item 1a.       risk factors.
you should consider carefully the following risks when reading the information, including the financial information, contained in this annual report on form 10-k.
risks related to our business our substantial international operations subject us to risks of doing business in foreign countries, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we conduct a substantial portion of our business outside the u.s., with approximately 88% of our sales to foreign countries. we operate and/or sell our products to customers in approximately 70 countries. we currently have many production, research and development and administrative facilities as well as sales offices located outside the u.s., as detailed in item 2. properties. accordingly, our business is subject to risks related to the differing legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many jurisdictions. risks inherent in international operations include the following:
•fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may affect product demand and may adversely affect the profitability in u.s. dollars of products and services we provide in international markets where payment for our products and services is made in the local currency;
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries
•transportation and other shipping costs may increase, or transportation may be inhibited;
•increased cost or decreased availability of raw materials;
•increased regulations on, or reduced access to, scarce resources, such as freshwater;
•changes in foreign laws and tax rates or u.s. laws and tax rates with respect to foreign income may unexpectedly increase the rate at which our income is taxed, impose new and additional taxes on remittances, repatriation or other payments by subsidiaries, or cause the loss of previously recorded tax benefits;
•foreign countries in which we do business may adopt other restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls;
•trade sanctions by or against foreign countries in which we do business could result in our losing access to customers and suppliers in those countries;
•unexpected adverse changes in foreign laws or regulatory requirements may occur;
•our agreements with counterparties in foreign countries may be difficult for us to enforce and related receivables may be difficult for us to collect;
•compliance with the variety of foreign laws and regulations may be unduly burdensome;
•compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws (such as the foreign corrupt practices act) as well as anti-money-laundering laws may be costly;
•unexpected adverse changes in export duties, quotas and tariffs and difficulties in obtaining export licenses may occur;
•general economic conditions in the countries in which we operate could have an adverse effect on our earnings from operations in those countries;
•our foreign operations may experience staffing difficulties and labor disputes;
•termination or substantial modification of international trade agreements may adversely affect our access to raw materials and to markets for our products outside the u.s.;
•foreign governments may nationalize or expropriate private enterprises;
•increased sovereign risk (such as default by or deterioration in the economies and credit worthiness of local governments) may occur; and
•political or economic repercussions from terrorist activities, including the possibility of hyperinflationary conditions and political instability, may occur in certain countries in which we do business.
in addition, certain of our operations and ongoing capital projects are in regions of the world such as asia, the middle east and south america that are of high risk due to significant civil, political and security instability. unanticipated events, such as geopolitical changes, could result in a write-down of our investment in the affected joint venture or a delay or cause cancellation of those capital projects, which could negatively impact our future growth and profitability. our success as a global business will depend, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social and political conditions by developing, implementing and maintaining policies and strategies that are effective in each location where we and our joint ventures do business.
furthermore, we are subject to rules and regulations related to anti-bribery and antitrust prohibitions of the u.s. and other countries, as well as export controls and economic embargoes, violations of which may carry substantial penalties. for example, export control and economic embargo regulations limit the ability of our subsidiaries to market, sell, distribute or otherwise transfer their products or technology to prohibited countries or persons. failure to comply with these regulations could subject our subsidiaries to fines, enforcement actions and/or have an adverse effect on our reputation and the value of our common stock.
because we conduct substantial operations in china, risks associated with regulatory activity and political and social events in china could negatively affect our business and operating results.
in 2022, net sales shipped to china represented 33% of our total net sales. additionally, we own three production facilities located in china and are in the process of constructing a lithium conversion plant in meishan, china. in addition to the risks described above under "our substantial international operations subject us to risks of doing business in foreign countries, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.", our operations in china expose us to risks particular to conducting business in that country. for example, over the past several years the u.s. and china have applied tariffs to certain of each other's exports, which have resulted in shifting trade flows and restrictions on certain sales of goods into china. additionally, geopolitical disputes (including as a result of china-taiwan and u.s.-taiwan relations) between the u.s. and china may lead to further restrictions on trade and/or obstacles to conducting business in china. recently, australia albemarle corporation and subsidiaries and china have attempted to improve relations and resolve trade disputes. as we ship a significant portion of our lithium from australia into china for further processing, tensions or a breakdown in relations between the countries could have a material impact on our operations. furthermore, the chinese government has, from time to time, curtailed manufacturing operations, with little or no notice, in industrial regions out of growing concern over air quality and in response to covid-19 outbreaks. the chinese government has also instituted energy intensity and energy consumption targets in a number of provinces in its efforts to reduce energy consumption, resulting in energy quotas and shortages in energy supply that can be disruptive to construction and manufacturing operations. these and other risks may have an adverse effect on our sales to chinese customers and/or result in our not realizing a return on, or losing some, or all, of our strategic investments in china.
our inability to secure key raw materials, or to pass through increases in costs and expenses for other raw materials and energy, on a timely basis or at all, including due to climate change, could have an adverse effect on the margins of our products and our results of operations.
the long-term profitability of our operations will, in part, depend on our ability to continue to economically obtain resources, including energy and raw materials. for example, our lithium and bromine businesses rely upon our continued ability to produce, or otherwise obtain, lithium and bromine of sufficient quality and in adequate amounts to meet our customers' demand. if we fail to secure and retain the rights to continue to access these key raw materials, we may have to restrict or suspend our operations that rely upon these key resources, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, in some cases access to these raw materials by us and our competitors is subject to decisions or actions by governmental authorities, which could adversely impact us. furthermore, other raw material and energy costs account for a significant percentage of our total costs of products sold, even if they can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. our raw material and energy costs can be volatile and may increase significantly. increases are primarily driven by tightening of market conditions and major increases in the pricing of key constituent materials for our products such as crude oil, chlorine and metals (including molybdenum and rare earths which are used in the refinery catalysts business). we generally attempt to pass through changes in the prices of raw materials and energy to our customers, but we may be unable to do so (or may be delayed in doing so). in addition, raising prices we charge to our customers in order to offset increases in the prices we pay for raw materials could cause us to suffer a loss of sales volumes. our inability to efficiently and effectively pass through price increases, or inventory impacts resulting from price volatility, could adversely affect our margins.
competition within our industry may place downward pressure on the prices and margins of our products and may adversely affect our businesses and results of operations.
we compete against a number of highly competitive global specialty chemical producers. competition is based on several key criteria, including product performance and quality, product price, product availability and security of supply, and responsiveness of product development in cooperation with customers and customer service. some of our competitors are larger than we are and may have greater financial resources. these competitors may also be able to maintain significantly greater operating and financial flexibility. as a result, these competitors may be better able to withstand changes in conditions within our industry. competitors' pricing decisions could compel us to decrease our prices, which could negatively affect our margins and profitability. our ability to maintain or increase our profitability is, and will continue to be, dependent upon our ability to offset decreases in the prices and margins of our products by improving production efficiency and volume and other productivity enhancements, shifting to production of higher margin chemical products and improving existing products through innovation and research and development. if we are unable to do so or to otherwise maintain our competitive position, we could lose market share to our competitors.
in addition, albemarle's brands, product image and trademarks represent the unique product identity of each of our products and are important symbols of the company's reputation. accordingly, the performance of our business could be adversely affected by any marketing and promotional materials used by our competitors that make adverse claims, whether with or without merit, against our company or its products, imply or assert immoral or improper conduct by us, or are otherwise disparaging of our company or its products. further, our own actions could hurt such brands, product image and trademarks if our products underperform or we otherwise draw negative publicity.
our research and development efforts may not succeed in addressing changes in our customers' needs, and our competitors may develop more effective or successful products.
our industries and the end markets into which we sell our products experience technological change and product improvement. manufacturers periodically introduce new products or require new technological capacity to develop customized products. our future growth depends on our ability to gauge the direction of the commercial and technological progress in all key end markets in which we sell our products and upon our ability to fund and successfully develop, manufacture and market products in such changing end markets. as a result, we must commit substantial resources each year to research and albemarle corporation and subsidiaries development. there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to identify, develop, market and, in certain cases, secure regulatory approval for innovative products in a timely manner or at all, as may be required to replace or enhance existing products, and any such inability could have a material adverse effect on our profit margins and our competitive position.
in addition, our customers use our specialty chemicals for a broad range of applications. changes in our customers' products or processes may enable our customers to reduce consumption of the specialty chemicals that we produce or make our specialty chemicals unnecessary. customers may also find alternative materials or processes that do not require our products. should a customer decide to use a different material due to price, performance or other considerations, we may not be able to supply a product that meets the customer's new requirements. consequently, it is important that we develop new products to replace the sales of products that mature and decline in use. our business, results of operations, cash flows and margins could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to manage successfully the maturation of our existing products and the introduction of new products.
despite our efforts, we may not be successful in developing new products and/or technology, either alone or with third parties, or licensing intellectual property rights from third parties on a commercially competitive basis. our new products may not be accepted by our customers or may fail to receive regulatory approval. moreover, new products may have lower margins than the products they replace. furthermore, ongoing investments in research and development for the future do not yield an immediate beneficial impact on our operating results and therefore could result in higher costs without a proportional increase in revenues.
the development of non-lithium battery technologies could adversely affect us.
the development and adoption of new battery technologies that rely on inputs other than lithium compounds could significantly impact our prospects and future revenues. current and next generation high energy density batteries for use in electric vehicles rely on lithium compounds as a critical input. alternative materials and technologies are being researched with the goal of making batteries lighter, more efficient, faster charging and less expensive, and some of these could be less reliant on lithium compounds. we cannot predict which new technologies may ultimately prove to be commercially viable and on what time horizon. commercialized battery technologies that use no, or significantly less, lithium could materially and adversely impact our prospects and future revenues.
downturns in our customers' industries, many of which are cyclical, could adversely affect our sales and profitability.
downturns in the businesses that use our specialty chemicals may adversely affect our sales. many of our customers are in industries, including the electronics, building and construction, oilfield and automotive industries, which are cyclical in nature, or which are subject to secular market downturns. historically, cyclical or secular industry downturns have resulted in diminished demand for our products, excess manufacturing capacity and lower average selling prices, and we may experience similar problems in the future. a decline in our customers' industries may have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
our results are subject to fluctuation because of irregularities in the demand for our hpc catalysts and certain of our agrichemicals.
our hpc catalysts are used by petroleum refiners in their processing units to reduce the quantity of sulfur and other impurities in petroleum products. the effectiveness of hpc catalysts diminishes with use, requiring the hpc catalysts to be replaced, on average, once every one to four years. the sales of our hpc catalysts, therefore, are largely dependent on the useful life cycle of the hpc catalysts in the processing units and may vary materially by quarter. in addition, the timing and profitability of hpc catalysts sales can have a significant impact on revenue and profit in any one quarter. sales of our agrichemicals are also subject to fluctuation as demand varies depending on climate and other environmental conditions, which may prevent or reduce farming for extended periods. in addition, crop pricing and the timing of when farms alternate from one crop to another crop in a particular year can also alter sales of agrichemicals.
regulation, or the threat of regulation, of some of our products could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
we manufacture or market a number of products that are or have been the subject of attention by regulatory authorities and environmental interest groups. for example, over the past decade, there has been increasing scrutiny of certain brominated fire safety solutions by regulatory authorities, legislative bodies and environmental interest groups in various countries. we manufacture a broad range of brominated fire safety solution products, which are used in a variety of applications to protect people, property and the environment from injury and damage caused by fire. concern about the impact of some of our products on human health or the environment may lead to regulation, or reaction in our markets independent of regulation, that could reduce or eliminate markets for such products.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries agencies in the european union ("e.u.") continue to evaluate the risks to human health and the environment associated with certain brominated fire safety solutions such as tetrabromobisphenol a and decabromodiphenylethane, both of which we manufacture. additional government regulations, including limitations or bans on the use of brominated flame retardants, could result in a decline in our net sales of brominated fire safety solutions and have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. in addition, the threat of additional regulation or concern about the impact of brominated fire safety solutions on human health or the environment could lead to a negative reaction in our markets that could reduce or eliminate our markets for these products, which could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
our business and our customers are subject to significant requirements under reach, which imposes obligations on e.u. manufacturers and importers of chemicals and other products into the e.u. to compile and file comprehensive reports, including testing data, on each chemical substance, and perform chemical safety assessments. additionally, substances of high concern, as defined under reach, are subject to an authorization process, which may result in restrictions in the use of products by application or even banning the product. reach regulations impose significant additional burdens on chemical producers, importers, downstream users of chemical substances and preparations, and the entire supply chain. see "regulation" in item 1. business. our significant manufacturing presence and sales activities in the e.u. require significant compliance costs and may result in increases in the costs of raw materials we purchase and the products we sell. increases in the costs of our products could result in a decrease in their overall demand; additionally, customers may seek products with lower regulatory compliance requirements, which could also result in a decrease in the demand of certain products subject to the reach regulations.
the tsca requires chemicals to be assessed against a risk-based safety standard and calling for the elimination of unreasonable risks identified during risk evaluation. this regulation and other pending initiatives at the u.s. state level, as well as initiatives in canada, asia and other regions, could potentially require toxicological testing and risk assessments of a wide variety of chemicals, including chemicals used or produced by us. these assessments may result in heightened concerns about the chemicals involved and additional requirements being placed on the production, handling, labeling or use of the subject chemicals. such concerns and additional requirements could also increase the cost incurred by our customers to use our chemical products and otherwise limit the use of these products, which could lead to a decrease in demand for these products. such a decrease in demand could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
we could be subject to damages based on claims brought against us by our customers or lose customers as a result of the failure of our products to meet certain quality specifications.
our products enable important performance attributes to our customers' products. if a product fails to perform in a manner consistent with quality specifications or has a shorter useful life than guaranteed, a customer of ours could seek the replacement of the product or damages for costs incurred as a result of the product failing to perform as guaranteed. these risks apply to our refinery catalysts in particular because, in certain instances, we sell our refinery catalysts under agreements that contain limited performance and life cycle guarantees. also, because many of our products are integrated into our customers' products, we may be requested to participate in, or fund in whole or in part the costs of, a product recall conducted by a customer. for example, some of our businesses supply products to customers in the automotive industry. in the event one of these customers conducts a product recall that it believes is related to one of our products, we may be asked to participate in, or fund in whole or in part, such a recall.
our customers often require our subsidiaries to represent that our products conform to certain product specifications provided by our customers. any failure to comply with such specifications could result in claims or legal action against us.
a successful claim or series of claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could result in our loss of one or more customers.
our business is subject to hazards common to chemical and natural resource extraction businesses, any of which could injure our employees or other persons, damage our facilities or other properties, interrupt our production and adversely affect our reputation and results of operations.
our business is subject to hazards common to chemical manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation, as well as natural resource extraction, including explosions, fires, severe weather, natural disasters, mechanical failure, unscheduled downtime, transportation interruptions, remediation, chemical spills, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases and other risks. these hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life to our employees and other persons, severe damage to, or destruction of, property and equipment and environmental contamination. in addition, the occurrence of disruptions, shutdowns or other material operating problems at our facilities due to any of these hazards may diminish our ability to meet our output goals. accordingly, these hazards and their consequences could adversely affect our reputation and albemarle corporation and subsidiaries have a material adverse effect on our operations as a whole, including our results of operations and cash flows, both during and after the period of operational difficulties.
our business could be adversely affected by environmental, health and safety laws and regulations.
the nature of our business, including historical operations at our current and former facilities, exposes us to risks of liability under environmental laws and regulations due to the production, storage, use, transportation and sale of materials that can cause contamination or personal injury if released into the environment. in the jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to numerous u.s. and non-u.s. national, federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated properties. we currently use, and in the past have used, hazardous substances at many of our facilities, and we have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to claims relating to exposure to hazardous materials. we also have generated, and continue to generate, hazardous wastes at a number of our facilities. some of our facilities also have lengthy histories of manufacturing or other activities that may have resulted in site contamination. liabilities associated with the investigation and cleanup of hazardous substances, as well as personal injury, property damages or natural resource damages arising from the release of, or exposure to, such hazardous substances, may be imposed in many situations without regard to violations of laws or regulations or other fault, and may also be imposed jointly and severally (so that a responsible party may be held liable for more than its share of the losses involved, or even the entire loss). such liabilities may also be imposed on many different entities, including, for example, current and prior property owners or operators, as well as entities that arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances. such liabilities may be material and can be difficult to identify or quantify.
further, some of the raw materials we handle are subject to government regulation. these regulations affect the manufacturing processes, handling, uses and applications of our products. in addition, our production facilities and a number of our distribution centers require numerous operating permits. due to the nature of these requirements and changes in our operations, our operations may exceed limits under permits or we may not have the proper permits to conduct our operations. ongoing compliance with such laws, regulations and permits is an important consideration for us and we incur substantial capital and operating costs in our compliance efforts.
compliance with environmental laws generally increases the costs of manufacturing, registration/approval requirements, transportation and storage of raw materials and finished products, and storage and disposal of wastes, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. we may incur substantial costs, including fines, damages, criminal or civil sanctions and remediation costs, or experience interruptions in our operations, for violations arising under these laws or permit requirements. additional information may arise in the future concerning the nature or extent of our liability with respect to identified sites, and additional sites may be identified for which we are alleged to be liable, that could cause us to materially increase our environmental accrual or the upper range of the costs we believe we could reasonably incur for such matters. furthermore, environmental laws are subject to change and have become increasingly stringent in recent years. we expect this trend to continue and to require materially increased capital expenditures and operating and compliance costs.
we may be subject to indemnity claims and liable for other payments relating to properties or businesses we have divested.
in connection with the sale of certain properties and businesses, we have agreed to indemnify the purchasers of such properties for certain types of matters, such as certain breaches of representations and warranties, taxes and certain environmental matters. with respect to environmental matters, the discovery of contamination arising from properties that we have divested may expose us to indemnity obligations under the sale agreements with the buyers of such properties or cleanup obligations and other damages under applicable environmental laws. we may not have insurance coverage for such indemnity obligations or cash flows to make such indemnity or other payments. further, we cannot predict the nature of and the amount of any indemnity or other obligations we may have to the applicable purchaser. such payments may be costly and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. for example, in 2021, we agreed to pay $665 million to settle claims related to a legacy rockwood holdings, inc. ("rockwood") business sold to a third party prior to our acquisition of rockwood in 2015.
at several of our properties where hazardous substances are known to exist (including some sites where hazardous substances are being investigated or remediated), we believe we are entitled to contractual indemnification from one or more former owners or operators; however, in the event we make a claim, the indemnifier may disagree with us regarding, or not have the financial capacity to fulfill, its indemnity obligation. if our contractual indemnity is not upheld or effective, our accrual and/or our costs for the investigation and cleanup of hazardous substances could increase materially.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries we could be adversely affected by violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar foreign anti-corruption laws.
the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa") and similar foreign anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions around the world generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to non-u.s. government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing an unfair advantage. we operate in some parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. although we have established formal policies or procedures for prohibiting or monitoring this conduct, we cannot assure you that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible. in the event that we believe or have reason to believe that our employees, agents or distributors have or may have violated applicable anti-corruption laws, including the fcpa, we may be required to investigate or have outside counsel investigate the relevant facts and circumstances, which can be expensive and require significant time and attention from senior management. if we are found to be liable for violations of the fcpa or other applicable anti-corruption laws (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others, including employees of our joint ventures), we could suffer from civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
as first reported in 2018, following receipt of information regarding potential improper payments being made by third-party sales representatives of our refining solutions business, within our catalysts segment, we promptly retained outside counsel and forensic accountants to investigate potential violations of the company's code of conduct, the foreign corrupt practices act, and other potentially applicable laws. based on this internal investigation, we have voluntarily self-reported potential issues relating to the use of third-party sales representatives in our refining solutions business, within our catalysts segment, to the u.s. department of justice ("doj"), the sec, and the dutch public prosecutor ("dpp"), and are cooperating with the doj, the sec, and the dpp in their review of these matters. in connection with our internal investigation, we have implemented, and are continuing to implement, appropriate remedial measures. we have commenced discussions with the sec, doj and dpp about a potential resolution of these matters.
at this time, we are unable to predict the duration, scope, result, or related costs associated with the investigations. we also are unable to predict what action may be taken by the doj, the sec, or the dpp, or what penalties or remedial actions they may ultimately seek. any determination that our operations or activities are not, or were not, in compliance with existing laws or regulations could result in the imposition of fines, penalties, disgorgement, equitable relief, or other losses. we do not believe, however, that any such fines, penalties, disgorgement, equitable relief, or other losses would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or liquidity. however, an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a particular period.
we are subject to extensive foreign government regulation that can negatively impact our business.
we are subject to government regulation in non-u.s. jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. the requirements for compliance with these laws and regulations may be unclear or indeterminate and may involve significant costs, including additional capital expenditures or increased operating expenses, or require changes in business practice, in each case that could result in reduced profitability for our business. our having to comply with these foreign laws or regulations may provide a competitive advantage to competitors who are not subject to comparable restrictions or prevent us from taking advantage of growth opportunities. determination of noncompliance can result in penalties or sanctions that could also adversely impact our operating results and financial condition.
our inability to protect our intellectual property rights, or being accused of infringing on intellectual property rights of third parties, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
protection of our proprietary processes, methods and compounds and other technology is important to our business. we generally rely on patent, trade secret, trademark and copyright laws of the u.s. and certain other countries in which our products are produced or sold, as well as licenses and nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements, to protect our intellectual property rights. the patent, trade secret, trademark and copyright laws of some countries, or their enforcement, may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the u.s. failure to protect our intellectual property rights may result in the loss of valuable proprietary technologies. additionally, some of our technologies are not covered by any patent or patent application and, even if a patent application has been filed, it may not result in an issued patent. if patents are issued to us, those patents may not provide meaningful protection against competitors or against competitive technologies. we cannot assure you that our intellectual property rights will not be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or rendered unenforceable.
we also conduct research and development activities with third parties and license certain intellectual property rights from third parties and we plan to continue to do so in the future. we endeavor to license or otherwise obtain intellectual albemarle corporation and subsidiaries property rights on terms favorable to us. however, we may not be able to license or otherwise obtain intellectual property rights on such terms or at all. our inability to license or otherwise obtain such intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our ability to create a competitive advantage and create innovative solutions for our customers, which will adversely affect our net sales and our relationships with our customers.
we could face patent infringement claims from our competitors or others alleging that our processes or products infringe on their proprietary technologies. if we are found to be infringing on the proprietary technology of others, we may be liable for damages and we may be required to change our processes, redesign our products partially or completely, pay to use the technology of others, stop using certain technologies or stop producing the infringing product entirely. even if we ultimately prevail in an infringement suit, the existence of the suit could prompt customers to switch to products that are not the subject of infringement suits. we may not prevail in intellectual property litigation and such litigation may result in significant legal costs or otherwise impede our ability to produce and distribute key products.
we also rely upon unpatented proprietary manufacturing expertise, continuing technological innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. while we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties to protect our intellectual property, we cannot assure you that our confidentiality agreements will not be breached, that they will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and proprietary manufacturing expertise or that adequate remedies will be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or manufacturing expertise. in addition, our trade secrets and know-how may be improperly obtained by other means, such as a breach of our information technologies security systems or direct theft.
our inability to acquire or develop additional reserves that are economically viable could have a material adverse effect on our future profitability.
our lithium reserves will, without more, decline as we continue to extract these raw materials. accordingly, our future profitability depends upon our ability to acquire additional lithium reserves that are economically viable to replace the reserves we will extract. exploration and development of lithium resources are highly speculative in nature. exploration projects involve many risks, require substantial expenditures and may not result in the discovery of sufficient additional resources that can be extracted profitably. once a site with potential resources is discovered, it may take several years of development until production is possible, during which time the economic viability of production may change. substantial expenditures are required to establish recoverable proven and probable reserves and to construct extraction and production facilities. as a result, there is no assurance that current or future exploration programs will be successful and there is a risk that depletion of reserves will not be offset by discoveries or acquisitions.
we utilize feasibility studies to estimate the anticipated economic returns of an exploration project. the actual project profitability or economic feasibility may differ from such estimates as a result of factors such as, but not limited to, changes in volumes, grades and characteristics of resources to be mined and processed; changes in labor costs or availability of adequate and skilled labor force; the quality of the data on which engineering assumptions were made; adverse geotechnical conditions; availability, supply and cost of water and power; fluctuations in inflation and currency exchange rates; delays in obtaining environmental or other government permits or approvals or changes in the laws and regulations related to our operations or project development; changes in royalty agreements, laws and/or regulations around royalties and other taxes; and weather or severe climate impacts.
for our existing operations, we utilize geological and metallurgical assumptions, financial projections and price estimates. these estimates are periodically updated to reflect changes in our operations, including modifications to our proven and probable reserves and mineralized material, revisions to environmental obligations, changes in legislation and/or social, political or economic environment, and other significant events associated with natural resource extraction operations. there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities and qualities of lithium and costs to extract recoverable reserves, including many factors beyond our control, that could cause results to differ materially from expected financial and operating results or result in future impairment charges. in addition, it cannot be assumed that any part or all of the inferred mineral resources will ever be converted into mineral reserves, as defined by the sec. see item 2. properties, for a discussion and quantification of our current mineral resources and reserves.
there is risk to the growth of lithium markets.
our lithium business is significantly dependent on the development and adoption of new applications for lithium batteries and the growth in demand for plug-in hybrid electric vehicles and battery electric vehicles. to the extent that such development, adoption and growth do not occur in the volume and/or manner that we contemplate, including for reasons described under the heading "the development of non-lithium battery technologies could adversely affect us," above, the long-term growth in the albemarle corporation and subsidiaries markets for lithium products may be adversely affected, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
demand and market prices for lithium will greatly affect the value of our investment in our lithium resources and our revenues and profitability generally.
our ability to successfully develop our lithium resources, including our 60% interest in marbl's wodgina mine, and generate a return on investment will be affected by changes in the demand for and market price of lithium-based end products, such as lithium hydroxide. the market price of these products can fluctuate and is affected by numerous factors beyond our control, primarily world supply and demand. such external economic factors are influenced by changes in international investment patterns, various political developments and macro-economic circumstances. in addition, the price of lithium products is impacted by their purity and performance. we may not be able to effectively mitigate against such fluctuations.
following the wodgina acquisition, the wodgina mine idled production of spodumene until market demand supported bringing the mine back into production. we have resumed spodumene concentrate production at the wodgina mine, but there are no assurances that we will not idle production at the wodgina mine or one of our other mines in the future due to lack of market demand or for other reasons.
in addition, we have renegotiated certain of our long-term agreements to include higher pricing that is more reflective of current market conditions. in other cases, we have moved from our previous fixed-price, long-term agreements toward index-referenced and variable-priced contracts. as a result, our lithium business is more aligned with changes in market and index pricing than it has been in the past. while lithium market indices have increased 70% to 200% since the start of 2022, they may decline in the future, and any such decline could have a material and adverse effect on the revenues and profitability of our lithium business and on our company generally.
if we are unable to retain key personnel or attract new skilled personnel, it could have an adverse effect on our business.
our success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel including our management team. in light of the specialized and technical nature of our business, our performance is dependent on the continued service of, and on our ability to attract and retain, qualified management, scientific, technical, marketing and support personnel. competition for such personnel is intense, and we may be unable to continue to attract or retain such personnel. in addition, because of our reliance on our senior management team, the unanticipated departure of any key member of our management team could have an adverse effect on our business. our future success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and develop or recruit talent to succeed our senior management and other key positions throughout the organization. if we fail to identify and develop or recruit successors, we are at risk of being harmed by the departures of these key employees. effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. in addition, the u.s. and other regions in which we operate are experiencing an acute workforce shortage for skilled workers, which in turn has created a hyper-competitive wage environment that may impact our ability to attract and retain employees.
some of our employees are unionized, represented by works councils or are employed subject to local laws that are less favorable to employers than the laws of the u.s.
as of december 31, 2022, we had approximately 7,400 employees, including employees of our consolidated joint ventures. approximately 30% of these employees are represented by unions or works councils. in addition, a large number of our employees are employed in countries in which employment laws provide greater bargaining or other rights to employees than the laws of the u.s. such employment rights require us to work collaboratively with the legal representatives of those employees to effect any changes to labor arrangements. for example, most of our employees in europe are represented by works councils that must approve any changes in conditions of employment, including salaries and benefits and staff changes, and may impede efforts to restructure our workforce. although we believe that we have a good working relationship with our employees, a strike, work stoppage, slowdown or significant dispute with our employees could result in a significant disruption of our operations or higher labor costs.
our joint ventures may not operate according to their business plans if our partners fail to fulfill their obligations, which may adversely affect our results of operations and may force us to dedicate additional resources to these joint ventures.
we currently participate in a number of joint ventures and may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. the nature of a joint venture requires us to share control with unaffiliated third parties. if our joint venture partners do not fulfill their obligations, the affected joint venture may not be able to operate according to its business plan. in that case, our results of operations may be adversely affected and we may be required to materially change the level of our commitment to the joint albemarle corporation and subsidiaries venture. also, differences in views among joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or failures to agree on major issues. if these differences cause the joint ventures to deviate from their business plans, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
the realignment of our former lithium, bromine and catalysts segments into our energy storage, specialties and ketjen (catalysts) segments may not benefit us as we expect or result in an improvement in our operating results.
in august 2022, we announced plans to realign our lithium and bromine global business units into a new corporate structure designed to better meet customer needs and foster talent required to deliver in a competitive global environment. in addition, we announced our decision to retain our catalysts business under a separate, wholly-owned subsidiary. effective january 1, 2023, we realigned our lithium and bromine global business units into new energy storage and specialties segments. energy storage focuses on the lithium-ion battery evolution and the transition to clean energy. specialties combines the former bromine business with the lithium specialties business. we also reorganized our former catalysts business unit into a wholly-owned subsidiary branded as ketjen. if we do not manage this reorganization and the consequent realignment of responsibilities effectively, or if this new organization does not provide better service and products to our customers, then our overall business could suffer with an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we will continue to report our segments in the current structure until our quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2023, the period in which the new organizational structure became effective.
risks related to our financial condition our required capital expenditures can be complex, may experience delays or other difficulties, and the costs may exceed our estimates.
our capital expenditures generally consist of expenditures to maintain and improve existing equipment, facilities and properties, and substantial investments in new or expanded equipment, facilities and properties. execution of these capital expenditures can be complex, and commencement of production requires start-up, commission and certification of product quality by our customers, which may impact the expected output and timing of sales of product from such facilities. construction of large chemical operations is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, among others, the ability to complete a project on a timely basis and in accordance with the estimated budget for such projects and our ability to estimate future demand for our products. in addition, our returns on these capital expenditures may not meet our expectations.
future capital expenditures may be significantly higher, depending on the investment requirements of each of our business lines, and may also vary substantially if we are required to undertake actions to compete with new technologies in our industry. we may not have the capital necessary to undertake these capital investments. if we are unable to do so, we may not be able to effectively compete in some of our markets.
we will need a significant amount of cash to service our indebtedness and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control.
our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or use existing cash balances to make scheduled payments on our debt depends on a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside our control. our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt obligations. if we are unable to service our debt obligations, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or raise additional equity. we may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness, sell assets or raise additional equity on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could cause us to default on our obligations and impair our liquidity. our inability to generate sufficient cash flow or use existing cash balances to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
restrictive covenants in our debt instruments may adversely affect our business.
our senior credit facilities and the indentures governing our senior notes contain select restrictive covenants. these covenants provide constraints on our financial flexibility. the failure to comply with these or other covenants governing other indebtedness, including indebtedness incurred in the future, could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including cross-defaults to other debt facilities. see "financial condition and liquidity-long-term debt" in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries albemarle corporation and subsidiaries changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations could adversely affect our cost of financing, the market price of our securities and our debt service obligations.
credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that include our operating results, actions that we take, their view of the general outlook for our industry and their view of the general outlook for the economy. actions taken by the rating agencies can include maintaining, upgrading or downgrading the current rating or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrades. downgrading the credit rating of our debt securities or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrades would likely increase our cost of future financing, limit our access to the capital markets and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities.
borrowings under a portion of our debt facilities bear interest at floating rates, and are subject to adjustment based on the ratings of our senior unsecured long-term debt. the downgrading of any of our ratings or an increase in any of the benchmark interest rates would result in an increase of the interest expense on our variable rate borrowings.
we are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which may adversely affect our operating results and net income.
we conduct our business and incur costs in the local currency of most of the countries in which we operate. changes in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar will affect the recorded levels of our assets, liabilities, net sales, cost of goods sold and operating margins and could result in exchange losses. the primary currencies to which we have exposure are the chinese renminbi, euro, australian dollar, chilean peso and japanese yen. exchange rates between these currencies and the u.s. dollar in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future. with respect to our potential exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and devaluations, for the year ended december 31, 2022, approximately 29% of our net sales were denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. significant changes in these foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar could also have an adverse effect on our ability to meet interest and principal payments on any foreign currency-denominated debt outstanding. in addition to currency translation risks, we incur currency transaction risks whenever one of our operating subsidiaries or joint ventures enters into either a purchase or a sales transaction using a different currency from its functional currency. our operating results and net income may be affected by any volatility in currency exchange rates and our ability to manage effectively our currency transaction and translation risks.
inflationary trends in the price of our input costs, such as raw materials, transportation and energy, could adversely affect our business and financial results.
we have experienced, and may continue to experience, volatility and increases in the price of certain raw materials and in transportation and energy costs as a result of global market and supply chain disruptions and the broader inflationary environment. for example, results for our catalysts segment have been negatively impacted in 2022 as a result of inflationary pressures in freight and input costs, including as a result of the volatility of natural gas pricing in europe related to the war in ukraine.
if we are unable to increase the prices to our customers of our products to offset inflationary cost trends, or if we are unable to achieve cost savings to offset such cost increases, we could fail to meet our cost expectations, and our profits and operating results could be adversely affected. our ability to price our products competitively to timely reflect higher input costs is critical to maintain and grow our sales. increases in prices of our products to customers or the impact of the broader inflationary environment on our customers and may lead to declines in demand and sales volumes. further, we may not be able to accurately predict the volume impact of price increases, especially if our competitors are able to more successfully adjust to such input cost volatility. increasing our prices to our customers could result in long-term sales declines or loss of market share if our customers find alternative suppliers or purchase less of our products, which could have an adverse long-term impact on our results of operations.
changes in, or the interpretation of, tax legislation or rates throughout the world could materially impact our results.
our effective tax rate and related tax balance sheet attributes could be impacted by changes in tax legislation throughout the world. recent changes in the u.s. include the inflation reduction act of 2022 (the "inflation reduction act"), enacted august 16, 2022, which, among other items, imposes a 15% alternative minimum tax on corporations with three-year average annual adjusted financial statement income exceeding $1 billion and introduces or extends a number of tax credits to promote clean energy development. we continue to monitor the effects of the inflation reduction act and other regulatory developments on our financial condition, operating results, and income tax rate. currently, the majority of our net sales are generated from customers located outside the u.s., and a substantial portion of our assets and employees are located outside of the u.s.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries we have not accrued income taxes or foreign withholding taxes on undistributed earnings for most non-u.s. subsidiaries, because those earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in the operations of those subsidiaries. certain tax proposals with respect to such earnings could substantially increase our tax expense, which would substantially reduce our income and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows from operating activities.
our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, expirations of tax holidays or rulings, changes in the assessment regarding the realization of the valuation of deferred tax assets, or changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation. recent developments, including the european commission's investigations on illegal state aid, as well as the organisation for economic co-operation and development ("oecd") project on base erosion and profit shifting may result in changes to long-standing tax principles, which could adversely affect our effective tax rates or result in higher cash tax liabilities. the oecd has also proposed the introduction of a global minimum tax rate at 15%. consultations are ongoing and while we expect increased tax compliance requirements, we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of this proposal.
we are subject to the regular examination of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. examinations in material jurisdictions or changes in laws, rules, regulations or interpretations by local taxing authorities could result in impacts to tax years open under statute or to foreign operating structures currently in place. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations or changes in laws, rules, regulations or interpretations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. it is possible the outcomes from these examinations will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
future events may impact our deferred tax asset position and u.s. deferred federal income taxes on undistributed earnings of international affiliates that are considered to be indefinitely reinvested.
we evaluate our ability to utilize deferred tax assets and our need for valuation allowances based on available evidence. this process involves significant management judgment about assumptions that are subject to change from period to period based on changes in tax laws or variances between future projected operating performance and actual results. we are required to establish a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets if we determine, based on available evidence at the time the determination is made, that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be utilized. in making this determination, we evaluate all positive and negative evidence as of the end of each reporting period. future adjustments (either increases or decreases) to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance are determined based upon changes in the expected realization of the net deferred tax assets. the utilization of our deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income in either the carry-back or carry-forward periods under the applicable tax law. due to significant estimates used to establish the valuation allowance and the potential for changes in facts and circumstances, it is reasonably possible that we will be required to record adjustments to the valuation allowance in future reporting periods. changes to the valuation allowance or the amount of deferred tax liabilities could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. further, should we change our assertion regarding the permanent reinvestment of the undistributed earnings in foreign operations, a deferred tax liability may need to be established.
our business and financial results may be adversely affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings.
we are involved from time to time in legal and regulatory proceedings, which may be material in the future. the outcome of proceedings, lawsuits and claims may differ from our expectations, leading us to change estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables.
legal and regulatory proceedings, whether with or without merit, and associated internal investigations, may be time-consuming and expensive to prosecute, defend or conduct, may divert management's attention and other resources, inhibit our ability to sell our products, result in adverse judgments for damages, injunctive relief, penalties and fines, and otherwise negatively affect our business.
because a significant portion of our operations is conducted through our subsidiaries and joint ventures, our ability to service our debt may be dependent on our receipt of distributions or other payments from our subsidiaries and joint ventures.
a significant portion of our operations is conducted through our subsidiaries and joint ventures. as a result, our ability to service our debt may be partially dependent on the earnings of our subsidiaries and joint ventures and the payment of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from us. payments to us by our subsidiaries and joint ventures are contingent upon our subsidiaries' or joint ventures' earnings and other business considerations and may be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. in addition, there may be significant tax and other legal restrictions on the ability of our non-u.s. subsidiaries or joint ventures to remit money to us.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries although our pension plans currently meet minimum funding requirements, events could occur that would require us to make significant contributions to the plans and reduce the cash available for our business.
we have several defined benefit pension plans around the world, including in the u.s., u.k., germany, belgium and japan. we are required to make cash contributions to our pension plans to the extent necessary to comply with minimum funding requirements imposed by the various countries' benefit and tax laws. the amount of any such required contributions will be determined annually based on an actuarial valuation of the plans as performed by the plans' actuaries.
in previous years, we have made voluntary contributions to our u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plans. we anticipate approximately $12 million of required cash contributions during 2023 for our defined benefit pension plans. additional voluntary pension contributions in and after 2023 may vary depending on factors such as asset returns, interest rates, and legislative changes. the amounts we may elect or be required to contribute to our pension plans in the future may increase significantly. these contributions could be substantial and would reduce the cash available for our business.
further, an economic downturn or recession or market disruption in the capital and credit markets may adversely impact the value of our pension plan assets, our results of operations, our statement of changes in stockholders' equity and our liquidity. our funding obligations could change significantly based on the investment performance of the pension plan assets and changes in actuarial assumptions for local statutory funding valuations. any deterioration of the capital markets or returns available in such markets may negatively impact our pension plan assets and increase our funding obligations for one or more of these plans and negatively impact our liquidity. we cannot predict the impact of this or any further market disruption on our pension funding obligations.
we may not be able to consummate future acquisitions or integrate acquisitions into our business, which could result in unanticipated expenses and losses.
we believe that our customers are increasingly looking for strong, long-term relationships with a few key suppliers that help them improve product performance, reduce costs, and support new product development. to satisfy these growing customer requirements, our competitors have been consolidating within product lines through mergers and acquisitions.
as part of our business growth strategy, we have acquired businesses and entered into joint ventures in the past and intend to pursue acquisitions and joint venture opportunities in the future. our ability to implement this component of our growth strategy will be limited by our ability to identify appropriate acquisition or joint venture candidates and our financial resources, including available cash and borrowing capacity. the expense incurred in consummating acquisitions or entering into joint ventures, the time it takes to integrate an acquisition or our failure to integrate businesses successfully, could result in unanticipated expenses and losses. furthermore, we may not be able to realize any of the anticipated benefits from acquisitions or joint ventures.
the process of integrating acquired operations into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require significant financial resources that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of existing operations. some of the risks associated with the integration of acquisitions include:
•potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management;
•unforeseen claims and liabilities, including unexpected environmental exposures;
•unforeseen adjustments, charges and write-offs;
•problems enforcing the indemnification obligations of sellers of businesses or joint venture partners for claims and liabilities;
•unexpected losses of customers of, or suppliers to, the acquired business;
•difficulty in conforming the acquired businesses' standards, processes, procedures and controls with our operations;
•in the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries;
•variability in financial information arising from the implementation of purchase price accounting;
•inability to coordinate new product and process development;
•loss of senior managers and other critical personnel and problems with new labor unions and cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; and
•challenges arising from the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries we may continue to expand our business through acquisitions and we may incur additional indebtedness, including indebtedness related to acquisitions.
we have historically expanded our business primarily through acquisitions. a part of our business strategy is to continue to grow through acquisitions that complement our existing technologies and accelerate our growth. our credit facilities have limited financial maintenance covenants. in addition, the indenture and other agreements governing our senior notes do not limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. as a result, we may incur substantial additional indebtedness in connection with acquisitions.
any such additional indebtedness and the related debt service obligations (whether or not arising from acquisitions) could have important consequences and risks for us, including:
•reducing flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses, the competitive environment and the industries in which we operate, and to technological and other changes;
•lowering credit ratings;
•reducing access to capital and increasing borrowing costs generally or for any additional indebtedness to finance future operating and capital expenses and for general corporate purposes;
•to the extent that our debt is subject to floating interest rates, increasing our vulnerability to fluctuations in market interest rates;
•reducing funds available for operations, capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends and other activities; and
•creating competitive disadvantages relative to other companies with lower debt levels.
if our goodwill, intangible assets or long-lived assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), we review our intangible assets and long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. goodwill is tested for impairment on october 31 of each year, or more frequently if required. factors that may be considered a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill, intangible assets or long-lived assets may not be recoverable, include, but are not limited to, a decline in our stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates, and slower growth rates in our industry. we may be required to record a significant charge in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill, intangible assets or long-lived assets is determined, negatively impacting our results of operations and financial condition.
general risk factors adverse conditions in the economy, and volatility and disruption of financial markets can negatively impact our customers, suppliers and other business partners and therefore have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
a global, regional or localized economic downturn may reduce customer demand or inhibit our ability to produce our products, negatively impacting our operating results. our business and operating results have been and will continue to be sensitive to the many challenges that can affect national, regional and global economies, including economic downturns (including credit market tightness, which can impact our liquidity as well as that of our customers, suppliers and other business partners), declining consumer and business confidence, fluctuating commodity prices and volatile exchange rates. our customers may experience deterioration of their businesses, cash flow shortages and difficulty obtaining financing, leading them to delay or cancel plans to purchase products, and they may not be able to fulfill their obligations in a timely fashion. further, suppliers and other business partners may experience similar conditions, which could impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. also, it could be difficult to find replacements for business partners without incurring significant delays or cost increases. finally, any such adverse conditions in the economy and financial markets could make it difficult for us to raise debt or equity capital on favorable terms.
our business and operations could suffer in the event of cybersecurity breaches, information technology system failures, or network disruptions.
attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems become more sophisticated over time. these attempts, which might be related to industrial or other espionage, include covertly introducing malware to our computers and networks and impersonating authorized users, among others. we seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their recurrence, but in some cases we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. the theft, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives or otherwise albemarle corporation and subsidiaries adversely affect our business. to the extent that any cybersecurity breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our customers' or licensees' confidential information, we may incur liability as a result. the devotion of additional resources to the security of our information technology systems in the future could significantly increase the cost of doing business or otherwise adversely impact our financial results.
in addition, risks associated with information technology systems failures or network disruptions, including risks associated with upgrading our systems or in successfully integrating information technology and other systems in connection with the integration of businesses we acquire, could disrupt our operations by impeding our processing of transactions, financial reporting and our ability to protect our customer or company information, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. finally, we face increased information technology security and fraud risks due to our increased reliance on working remotely during the covid-19 pandemic and beyond, which may create additional information security vulnerabilities and/or magnify the impact of any disruption in information technology systems.
the occurrence or threat of extraordinary events, including domestic and international terrorist attacks, may disrupt our operations and decrease demand for our products.
chemical-related assets may be at greater risk of future terrorist attacks than other possible targets in the u.s. and around the world. as a result, we are subject to existing federal rules and regulations (and may be subject to additional legislation or regulations in the future) that impose site security requirements on chemical manufacturing facilities, which increase our overhead expenses.
we are also subject to federal regulations that have heightened security requirements for the transportation of hazardous chemicals in the u.s. we believe we have met these requirements but additional federal and local regulations that limit the distribution of hazardous materials are being considered. we ship and receive materials that are classified as hazardous. bans on movement of hazardous materials through cities, like washington, d.c., could affect the efficiency of our logistical operations. broader restrictions on hazardous material movements could lead to additional investment to produce hazardous raw materials and change where and what products we manufacture.
the chemical facility anti-terrorism standards program ("cfats program"), which is administered by the department of homeland security ("dhs"), identifies and regulates chemical facilities to ensure that they have security measures in place to reduce the risks associated with potential terrorist attacks on chemical plants located in the u.s. in december 2014, the protecting and securing chemical facilities from terrorist attacks act of 2014 ("cfats act") was enacted. dhs has enacted new rules under the cfats program that imposes comprehensive federal security regulations for high-risk chemical facilities in possession of specified quantities of chemicals of interest. this rule establishes risk-based performance standards for the security of the u.s.'s chemical facilities. it requires covered chemical facilities to prepare security vulnerability assessments, which identify facility security vulnerabilities, and to develop and implement site security plans, which include measures that satisfy the identified risk-based performance standards. we have implemented all necessary changes to comply with the rules under the cfats program to date, however, we cannot determine with certainty any future costs associated with any additional security measures that dhs may require.
the occurrence of extraordinary events, including future terrorist attacks and the outbreak or escalation of hostilities, cannot be predicted, and their occurrence can be expected to continue to negatively affect the economy in general, and the markets for our products in particular. the resulting damage from a direct attack on our assets, or assets used by us, could include loss of life and property damage. in addition, available insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of the damage incurred or, if available, may be prohibitively expensive.
the covid-19 pandemic, and any future pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
we continue to closely monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and its impact on our business. the covid-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainty, volatility and economic disruption and any future pandemics could have a serious adverse impact on the economy and on our business, results of operations and cash flows. while we have not experienced a material impact as a result of the covid-19 pandemic to date, the ultimate extent to which the covid-19 pandemic and any future pandemics impact our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows is difficult to predict and dependent upon many factors over which we have no control. these factors include, but are not limited to, the duration and severity of the pandemic, including from the discovery of new strain variants; government restrictions on businesses and individuals; the health and safety of our employees and communities in which we do business; the impact of the pandemic on our customers' businesses and the resulting demand for our products; the impact on our suppliers and supply chain network; the impact on u.s. and global economies and the timing and rate of economic recovery; and potential adverse effects on the financial markets.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries the military conflict between russia and ukraine, and the global response to it, could impact our results of operations.
the u.s. government and other nations have imposed significant restrictions on most companies' ability to do business in russia as a result of the military conflict between russia and ukraine. it is not possible to predict the broader or longer-term consequences of this conflict, which could include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, energy shortages, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, security conditions, currency exchange rates and financial markets. such geo-political instability and uncertainty could have a negative impact on our ability to sell to, ship products to, collect payments from, and support customers in certain regions based on trade restrictions, embargoes and export control law restrictions, and logistics restrictions including closures of air space, and could increase the costs, risks and adverse impacts from these new challenges. for example, results for our catalysts segment were negatively impacted in 2022 as a result of inflationary pressures in freight and input costs, including the volatility of natural gas pricing in europe related to the war in ukraine. we may also be the subject of increased cybersecurity breaches. we currently do not sell our products into russia nor have assets or any operations in the country, however, a significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption or the conflict's current scope could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations due to its impact in the countries in which we do conduct business.
natural disasters or other unanticipated catastrophes could impact our results of operations.
the occurrence of natural disasters, such as hurricanes, floods or earthquakes; pandemics, such as covid-19; or other unanticipated catastrophes at any of the locations in which we or our key partners, suppliers and customers do business, could cause interruptions in our operations. historically, major hurricanes have caused significant disruption to the operations on the u.s. gulf coast for many of our customers and our suppliers of certain raw materials, which had an adverse impact on volume and cost for some of our products. our operations in chile could be subject to significant rain events and earthquakes, and our operations in asia could be subject to weather events such as typhoons. a global or regional pandemic or similar outbreak in a region of our, our customers, or our suppliers could disrupt business. if similar or other weather events, natural disasters, or other catastrophe events occur in the future, they could negatively affect the results of operations at our sites in the affected regions as well as have adverse impacts on the global economy.
our insurance may not fully cover all potential exposures.
we maintain property, business interruption, casualty, and other insurance, but such insurance may not cover all risks associated with the hazards of our business and is subject to limitations, including deductibles and coverage limits. we may incur losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of our insurance policies, including liabilities for environmental remediation. in addition, from time to time, various types of insurance for companies in the specialty chemical industry have not been available on commercially acceptable terms or, in some cases, have not been available at all. we are potentially at additional risk if one or more of our insurance carriers fail. additionally, severe disruptions in the domestic and global financial markets could adversely impact the ratings and survival of some insurers. future downgrades in the ratings of enough insurers could adversely impact both the availability of appropriate insurance coverage and its cost. in the future, we may not be able to obtain coverage at current levels, if at all, and our premiums may increase significantly on coverage that we maintain.
we may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change.
growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional regulations or restrictions to which we may become subject. climate changes include changes in rainfall and in storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, significantly changing sea levels and increasing atmospheric and water temperatures, among others. for example, there have been concerns regarding the declining water level of the dead sea, from which our joint venture, jbc, produces bromine. climate changes and unprecedented weather events may pose a risk to business operations in vulnerable areas. storms could cause business interruptions, incur additional restoration costs, and impact product availability and pricing. disruptions to the global supply chain due to climate related impacts or geopolitical events are possible and exist as external risk factors that we can respond to but not control. these events could limit the supply of key raw materials to us, or could have significant impacts to pricing. we work with numerous independent suppliers to mitigate lack of availability from a single supplier, however in some cases products with limited numbers of suppliers may become difficult to obtain.
a number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to climate change, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions. potentially, additional u.s. federal regulation will be forthcoming with respect to greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon dioxide) and/or "cap and trade" legislation that could impact our operations. in addition, we have operations in the e.u., brazil, china, japan, jordan, saudi arabia, singapore and the united arab emirates, which have implemented, or may implement, measures to achieve objectives under the 2015 paris climate agreement, an international agreement linked to the united nations framework convention on climate change ("unfcc"), which set targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. significant regional or national differences in approaches albemarle corporation and subsidiaries to environmental laws and regulations could affect us disproportionately compared to our competitors and result in a competitive disadvantage to us.
the outcome of new legislation or regulation in the u.s. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in new or additional requirements, additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities, and fees or restrictions on certain activities. we may have heightened credit risk due to our exposure to climate risks. while certain climate change initiatives may result in new business opportunities for us in the area of alternative fuel technologies and emissions control, compliance with these initiatives may also result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, additional taxes, reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations. any adopted future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. even without such regulation, increased public awareness and adverse publicity about potential impacts on climate change emanating from us or our industry could harm us. we may not be able to recover the cost of compliance with new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our business and negatively impact our growth. furthermore, the potential impact of climate change and related regulation, market trends or litigation on the company is highly uncertain and there can be no assurance that it will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
forward-looking statements some of the information presented in this annual report on form 10-k, including the documents incorporated by reference herein, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. such forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, which are in turn based on assumptions that we believe are reasonable based on our current knowledge of our business and operations. we have used words such as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "should," "would," "will" and variations of such words and similar expressions to identify such forward-looking statements.
these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. there can be no assurance that our actual results will not differ materially from the results and expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the outlook expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement include, without limitation, information related to:
•changes in economic and business conditions;
•product development;
•changes in financial and operating performance of our major customers and industries and markets served by us;
•the timing of orders received from customers;
•the gain or loss of significant customers;
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries
•fluctuations in lithium market pricing, which could impact our revenues and profitability particularly due to our increased exposure to index-referenced and variable-priced contracts for battery grade lithium sales;
•inflationary trends in our input costs, such as raw materials, transportation and energy, and their effects on our business and financial results;
•changes with respect to contract renegotiations;
•potential production volume shortfalls;
•competition from other manufacturers;
•changes in the demand for our products or the end-user markets in which our products are sold;
•limitations or prohibitions on the manufacture and sale of our products;
•availability of raw materials;
•increases in the cost of raw materials and energy, and our ability to pass through such increases to our customers;
•technological change and development;
•changes in our markets in general;
•fluctuations in foreign currencies;
•changes in laws and government regulation impacting our operations or our products;
•the occurrence of regulatory actions, proceedings, claims or litigation (including with respect to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and foreign anti-corruption laws);
•the occurrence of cyber-security breaches, terrorist attacks, industrial accidents or natural disasters;
•the effects of climate change, including any regulatory changes to which we might be subject;
•hazards associated with chemicals manufacturing;
•the inability to maintain current levels of insurance, including product or premises liability insurance, or the denial of such coverage;
•political unrest affecting the global economy, including adverse effects from terrorism or hostilities;
•political instability affecting our manufacturing operations or joint ventures;
•changes in accounting standards;
•the inability to achieve results from our global manufacturing cost reduction initiatives as well as our ongoing continuous improvement and rationalization programs;
•changes in the jurisdictional mix of our earnings and changes in tax laws and rates or interpretation;
•changes in monetary policies, inflation or interest rates that may impact our ability to raise capital or increase our cost of funds, impact the performance of our pension fund investments and increase our pension expense and funding obligations;
•volatility and uncertainties in the debt and equity markets;
•technology or intellectual property infringement, including cyber-security breaches, and other innovation risks;
•decisions we may make in the future;
•future acquisition and divestiture transactions, including the ability to successfully execute, operate and integrate acquisitions and divestitures and incurring additional indebtedness;
•expected benefits from proposed transactions;
•timing of active and proposed projects;
•continuing uncertainties as to the duration and impact of the novel coronavirus ("covid-19") pandemic and any future pandemic;
•impacts of the military conflict between russia and ukraine and the global response to it;
•performance of our partners in joint ventures and other projects;
•changes in credit ratings;
•the inability to realize the benefits of our decision to retain our catalysts business as a wholly-owned subsidiary and to realign our lithium and bromine global business units into a new corporate structure, including energy storage and specialties business units; and
•the other factors detailed from time to time in the reports we file with the sec.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries we assume no obligation to provide revisions to any forward-looking statements should circumstances change, except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws. the following discussion should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report on form 10-k.
the following is a discussion and analysis of our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. a discussion of our consolidated financial condition and sources of additional capital is included under a separate heading "financial condition and liquidity."
overview we are a leading global developer, manufacturer and marketer of highly-engineered specialty chemicals that are designed to meet our customers' needs across a diverse range of end markets. our corporate purpose is making the world safe and sustainable by powering the potential of people. the end markets we serve include energy storage, petroleum refining, consumer electronics, construction, automotive, lubricants, pharmaceuticals and crop protection. we believe that our commercial and geographic diversity, technical expertise, access to high-quality resources, innovative capability, flexible, low-cost global manufacturing base, experienced management team and strategic focus on our core base technologies will enable us to maintain leading positions in those areas of the specialty chemicals industry in which we operate.
secular trends favorably impacting demand within the end markets that we serve combined with our diverse product portfolio, broad geographic presence and customer-focused solutions will continue to be key drivers of our future earnings growth. we continue to build upon our existing green solutions portfolio and our ongoing mission to provide innovative, yet commercially viable, clean energy products and services to the marketplace to contribute to our sustainable revenue. for example, our lithium business contributes to the growth of clean miles driven with electric vehicles and more efficient use of renewable energy through grid storage; bromine enables the prevention of fires starting in electronic equipment, greater fuel efficiency from rubber tires and the reduction of emissions from coal fired power plants; and the catalysts business creates efficiency of natural resources through more usable products from a single barrel of oil, enables safer, greener production of alkylates used to produce more environmentally-friendly fuels, and reduced emissions through cleaner transportation fuels. we believe our disciplined cost reduction efforts and ongoing productivity improvements, among other factors, position us well to take advantage of strengthening economic conditions as they occur, while softening the negative impact of the current challenging global economic environment.
2022 highlights
•in the first quarter of 2022, we increased our quarterly dividend for the 29th consecutive year, to $0.395 per share.
•in january 2022, we signed a joint development agreement with 6k to explore the use of 6k's patented unimelt® advanced, sustainable materials production platform to develop novel lithium battery materials through potentially disruptive manufacturing processes.
•in february 2022, we announced that we signed a non-binding letter agreement with our marbl joint venture partner, mrl, to explore a potential expansion of the marbl joint venture, in an effort to expand lithium conversion capacity with increased optionality and reduced risk.
•in may 2022, we issued $1.7 billion of senior notes pursuant to an underwritten public offering. the proceeds from this issuance were used to redeem the 4.15% senior notes due in 2024 (the "2024 notes"), repay the balance of commercial paper outstanding and for general corporate purposes.
•production of spodumene concentrate from the first and second trains at the wodgina mine managed by our 60%-owned marbl joint venture was achieved in may and july of this year, respectively.
•we announced plans to build integrated lithium operations in the united states, including the kings mountain, north carolina spodumene mine and a lithium conversion plant in the southeast.
•we announced the conclusion of our strategic review of the catalysts business. as a result of the review, we chose to retain the business under a separate, wholly-owned subsidiary of albemarle that has been renamed ketjen in 2023. this structure is intended to allow the catalysts business to respond to unique customer needs and global market dynamics more effectively while also achieving its growth ambitions.
•we announced the realignment of our lithium and bromine global business units into a new corporate structure designed to better meet customer needs and foster talent required to deliver in a competitive global environment. the realignment was effective january 1, 2023, and resulted in the following three reportable segments: (1) energy storage; (2) specialties; and (3) ketjen (catalysts).
•in october 2022, we announced that we have been awarded a nearly $150 million grant from the u.s. department of energy to expand domestic manufacturing of batteries for evs and the electric grid and for materials and components albemarle corporation and subsidiaries currently imported from other countries. the grant funding is intended to support a portion of the anticipated cost to construct a new, commercial-scale u.s.-based lithium concentrator facility at our kings mountain, north carolina, location.
•in october 2022, we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding equity of qinzhou, for approximately $200 million in cash. qinzhou's operations include a recently constructed lithium processing plant strategically positioned near the port of qinzhou in guangxi, which began commercial production in the first half of 2022. the plant has designed annual conversion capacity of up to 25,000 metric tonnes of lce and is capable of producing battery-grade lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide.
•in december 2022, we unveiled a groundbreaking product, mercloktm, which captures mercury from soil and mining waste, helping to remove this harmful element from the food chain.
•in december 2022, we announced the acquisition of a location in charlotte, north carolina, where we intend to invest at least $180 million to establish the albemarle technology park, a world-class facility designed for novel materials research, advanced process development, and acceleration of next-generation lithium products to market. we anticipate that innovations from the new site will enhance lithium recovery, improve production methods, and introduce new forms of lithium to enable breakthrough levels of battery performance. in addition, we anticipate the creation of at least 200 jobs at the site.
•we achieved net income of $2.7 billion during 2022 compared to $123.7 million for 2021. the increase in 2022 net income was primarily driven by increased lithium prices reflecting tight market conditions and greater volumes sold under index-referenced and variable-based contracts.
•cash flows from operations in 2022 were $1.9 billion compared to $344.3 million in 2021.
outlook the current global business environment presents a diverse set of opportunities and challenges in the markets we serve. in particular, the market for lithium battery and energy storage, particularly for electric vehicles ("evs"), remains strong, providing the opportunity to continue to develop high quality and innovative products while managing the high cost of expanding capacity. the other markets we serve continue to present various opportunities for value and growth as we have positioned ourselves to manage the impact on our business of changing global conditions, such as slow and uneven global growth, currency exchange volatility, crude oil price fluctuation, a dynamic pricing environment, an ever-changing landscape in electronics, the continuous need for cutting edge catalysts and technology by our refinery customers and increasingly stringent environmental standards. amidst these dynamics, we believe our business fundamentals are sound and that we are strategically well-positioned as we remain focused on increasing sales volumes, optimizing and improving the value of our portfolio primarily through pricing and product development, managing costs and delivering value to our customers and shareholders. we believe that our businesses remain well-positioned to capitalize on new business opportunities and long-term trends driving growth within our end markets and to respond quickly to changes in economic conditions in these markets.
beginning in the first quarter of 2023, the chief operating decision maker began evaluating performance, forecasting and making resource allocation decisions based on our previously announced realignment of the lithium and bromine global business units. the new corporate structure was designed to better meet customer needs and foster talent required to deliver in a competitive global environment. the realignment resulted in the following three reportable segments: (1) energy storage; (2) specialties; and (3) ketjen (catalysts). the below segment outlook is presented in the new segment structure based on how the chief operating decision maker started reviewing the business starting in 2023.
energy storage: we expect energy storage results to increase year-over-year in 2023, mainly due to increased pricing as well as higher sales volume. the increased market pricing reflects tight market conditions, primarily in battery- and tech-grade carbonate and hydroxide, as well as renegotiations of certain of our long-term agreements. since the beginning of 2022 market indices have increased 70% to 200%. some of our renegotiated contracts include higher prices on existing long-term agreements that are more reflective of current market conditions. in other cases, we have moved from previous fixed-price, long-term agreements towards index-referenced and variable-priced contracts. as a result, our energy storage business is more aligned with changes in market and index pricing than it has been in the past. while we expect these prices to remain strong throughout the year, a material decline in these market prices would have a negative impact on our outlook. the increased sales volume is primarily expected from new capacity coming on line from la negra, chile, kemerton, western australia, and the recently completed acquisition of qinzhou, which includes a lithium hydroxide conversion plant designed to produce up to 25,000 metric tons of lce per year. while we ramp up our new capacity, we will continue to utilize tolling arrangements to meet growing customer demand. ev sales are expected to continue to increase over the prior year as the lithium battery market remains strong.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries we announced agreements for a strategic investment in china with plans to build a battery grade lithium conversion plant in meishan initially targeting 50,000 metric tons of lce per year. construction of the meishan facility is currently underway and is expected to be complete by the end of 2024. in addition, production of spodumene concentrate from the first and second trains at the wodgina mine managed by our 60%-owned marbl joint venture was achieved in may and july of this year, respectively. in february 2022, we announced that we signed a non-binding letter agreement with our marbl joint venture partner, mrl, to explore a potential expansion of the marbl joint venture, in an effort to expand lithium conversion capacity with increased optionality and reduced risk.
on a longer-term basis, we believe that demand for lithium will continue to grow as new lithium applications advance and the use of plug-in hybrid electric vehicles and full battery electric vehicles increases. this demand for lithium is supported by a favorable backdrop of steadily declining lithium-ion battery costs, increasing battery performance, continuing significant investments in the battery and ev supply chain by cathode and battery producers and automotive oems and favorable global public policy toward e-mobility/renewable energy usage. our outlook is also bolstered by long-term supply agreements with key strategic customers, reflecting our standing as a preferred global lithium partner, highlighted by our scale, access to geographically diverse, low-cost resources and long-term track record of reliability of supply and operating execution.
specialties: we expect both net sales and profitability to increase in 2023 due to strength in demand across our product portfolio that benefits from diverse end markets. one anticipated contributor to growth is the december 2022 launch of merclok, a groundbreaking new bromine-based product that sequesters elemental and ionic mercury in the environment. volumes are expected to increase compared to 2022 due to the continued successful execution of growth projects, assuming continued availability of raw materials like chlorine. in addition, specialties' ongoing cost savings initiatives and higher pricing are expected to offset higher freight and raw material costs such as lithium chloride.
on a longer-term basis, we continue to believe that improving global standards of living, widespread digitization, increasing demand for data management capacity and the potential for increasingly stringent fire safety regulations in developing markets are likely to drive continued demand for fire safety products. we are focused on profitably growing our globally competitive bromine and derivatives production network to serve all major bromine consuming products and markets. the combination of our solid, long-term business fundamentals, strong cost position, product innovations and effective management of raw material costs should enable us to manage our business through end-market challenges and to capitalize on opportunities that are expected with favorable market trends in select end markets.
ketjen (catalysts): total ketjen results in 2023 are expected to increase year-over-year despite inflationary pressures in freight and input costs, including the volatility of natural gas pricing in europe related to the war in ukraine. these higher costs are expected to be offset by higher pricing in refining markets. volume is expected to grow across each of the ketjen businesses. the fluidized catalytic cracking ("fcc") market has recovered from the covid-19 pandemic as a result of increased travel and depletion of global gasoline inventories. hydroprocessing catalysts ("hpc") demand tends to be lumpier than fcc demand, but is expected to see a prolonged recovery due to refineries pushing out turnarounds. in addition, the ketjen business is seeking contingent business interruption insurance settlements for lost income from 2019 to 2022 due to multiple incidents with one of its customers. if we prevail with these claims, we could receive these settlements in multiple distributions in 2023, totaling up to an additional $47 million. our decision to retain this business as a separate, wholly-owned subsidiary is intended to better meet customer needs and foster talent required to deliver in a competitive global environment.
on a longer-term basis, we believe increased global demand for transportation fuels, new refinery start-ups and ongoing adoption of cleaner fuels will be the primary drivers of growth in our ketjen business. we believe delivering superior end-use performance continues to be the most effective way to create sustainable value in the refinery catalysts industry. we also believe our technologies continue to provide significant performance and financial benefits to refiners challenged to meet tighter regulations around the world, including those managing new contaminants present in north america tight oil, and those in the middle east and asia seeking to use heavier feedstock while pushing for higher propylene yields. longer-term, we believe that the global crude supply will get heavier and more sour, a trend that bodes well for our catalysts portfolio. with superior technology and production capacities, and expected growth in end market demand, we believe that ketjen remains well-positioned for the future. in performance catalyst solutions ("pcs"), we expect growth on a longer-term basis in our organometallics business due to growing global demand for plastics driven by rising standards of living and infrastructure spending.
corporate: we continue to focus on cash generation, working capital management and process efficiencies. we expect our global effective tax rate will vary based on the locales in which income is actually earned and remains subject to potential volatility from changing legislation in the united states, such as the inflation reduction act and the chips and science act of 2022, and other tax jurisdictions.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries actuarial gains and losses related to our defined benefit pension and opeb plan obligations are reflected in corporate as a component of non-operating pension and opeb plan costs under mark-to-market accounting. results for the year ended december 31, 2022 include an actuarial gain of $37.0 million ($26.5 million after income taxes), as compared to a loss of $56.9 million ($43.6 million after income taxes) for the year ended december 31, 2021.
we remain committed to evaluating the merits of any opportunities that may arise for acquisitions or other business development activities that will complement our business footprint. additional information regarding our products, markets and financial performance is provided at our website, www.albemarle.com. our website is not a part of this document nor is it incorporated herein by reference.
results of operations the following data and discussion provides an analysis of certain significant factors affecting our results of operations during the periods included in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.
discussion of our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 can be found in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
comparison of 2022 to 2021
selected financial data net sales in thousands                                                                                         2022                                                                                                        2021                                                                                                    $ change                                                                                                    % change net sales                                                                    $7,320,104                                                                                                  $3,327,957                                                                                                  $3,992,147                                                                                                         120                 %
•$3.5 billion of favorable pricing from each of our businesses, primarily in lithium•$698.6 million of higher sales volume from each of our businesses, primarily in lithium•$75.1 million decrease in net sales following the sale of the fcs business on june 1, 2021•$177.8 million of unfavorable currency translation resulting from the stronger u.s. dollar against various currencies gross profit in thousands                                                                                         2022                                                                                                        2021                                                                                                    $ change                                                                                                    % change gross profit                                                                 $3,074,587                                                                                                    $997,971                                                                                                  $2,076,616                                                                                                         208                 %
gross profit margin                                                                42.0                 %                                                                                      30.0                 %
•favorable pricing impacts and higher sales volume in all businesses, primarily in lithium•increased commission expenses in chile resulting from the higher pricing in lithium•increased utility costs, primarily natural gas in europe, and freight costs in each of our businesses•unfavorable currency exchange impacts resulting from the stronger u.s. dollar against various currencies selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses in thousands                                                                                                                                                                             2022                                                                                                                                                                                            2021                                                                                                                                                                                        $ change                                                                                                                                                                                        % change selling, general and administrative expenses                                                                                                         $524,145                                                                                                                                                                                        $441,482                                                                                                                                                                                         $82,663                                                                                                                                                                                              19                               %
percentage of net sales                                                                                                                                   7.2                               %                                                                                                                                                            13.3                               %
•higher compensation, including incentive-based, expenses across all businesses and corporate•increase in professional fees for various growth and improvement projects•partially offset by productivity improvements and a reduction in administrative costs•2021 included a $20.0 million charitable contribution, using a portion of the proceeds received from the fcs divestiture, to the albemarle foundation, in addition to the normal annual contributions•2021 also included $11.5 million of legal fees related to a legacy rockwood legal matter and $9.8 million of expenses in 2021 primarily related to non-routine labor and compensation related costs that are outside normal compensation arrangements albemarle corporation and subsidiaries research and development expenses in thousands                                        2022                            2021                        $ change                      % change research and development expenses           $71,981                         $54,026                         $17,955                            33    %
percentage of net sales                         1.0    %                        1.6    %
•increased research and development spending in each of our businesses loss (gain) on sale of business/interest in properties, net in thousands                                                                                                        2022                                                                                                              2021                                                                                                          $ change                                                                                                          % change loss (gain) on sale of business/interest in properties, net                                    $8,400                                                                                                        $(295,971)                                                                                                          $304,371
•2022 expense related to cost overruns for mrl's 40% interest in lithium hydroxide conversion assets being built in kemerton, western australia•2021 included a gain of $428.4 million resulting from the sale of the fcs business on june 1, 2021•a $132.4 million expense related to cost overruns for mrl's 40% interest in lithium hydroxide conversion assets being built in kemerton in 2021
interest and financing expenses in thousands                                                                                                2022                                                                                                        2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $ change                                                                                                                                                                                                                % change interest and financing expenses                                                                             $(122,973)                                                                                                                                                                                                              $(61,476)                                                                                                                                                                                                               $(61,497)                                                                                                   100                                                                                                                                                                                 %
•2022 included a $19.2 million loss on early extinguishment of debt, representing the tender premiums, fees, unamortized discounts, unamortized deferred financing costs and accelerated amortization of the interest rate swapbalance from the redemption of debt during the second quarter of 2022•2022 also included an expense of $17.5 million related to the correction of out of period errors regarding overstatedcapitalized interest values in prior periods•2021 included a $29.0 million loss on early extinguishment of debt, representing the tender premiums, fees,unamortized discounts and unamortized deferred financing costs from the redemption of debt during the first quarterof 2021•increased debt balance during 2022 compared to 2021 following the issuance of $1.7 billion in new senior notes other income (expenses), net in thousands                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $ change                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              % change other income (expenses), net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $86,356                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            $(603,340)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $689,696                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (114)                                                                                        %
•2021 included $657.4 million of additional expense recorded following the settlement of an arbitration ruling for a prior legal matter. see note 17, "commitments and contingencies," to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for further details•$39.4 million of indemnification expenses in 2021 primarily to revise an indemnification estimate for an ongoing tax-related matter of a previously disposed business in germany•$21.8 million increase in foreign exchange losses•$5.3 million increase in income from accretion of discount in preferred equity of grace subsidiary acquired as a portion of the proceeds of the fcs sale•$57.0 million of pension and opeb credits (including mark-to-market actuarial gains of $37.0 million) in 2022 as compared to $78.8 million of pension and opeb credits (including mark-to-market actuarial gains of $56.9 million) in 2021•the mark-to-market actuarial gain in 2022 is primarily attributable to a significant increase in the weighted-average discount rate to 5.46% from 2.86% for our u.s. pension plans and to 4.04% from 1.44% for our foreign pension plans to reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2022 measurement date. this was partially offset by a lower return on pension plan assets in 2022 than was expected, as a result of overall market and investment portfolio performance. the weighted-average actual return on our u.s. and foreign pension plan assets was (17.94)% versus an expected return of 6.48%.•the mark-to-market actuarial loss in 2021 is primarily attributable to a higher return on pension plan assets in 2021 than was expected, as a result of overall market and investment portfolio performance. the weighted-average actual return on our u.s. and foreign pension plan assets was 8.42% versus an expected return of 6.50%. in addition, there was an increase in the weighted-average discount rate to 2.86% from 2.50% for our u.s. pension plans and to 1.44% from 0.86% for our foreign pension plans to reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2021 measurement date.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries income tax expense in thousands                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            $ change                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            % change income tax expense                                                                                                                                                                                                         $390,588                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             $29,446                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            $361,142                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               1,226                                             %
effective income tax rate                                                                                                                                                                                                      16.1                                             %                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  22.0                                             %
•2022 includes a $91.8 million tax benefit resulting from the release of a valuation allowance in australia, a $72.6 million benefit resulting from foreign-derived intangible income, partially offset by a $50.6 million current year tax reserve related to an uncertain tax position in chile•change in geographic mix in earnings in 2022•2021 included $148.9 million tax benefit resulting from an accrual recorded following an arbitration ruling related to a prior legal matter. see note 17, "commitments and contingencies," to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for further details•$97.5 million one-time tax expense recorded for the gain on the sale of the fcs business in 2021•$27.9 million discrete tax benefit recorded in 2021 related to the indemnification estimate of an ongoing tax-related matter in germany•2021 included a discrete tax expense due to an out-of-period adjustment for an overstated deferred tax liability recorded during the three-month period ended december 31, 2017
equity in net income of unconsolidated investments in thousands                                                                    2022                                                        2021                                                    $ change                                                    % change equity in net income of unconsolidated investments                $772,275                                                     $95,770                                                    $676,505                                                         706         %
•increased earnings due to strong pricing and volume increases from the talison joint venture•$10.9 million of favorable foreign exchange impacts from the talison joint venture net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in thousands                                                2022                  2021                                                    $ change                              % change net income attributable to noncontrolling interests         $(125,315)                              $(76,270)                             $(49,045)           64                            %
▪increase in consolidated income related to our jbc joint venture due to favorable pricing net income attributable to albemarle corporation in thousands                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  $ change                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  % change net income attributable to albemarle corporation                                                                                                                                                                              $2,689,816                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  $123,672                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $2,566,144                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2,075                                              %
percentage of net sales                                                                                                                                                                                                             36.7                                              %                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        3.7                                              %
basic earnings per share                                                                                                                                                                                                          $22.97                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $1.07                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $21.90                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2,047                                              %
diluted earnings per share                                                                                                                                                                                                        $22.84                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $1.06                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $21.78                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2,055                                              %
▪favorable pricing and increased sales volume in all businesses, particularly in lithium▪increased earnings from talison joint venture▪productivity improvements and a reduction in administrative costs▪increased commission expenses in chile resulting from the higher pricing in lithium▪$504.5 million, net of income taxes, of additional expense recorded following the settlement of an arbitration ruling for a prior legal matter in 2021▪gain on sale of fcs business of $330.9 million, net of tax in 2021▪$132.4 million expense related to cost overruns for mrl's 40% interest in lithium hydroxide conversion assets being built in kemerton in 2021▪increased utility, primarily natural gas in europe, and freight costs in each of our businesses▪increased sg&amp;a expenses, primarily related to increased compensation expense▪increased interest and financing expenses due to higher debt balances▪mark-to-market actuarial gains of $26.5 million, net of income taxes, recorded in 2022 compared to mark-to-market actuarial gains of $43.6 million, net of income taxes, recorded in 2021
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax in thousands                                             2022                                                     2021                                                                                                                                                                       $ change                                                                                                          % change other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax            $(168,295)                                                                                                        $(66,478)                                                                                                         $(101,817)                                               153                                                                                            %
•foreign currency translation                            $(171,295)                                                                                                        $(74,385)                                                                                                         $(96,910)                                                130                                                                                            %
▪2022 included unfavorable movements in the chinese renminbi of approximately $74 million, the euro of approximately $64 million, the japanese yen of approximately $14 million, the taiwanese dollar of approximately $9 million, the south korean won of approximately $5 million and the net unfavorable variance in other currencies totaling approximately $6 million
▪2022 included a $0.9 million gain compared to a loss of $5.4 million in 2021, representing adjustments to the fair value of our available-for-sale debt securities
▪2021 included unfavorable movements in the euro of approximately $62 million, the japanese yen of approximately $8 million, the brazilian real of approximately $5 million, the south korean won of approximately $4 million and the net unfavorable variance in other currencies totaling approximately $5 million, partially offset by favorable movements in the chinese renminbi of approximately $10 million
•net investment hedge                                    $-                                                                                                                $5,110                                                                                                            $(5,110)                                                                                                          (100)                                 %
•cash flow hedge                                         $(4,399)                                                                                                          $174                                                                                                              $(4,573)                                                                                                          *
•interest rate swap                                      $7,399                                                                                                            $2,623                                                                                                            $4,776                                                   182                                                                                            %
▪accelerated the amortization of the remaining interest rate swap balance in 2022 as a result of the repayment of the 4.15% senior notes in 2024
•percentage calculation is not meaningful segment information overview. we have identified three reportable segments according to the nature and economic characteristics of our products as well as the manner in which the information is used internally by the company's chief operating decision maker to evaluate performance and make resource allocation decisions. during 2022, our reportable business segments consisted of: (1) lithium, (2) bromine and (3) catalysts.
summarized financial information concerning our reportable segments is shown in the following tables. the "all other" category included only the fcs business that did not fit into any of the company's core businesses. on june 1, 2021, the company completed the sale of the fcs business. amounts in the "all other" category represent activity in this business until divested on june 1, 2021.
the corporate category is not considered to be a segment and includes corporate-related items not allocated to the operating segments. pension and opeb service cost (which represents the benefits earned by active employees during the period) and amortization of prior service cost or benefit are allocated to the reportable segments, all other, and corporate, whereas the remaining components of pension and opeb benefits cost or credit ("non-operating pension and opeb items") are included in corporate. segment data includes intersegment transfers of raw materials at cost and allocations for certain corporate costs.
our chief operating decision maker uses adjusted ebitda (as defined below) to assess the ongoing performance of the company's business segments and to allocate resources. we define adjusted ebitda as earnings before interest and financing expenses, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, as adjusted on a consistent basis for certain non-operating, non-recurring or unusual items in a balanced manner and on a segment basis. these non-operating, non-recurring or unusual items may include acquisition and integration-related costs, gains or losses on sales of businesses, restructuring charges, facility divestiture charges, certain litigation and arbitration costs and charges, non-operating pension and opeb items and other significant non-recurring items. in addition, management uses adjusted ebitda for business planning purposes and as a significant component in the calculation of performance-based compensation for management and other employees. we reported adjusted ebitda because management believes it provides transparency to investors and enables period-to-period comparability of financial performance. total adjusted ebitda is a financial measure that is not required by, or presented in accordance with, the generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("u.s. gaap"). adjusted ebitda should not be considered as an alternative to net (loss) income attributable to albemarle corporation, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and reported in accordance with u.s. gaap, or any other financial measure reported in accordance with u.s. gaap.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries year ended december 31,                   percentage change
2022                                               %                            2021                           %                       2022 vs. 2021
(in thousands, except percentages)
net sales:
lithium                                   $5,008,850                      68.4   %                  $1,363,284                        41.0   %                         267       %
bromine                                    1,411,682                      19.3   %                   1,128,343                        33.9   %                          25       %
catalysts                                    899,572                      12.3   %                     761,235                        22.9   %                          18       %
all other                                          -                         -   %                      75,095                         2.2   %                       (100)       %
total net sales                           $7,320,104                     100.0   %                  $3,327,957                       100.0   %                         120       %
adjusted ebitda:
lithium                                   $3,102,662                      89.3   %                    $479,538                        55.1   %                         547       %
bromine                                      456,916                      13.1   %                     360,682                        41.4   %                          27       %
catalysts                                     28,732                       0.8   %                     106,941                        12.3   %                        (73)       %
all other                                          -                         -   %                      29,858                         3.4   %                       (100)       %
corporate                                  (112,453)                     (3.2)   %                   (106,045)                      (12.2)   %                           6       %
total adjusted ebitda                     $3,475,857                     100.0   %                    $870,974                       100.0   %                         299       %
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries see below for a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda, the non-gaap financial measure, from net income attributable to albemarle corporation, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and reported in accordance with u.s. gaap, (in thousands):
lithium              bromine            catalysts           all other                   corporate         consolidated total
2022
net income (loss) attributable to albemarle corporation              $2,903,076           $402,820           $(27,104)           $-                   $(588,976)              $2,689,816
depreciation and amortization                                        189,347              54,096             51,417              -                         5,981                 300,841
loss on sale of interest in properties(a)                            8,400                -                  -                   -                             -                   8,400
acquisition and integration related costs(b)                         -                    -                  -                   -                        16,259                  16,259
interest and financing expenses(c)                                   -                    -                  -                   -                       122,973                 122,973
income tax expense                                                   -                    -                  -                   -                       390,588                 390,588
non-operating pension and opeb items                                 -                    -                  -                   -                      (57,032)                (57,032)
other(d)                                                             1,839                -                  4,419               -                       (2,246)                   4,012
adjusted ebitda                                                      $3,102,662           $456,916           $28,732             $-                   $(112,453)              $3,475,857
2021
net income (loss) attributable to albemarle corporation              $192,244             $309,501           $55,353             $27,988              $(461,414)                $123,672
depreciation and amortization                                        138,772              51,181             51,588              1,870                    10,589                 254,000
restructuring and other(e)                                           -                    -                  -                   -                         3,027                   3,027
loss (gain) on sale of business/interest in properties, net(f)       132,400              -                  -                   -                     (428,371)               (295,971)
acquisition and integration related costs(b)                         -                    -                  -                   -                        12,670                  12,670
interest and financing expenses(c)                                   -                    -                  -                   -                        61,476                  61,476
income tax expense                                                   -                    -                  -                   -                        29,446                  29,446
non-operating pension and opeb items                                 -                    -                  -                   -                      (78,814)                (78,814)
legal accrual(g)                                                     -                    -                  -                   -                       657,412                 657,412
albemarle foundation contribution(h)                                 -                    -                  -                   -                        20,000                  20,000
indemnification adjustments(i)                                       -                    -                  -                   -                        39,381                  39,381
other(j)                                                             16,122               -                  -                   -                        28,553                  44,675
adjusted ebitda                                                      $479,538             $360,682           $106,941            $29,858              $(106,045)                $870,974
(a)expense recorded as a result of revised estimates of the obligation to construct certain lithium hydroxide conversion assets in kemerton, western australia, due to cost overruns from supply chain, labor and covid-19 pandemic related issues. the corresponding obligation was recorded in accrued liabilities to be transferred to mineral resources limited ("mrl"), which maintains a 40% ownership interest in these kemerton assets.
(b)see note 2, "acquisitions," for additional information.
(c)included in interest and financing expenses is a loss on early extinguishment of debt of $19.2 million and $29.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. see note 14, "long-term debt," for additional information. in addition, interest and financing expenses for the year ended december 31, 2022 includes the correction of an out of period error of $17.5 million related to the overstatement of capitalized interest in prior periods.
(d)included amounts for the year ended december 31, 2022 recorded in:
•cost of goods sold - $2.7 million of expense related to one-time retention payments for certain employees during the catalysts strategic review and business unit realignment, and $0.5 million related to the settlement of a legal matter resulting from a prior acquisition.
•sg&a - $4.3 million related to facility closure expenses of offices in germany, $2.8 million of charges for environmental reserves at sites not part of our operations, $2.8 million of shortfall contributions for our multiemployer plan financial improvement plan, $1.9 million of expense primarily related to one-time retention payments for certain employees during the catalysts strategic review, partially offset by $4.3 million of gains from the sale of legacy properties not part of our operations.
•other income (expenses), net - $4.3 million net gain related to the fair value adjustment of equity securities in a public company, a $3.0 million gain from the reversal of a liability related to a previous divestiture, a $2.0 million gain relating to the adjustment of an environmental reserve at non-operating businesses we have previously divested and a $0.6 million gain related to a albemarle corporation and subsidiaries settlement received from a legal matter in a prior period, partially offset by a $3.2 million loss resulting from the adjustment of indemnification related to previously disposed businesses.
(e)in 2021, we recorded facility closure related to offices in germany, and severance expenses in germany and belgium, in sg&a.
(f)includes a $428.4 million gain related to the fcs divestiture recorded during the year ended december 31, 2021. in addition, includes a $132.4 million expense related to anticipated cost overruns for mrl's 40% interest in lithium hydroxide conversion assets being built in kemerton.
(g)loss recorded in other income (expenses), net for the year ended december 31, 2021 related to the settlement of an arbitration ruling for a prior legal matter. see note 17, "commitments and contingencies," for further details.
(h)included in sg&a is a charitable contribution, using a portion of the proceeds received from the fcs divestiture, to the albemarle foundation, a non-profit organization that sponsors grants, health and social projects, educational initiatives, disaster relief, matching gift programs, scholarships and other charitable initiatives in locations where the company's employees live and the company operates. this contribution is in addition to the normal annual contribution made to the albemarle foundation by the company, and is significant in size and nature in that it is intended to provide more long-term benefits in these communities.
(i)included in other income (expenses), net to revise an indemnification estimate for an ongoing tax-related matter of a previously disposed business in germany. a corresponding discrete tax benefit of $27.9 million was recorded in income tax expense during the same period, netting to an expected cash obligation of approximately $11.5 million.
(j)included amounts for the year ended december 31, 2021 recorded in:
•cost of goods sold - $10.5 million of expense related to a legal matter as part of a prior acquisition in our lithium business.
•sg&a - $11.5 million of legal fees related to a legacy rockwood legal matter noted above, $9.8 million of expenses primarily related to non-routine labor and compensation related costs that are outside normal compensation arrangements, a $4.0 million loss resulting from the sale of property, plant and equipment and $3.8 million of charges for environmental reserves at a sites not part of our operations.
•other income (expenses), net - $4.8 million of net expenses primarily related to asset retirement obligation charges to update of an estimate at a site formerly owned by albemarle.
lithium in thousands                                                                                                                                         2022                                                                                                                                                        2021                                                                                                                                                    $ change                                                                                                                                                    % change net sales                                                                                                            $5,008,850                                                                                                                                                  $1,363,284                                                                                                                                                  $3,645,566                                                                                                                                                         267                         %
▪$3.2 billion of favorable pricing impacts, reflecting tight market conditions, primarily in battery- and tech-grade carbonate and hydroxide, as well as greater volumes sold under index-referenced and variable-priced contracts, and mix▪$549.2 million of higher sales volume, driven by the la negra iii/iv expansion in chile and increased tolling volume to meet growing customer demand▪$133.1 million of unfavorable currency translation resulting from the stronger u.s. dollar against various currencies adjusted ebitda                                                                                                      $3,102,662                                                                                                                                                    $479,538                                                                                                                                                  $2,623,124                                                                                                                                                         547                         %
•favorable pricing impacts and higher sales volume•higher equity in net income from the talison joint venture, driven by increased pricing and sales volume•savings from designed productivity improvements•increased commission expenses in chile resulting from the higher pricing in lithium•increased sg&amp;a expenses from higher compensation and other administrative costs•increased utility and freight costs•increased spending for investments to support business growth•$2.2 million of unfavorable currency translation resulting from a stronger chilean peso bromine in thousands                                                                                                                                         2022                                                                                                                                                        2021                                                                                                                                                    $ change                                                                                                                                                    % change net sales                                                                                                            $1,411,682                                                                                                                                                  $1,128,343                                                                                                                                                    $283,339                                                                                                                                                          25                         %
•$260.6 million of favorable pricing impacts, primarily in the fire safety solutions division•$49.8 million of higher sales volume related to increased demand across all products•$26.9 million of unfavorable currency translation resulting from the stronger u.s. dollar against various currencies adjusted ebitda                                                                                                        $456,916                                                                                                                                                    $360,682                                                                                                                                                     $96,234                                                                                                                                                          27                         %
•favorable pricing impacts and higher sales volume•increased freight costs, partially due to trucker strikes in jordan during the fourth quarter of 2022•increased utility costs and raw material prices, primarily due to the higher costs of bisphenol a (bpa)•increased sg&amp;a expenses from higher compensation costs•2021 included higher production and utility costs of approximately $6 million resulting from the u.s. gulf coast winter storm•$19.9 million of unfavorable currency translation resulting from the stronger u.s. dollar against various currencies albemarle corporation and subsidiaries catalysts in thousands                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $ change                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              % change net sales                                                                                                                                                                                         $899,572                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $761,235                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $138,337                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    18                                        %
•$99.7 million of higher sales volume, primarily from the timing of clean fuel technologies sales, which has lumpier demand; sales volume was negatively affected by the impacts of a winter freeze in the u.s. during the fourth quarter of 2022•$56.5 million of favorable pricing impacts, primarily in clean fuel technologies and pcs•$17.8 million of unfavorable currency translation resulting from the stronger u.s. dollar against various currencies adjusted ebitda                                                                                                                                                                                    $28,732                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $106,941                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             $(78,209)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (73)                                        %
•increased utility costs, primarily natural gas in europe•increased raw material and freight costs•higher sales volume and favorable pricing impacts; adjusted ebitda was negatively affected by the impacts of a winter freeze in the u.s. during the fourth quarter of 2022•2022 benefited from $7 million of government grants from the netherlands in response to losses during the covid-19 pandemic as compared to $19 million of these grants in 2021•recorded $10 million gain from contingent business interruption insurance settlements resulting from lost income during 2019 to 2022 due to multiple incidents at one of its customers•2021 included higher production and utility costs of approximately $16 million resulting from the u.s. gulf coast winter storm•2021 included a $3.1 million out-of-period adjustment expense recorded in cost of goods sold to correct inventory foreign exchange values relating to prior year periods all other in thousands            2022              2021                                                           $ change                            % change net sales               $-                                    $75,095                             $(75,095)                               (100)     %
▪decreased volume resulting from the sale of the fcs business in the second quarter of 2021
adjusted ebitda         $-                                    $29,858                             $(29,858)                               (100)     %
▪decreased volume resulting from the sale of the fcs business in the second quarter of 2021
corporate in thousands                        2022                                2021                                                                                                        $ change                                                                % change adjusted ebitda                     $(112,453)                                                              $(106,045)                                                              $(6,408)                            6                                                           %
▪increase in compensation costs, including incentive-based compensation▪$10.9 million of unfavorable currency exchange impacts, including a $10.9 million increase in foreign currency impacts from our talison joint venture summary of critical accounting policies and estimates estimates, assumptions and reclassifications the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. listed below are the estimates and assumptions that we consider to be critical in the preparation of our financial statements.
property, plant and equipment. we assign the useful lives of our property, plant and equipment based upon our internal engineering estimates which are reviewed periodically. the estimated useful lives of our property, plant and equipment range from two to sixty years and depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, with the exception of our mineral rights and reserves, which are depleted on a units-of-production method. we evaluate the recovery of our property, plant and equipment by comparing the net carrying value of the asset group to the undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated from the use and eventual disposition of that asset group when events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. if the carrying amount of the asset group is not recoverable, the fair value of the asset group is measured and if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized.
acquisition method of accounting. we recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition for acquired businesses. determining the fair value of these items requires management's judgment and the utilization of independent valuation albemarle corporation and subsidiaries specialists and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash flows and discount rates, among other items. when acquiring mineral reserves, the fair value is estimated using an excess earnings approach, which requires management to estimate future cash flows, net of capital investments in the specific operation. management's cash flow projections involved the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the expected production of the mine over the estimated time period, sales prices, shipment volumes, and expected profit margins. the present value of the projected net cash flows represents the preliminary fair value assigned to mineral reserves. the discount rate is a significant assumption used in the valuation model. the judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the investee, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, can materially impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. for more information on our acquisitions and application of the acquisition method, see note 2, "acquisitions," to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
income taxes. we assume the deductibility of certain costs in our income tax filings, and we estimate the future recovery of deferred tax assets, uncertain tax positions and indefinite investment assertions.
environmental remediation liabilities. we estimate and accrue the costs required to remediate a specific site depending on site-specific facts and circumstances. cost estimates to remediate each specific site are developed by assessing (i) the scope of our contribution to the environmental matter, (ii) the scope of the anticipated remediation and monitoring plan and (iii) the extent of other parties' share of responsibility.
actual results could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions that we use in the preparation of our financial statements.
revenue recognition revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods or providing services, and is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied under the terms of contracts with our customers. a performance obligation is deemed to be satisfied when control of the product or service is transferred to our customer. the transaction price of a contract, or the amount we expect to receive upon satisfaction of all performance obligations, is determined by reference to the contract's terms and includes adjustments, if applicable, for any variable consideration, such as customer rebates, noncash consideration or consideration payable to the customer, although these adjustments are generally not material. where a contract contains more than one distinct performance obligation, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation based on the standalone selling price of each performance obligation, although these situations do not occur frequently and are generally not built into our contracts. any unsatisfied performance obligations are not material. standalone selling prices are based on prices we charge to our customers, which in some cases are based on established market prices. sales and other similar taxes collected from customers on behalf of third parties are excluded from revenue. our payment terms are generally between 30 to 90 days, however, they vary by market factors, such as customer size, creditworthiness, geography and competitive environment.
all of our revenue is derived from contracts with customers, and almost all of our contracts with customers contain one performance obligation for the transfer of goods where such performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time. control of a product is deemed to be transferred to the customer upon shipment or delivery. significant portions of our sales are sold free on board shipping point or on an equivalent basis, while delivery terms of other transactions are based upon specific contractual arrangements. our standard terms of delivery are generally included in our contracts of sale, order confirmation documents and invoices, while the timing between shipment and delivery generally ranges between 1 and 45 days. costs for shipping and handling activities, whether performed before or after the customer obtains control of the goods, are accounted for as fulfillment costs.
the company currently utilizes the following practical expedients, as permitted by accounting standards codification ("asc") 606, revenue from contracts with customers:
•all sales and other pass-through taxes are excluded from contract value;
•in utilizing the modified retrospective transition method, no adjustment was necessary for contracts that did not cross over the reporting year;
•we will not consider the possibility of a contract having a significant financing component (which would effectively attribute a portion of the sales price to interest income) unless, if at contract inception, the expected payment terms (from time of delivery or other relevant criterion) are more than one year;
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries
•if our right to customer payment is directly related to the value of our completed performance, we recognize revenue consistent with the invoicing right; and
•we expense as incurred all costs of obtaining a contract incremental to any costs/compensation attributable to individual product sales/shipments for contracts where the amortization period for such costs would otherwise be one year or less.
certain products we produce are made to our customer's specifications where such products have no alternative use or would need significant rework costs in order to be sold to another customer. in management's judgment, control of these arrangements is transferred to the customer at a point in time (upon shipment or delivery) and not over the time they are produced. therefore revenue is recognized upon shipment or delivery of these products.
costs incurred to obtain contracts with customers are not significant and are expensed immediately as the amortization period would be one year or less. when the company incurs pre-production or other fulfillment costs in connection with an existing or specific anticipated contract and such costs are recoverable through margin or explicitly reimbursable, such costs are capitalized and amortized to cost of goods sold on a systematic basis that is consistent with the pattern of transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates, which is less than one year. we record bad debt expense in specific situations when we determine the customer is unable to meet its financial obligation.
goodwill and other intangible assets we account for goodwill and other intangibles acquired in a business combination in conformity with current accounting guidance which requires goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets to not be amortized.
we test goodwill for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of our reporting units to the related carrying value. our reporting units are either our operating business segments or one level below our operating business segments for which discrete financial information is available and for which operating results are regularly reviewed by the business management. in applying the goodwill impairment test, we initially perform a qualitative test ("step 0"), where we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting units is less than its carrying value. qualitative factors may include, but are not limited to, economic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance of the reporting units and other entity and reporting unit specific events. if after assessing these qualitative factors, we determine it is "more-likely-than-not" that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we perform a quantitative test ("step 1"). during step 1, we estimate the fair value based on present value techniques involving future cash flows. future cash flows for all reporting units include assumptions about revenue growth rates, adjusted ebitda margins, discount rate as well as other economic or industry-related factors. for the refining solutions reporting unit, the revenue growth rates, adjusted ebitda margins and the discount rate were deemed to be significant assumptions. significant management judgment is involved in estimating these variables and they include inherent uncertainties since they are forecasting future events. we use a weighted average cost of capital ("wacc") approach to determine our discount rate for goodwill recoverability testing. our wacc calculation incorporates industry-weighted average returns on debt and equity from a market perspective. the factors in this calculation are largely external to albemarle and, therefore, are beyond our control. we perform a sensitivity analysis by using a range of inputs to confirm the reasonableness of these estimates being used in the goodwill impairment analysis. we test our recorded goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter of each year or upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting units below their carrying amounts. we performed our annual goodwill impairment test as of october 31, 2022 and no evidence of impairment was noted from the analysis. as a result, we concluded there was no impairment as of that date. however, if the adjusted ebitda or discount rate estimates for the refining solutions reporting unit negatively changed by 10%, the refining solutions fair value would be below its carrying value.
we assess our indefinite-lived intangible assets, which include trade names and trademarks, for impairment annually and between annual tests if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. the indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment standard allows us to first assess qualitative factors to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary. further testing is only required if we determine, based on the qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset's fair value is less than its carrying amount. if we determine based on the qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired, an impairment test is performed by comparing the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying amount. during the year ended december 31, 2022, no evidence of impairment was noted from the analysis for our indefinite-lived intangible assets.
definite-lived intangible assets, such as purchased technology, patents and customer lists, are amortized over their estimated useful lives generally for periods ranging from five to twenty-five years. except for customer lists and relationships associated with the majority of our lithium business, which are amortized using the pattern of economic benefit method, albemarle corporation and subsidiaries definite-lived intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method. we evaluate the recovery of our definite-lived intangible assets by comparing the net carrying value of the asset group to the undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated from the use and eventual disposition of that asset group when events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. if the carrying amount of the asset group is not recoverable, the fair value of the asset group is measured and if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized. see note 12, "goodwill and other intangibles," to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
pension plans and other postretirement benefits under authoritative accounting standards, assumptions are made regarding the valuation of benefit obligations and the performance of plan assets. as required, we recognize a balance sheet asset or liability for each of our pension and opeb plans equal to the plan's funded status as of the measurement date. the primary assumptions are as follows:
•discount rate-the discount rate is used in calculating the present value of benefits, which is based on projections of benefit payments to be made in the future.
•expected return on plan assets-we project the future return on plan assets based on prior performance and future expectations for the types of investments held by the plans as well as the expected long-term allocation of plan assets for these investments. these projected returns reduce the net benefit costs recorded currently.
•rate of compensation increase-for salary-related plans, we project employees' annual pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement.
•mortality assumptions-assumptions about life expectancy of plan participants are used in the measurement of related plan obligations.
actuarial gains and losses are recognized annually in our consolidated statements of income in the fourth quarter and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement during a fiscal year. the remaining components of pension and opeb plan expense, primarily service cost, interest cost and expected return on assets, are recorded on a monthly basis. the market-related value of assets equals the actual market value as of the date of measurement.
during 2022, we made changes to assumptions related to discount rates and expected rates of return on plan assets. we consider available information that we deem relevant when selecting each of these assumptions.
our u.s. defined benefit plans for non-represented employees are closed to new participants, with no additional benefits accruing under these plans as participants' accrued benefits have been frozen. in selecting the discount rates for the u.s. plans, we consider expected benefit payments on a plan-by-plan basis. as a result, the company uses different discount rates for each plan depending on the demographics of participants and the expected timing of benefit payments. for 2022, the discount rates were calculated using the results from a bond matching technique developed by milliman, which matched the future estimated annual benefit payments of each respective plan against a portfolio of bonds of high quality to determine the discount rate. we believe our selected discount rates are determined using preferred methodology under authoritative accounting guidance and accurately reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2022 measurement date.
in selecting the discount rates for the foreign plans, we look at long-term yields on aa-rated corporate bonds when available. our actuaries have developed yield curves based on the yields of constituent bonds in the various indices as well as on other market indicators such as swap rates, particularly at the longer durations. for the eurozone, we apply the aon hewitt yield curve to projected cash flows from the relevant plans to derive the discount rate. for the u.k., the discount rate is determined by applying the aon hewitt yield curve for typical schemes of similar duration to projected cash flows of albemarle's u.k. plan. in other countries where there is not a sufficiently deep market of high-quality corporate bonds, we set the discount rate by referencing the yield on government bonds of an appropriate duration.
at december 31, 2022, the weighted-average discount rate for the u.s. and foreign pension plans increased to 5.46% and 4.04%, respectively, from 2.86% and 1.44%, respectively, at december 31, 2021 to reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2022 measurement date. the discount rate for the opeb plans at december 31, 2022 and 2021 was 5.45% and 2.85%, respectively.
in estimating the expected return on plan assets, we consider past performance and future expectations for the types of investments held by the plan as well as the expected long-term allocations of plan assets to these investments. for the years 2022 and 2021, the weighted-average expected rate of return on u.s. pension plan assets was 6.89%, and the weighted-average expected rate of return on foreign pension plan assets was 3.85% and 3.98%, respectively. effective january 1, 2023, the weighted-average expected rate of return on u.s. and foreign pension plan assets is 6.88% and 4.86%, respectively.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries in projecting the rate of compensation increase, we consider past experience in light of changes in inflation rates. at december 31, 2022 and 2021, the assumed weighted-average rate of compensation increase was 3.67% and 3.20%, respectively, for our foreign pension plans.
for the purpose of measuring our u.s. pension and opeb obligations at december 31, 2022 and 2021, we used the pri-2012 mortality tables along with the mp-2021 mortality improvement scale, respectively, published by the soa.
at december 31, 2022, the assumed rate of increase in the pre-65 and post-65 per capita cost of covered health care benefits for u.s. retirees was zero as the employer-paid premium caps (pre-65 and post-65) were met starting january 1, 2013.
a variance in the assumptions discussed above would have an impact on the projected benefit obligations, the accrued opeb liabilities, and the annual net periodic pension and opeb cost. the following table reflects the sensitivities associated with a hypothetical change in certain assumptions, primarily in the u.s. (in thousands):
(favorable) unfavorable
1% increase                                                                      1% decrease increase (decrease)                       increase (decrease)                    increase (decrease)                       increase (decrease)
in benefit obligation                     in benefit cost                        in benefit obligation                     in benefit cost actuarial assumptions discount rate:
pension                                $(60,603)                                 $2,670                                 $71,494                                   $(3,289)
other postretirement benefits          $(2,822)                                  $158                                   $3,293                                    $(193)
expected return on plan assets:
pension                                *                                         $(5,066)                               *                                         $5,066
other postretirement benefits          *                                         $-                                     *                                         $-
* not applicable.
of the $528.1 million total pension and postretirement assets at december 31, 2022, $68.7 million, or approximately 13%, are measured using the net asset value as a practical expedient. gains or losses attributable to these assets are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as either an increase or decrease in plan assets. see note 15, "pension plans and other postretirement benefits," to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
income taxes we use the liability method for determining our income taxes, under which current and deferred tax liabilities and assets are recorded in accordance with enacted tax laws and rates. under this method, the amounts of deferred tax liabilities and assets at the end of each period are determined using the tax rate expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered. future tax benefits are recognized to the extent that realization of such benefits is more likely than not. in order to record deferred tax assets and liabilities, we are following guidance under asu 2015-17, which requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet, along with any related valuation allowance. tax effects are released from accumulated other comprehensive income using either the specific identification approach or the portfolio approach based on the nature of the underlying item.
deferred income taxes are provided for the estimated income tax effect of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets are also provided for operating losses, capital losses and certain tax credit carryovers. a valuation allowance, reducing deferred tax assets, is established when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the realization of such deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient future taxable income of the appropriate character. although realization is not assured, we do not establish a valuation allowance when we believe it is more likely than not that a net deferred tax asset will be realized. we elected to not consider the estimated impact of potential future corporate alternative minimum tax liabilities for purposes of assessing valuation allowances on its deferred tax balances.
we only recognize a tax benefit after concluding that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be sustained upon audit by the respective taxing authority based solely on the technical merits of the associated tax position. once the recognition threshold is met, we recognize a tax benefit measured as the largest amount of the tax benefit that, in our judgment, is greater than 50% likely to be realized. interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities are included in income tax expense on the consolidated statements of income.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. due to the statute of limitations, we are no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax audits by the internal revenue service ("irs") for years prior to 2019. due to the statute of limitations, we also are no longer subject to u.s. state income tax audits prior to 2017.
with respect to jurisdictions outside the u.s., several audits are in process. we have audits ongoing for the years 2011 through 2022 in germany, italy, belgium, south africa, china, canada and chile, some of which are for entities that have since been divested.
while we believe we have adequately provided for all tax positions, amounts asserted by taxing authorities could be greater than our accrued position. accordingly, additional provisions on federal and foreign tax-related matters could be recorded in the future as revised estimates are made or the underlying matters are settled or otherwise resolved.
since the timing of resolutions and/or closure of tax audits are uncertain, it is difficult to predict with certainty the range of reasonably possible significant increases or decreases in the liability related to uncertain tax positions that may occur within the next twelve months. our current view is that it is reasonably possible that we could record a decrease in the liability related to uncertain tax positions, relating to a number of issues, up to approximately $0.3 million as a result of closure of tax statutes. as a result of the sale of the chemetall surface treatment business in 2016, we agreed to indemnify certain income and non-income tax liabilities, including uncertain tax positions, associated with the entities sold. the associated liability is recorded in other noncurrent liabilities. see note 16, "other noncurrent liabilities," and note 21, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for further details.
we have designated the undistributed earnings of a portion of our foreign operations as indefinitely reinvested and as a result we do not provide for deferred income taxes on the unremitted earnings of these subsidiaries. our foreign earnings are computed under u.s. federal tax earnings and profits ("e&p") principles. in general, to the extent our financial reporting book basis over tax basis of a foreign subsidiary exceeds these e&p amounts, deferred taxes have not been provided, as they are essentially permanent in duration. the determination of the amount of such unrecognized deferred tax liability is not practicable. we provide for deferred income taxes on our undistributed earnings of foreign operations that are not deemed to be indefinitely invested. we will continue to evaluate our permanent investment assertion taking into consideration all relevant and current tax laws.
financial condition and liquidity overview the principal uses of cash in our business generally have been capital investments and resource development costs, funding working capital, and service of debt. we also make contributions to our defined benefit pension plans, pay dividends to our shareholders and have the ability to repurchase shares of our common stock. historically, cash to fund the needs of our business has been principally provided by cash from operations, debt financing and equity issuances.
we are continually focused on working capital efficiency particularly in the areas of accounts receivable, payables and inventory. we anticipate that cash on hand, cash provided by operating activities, proceeds from divestitures and borrowings will be sufficient to pay our operating expenses, satisfy debt service obligations, fund capital expenditures and other investing activities, fund pension contributions and pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
cash flow our cash and cash equivalents were $1.5 billion at december 31, 2022 as compared to $439.3 million at december 31, 2021. cash provided by operating activities was $1.9 billion, $344.3 million and $798.9 million during the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2022 versus 2021 was primarily due to significantly higher earnings from the lithium and bromine segments and higher dividends received from unconsolidated investments, primarily from the talison joint venture. this increase was partially offset by an increase in working capital outflow driven by higher inventory and accounts receivable balances from higher lithium pricing and increased sales. the decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2021 versus 2020 was primarily due to the $332.5 million payment to settle a prior legal matter, lower earnings from the fcs business sold on june 1, 2021, as well as increased inventory balances and accounts receivable due to the timing of payments. this was partially offset by increased sales in our lithium and bromine segments.
during 2022, cash on hand, cash provided by operations and the proceeds of $2.0 billion in long-term debt and credit agreements funded $1.3 billion of capital expenditures for plant, machinery and equipment, the repayment of long-term debt albemarle corporation and subsidiaries and credit agreements of $705.0 million, the net repayment of $391.7 million of commercial paper, the final payment of $332.5 million of a settlement of an arbitration ruling for a prior legal matter and dividends to shareholders of $184.4 million. during 2021, cash on hand, cash provided by operations, net cash proceeds of $289.8 million from the sale of the fcs business, $388.5 million of commercial paper borrowings and the $1.5 billion net proceeds from our underwritten public offering of common stock funded debt principal payments of approximately $1.5 billion, early extinguishment of debt fees of $24.9 million, $332.5 million of a settlement of an arbitration ruling for a prior legal matter, $953.7 million of capital expenditures for plant, machinery and equipment, dividends to shareholders of $177.9 million, and pension and postretirement contributions of $30.3 million. during 2020, cash on hand, cash provided by operations and proceeds from borrowings of $200 million from one of our credit facilities funded $850.0 million of capital expenditures for plant, machinery and equipment, dividends to shareholders of $161.8 million, and pension and postretirement contributions of $16.4 million. in addition, during 2020 we received $11.0 million in proceeds from the sale of our ownership interest in the socc joint venture during and paid $22.6 million of agreed upon purchase price adjustments for the wodgina project acquisition. in addition, during the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our consolidated joint venture, jbc, declared dividends of $274.5 million, $274.6 million and $89.9 million, respectively, which resulted in dividends paid to noncontrolling interests of $44.2 million ($53.1 million declared in 2022 was paid in the first quarter of 2023), $96.1 million and $32.1 million, respectively.
on october 25, 2022, the company completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding equity of qinzhou, for approximately $200 million in cash, which includes a deferral of approximately $29 million to be paid in installments within a year of the acquisition closing date. qinzhou's operations include a recently constructed lithium processing plant strategically positioned near the port of qinzhou in guangxi, which began commercial production in the first half of 2022. the plant has designed annual conversion capacity of up to 25,000 metric tonnes of lce and is capable of producing battery-grade lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide.
on may 13, 2022, the company issued a series of notes (collectively, the "2022 notes") as follows:
•$650.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, bearing interest at a rate of 4.65% payable semi-annually on june 1 and december 1 of each year, beginning on december 1, 2022. the effective interest rate on these senior notes is approximately 4.84%. these senior notes mature on june 1, 2027.
•$600.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, bearing interest at a rate of 5.05% payable semi-annually on june 1 and december 1 of each year, beginning on december 1, 2022. the effective interest rate on these senior notes is approximately 5.18%. these senior notes mature on june 1, 2032.
•$450.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, bearing interest at a rate of 5.65% payable semi-annually on june 1 and december 1 of each year, beginning on december 1, 2022. the effective interest rate on these senior notes is approximately 5.71%. these senior notes mature on june 1, 2052.
the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2022 notes were used to repay the balance of the commercial paper notes, the remaining balance of $425.0 million of the 4.15% senior notes due 2024 (the "2024 notes") and for general corporate purposes. the 2024 notes were originally due to mature on december 15, 2024 and bore interest at a rate of 4.15%. during the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recorded a loss on early extinguishment of debt of $19.2 million in interest and financing expenses, representing the tender premiums, fees, unamortized discounts and unamortized deferred financing costs from the redemption of the 2024 notes. in addition, the loss on early extinguishment of debt includes the accelerated amortization of the interest rate swap associated with the 2024 notes from accumulated other comprehensive income.
on june 1, 2021, we completed the sale of the fcs business to grace for proceeds of approximately $570 million, consisting of $300 million in cash and the issuance to albemarle of preferred equity of a grace subsidiary having an aggregate stated value of $270 million. the preferred equity can be redeemed at grace's option under certain conditions and will accrue payment-in-kind dividends at an annual rate of 12% beginning on june 1, 2023, two years after issuance.
on february 8, 2021, we completed an underwritten public offering of 8,496,773 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of $153.00 per share. we also granted to the underwriters an option to purchase up to an additional 1,274,509 shares, which was exercised. the total gross proceeds from this offering were approximately $1.5 billion, before deducting expenses, underwriting discounts and commissions. in the first quarter of 2021, we made the following debt principal payments using the net proceeds from this underwritten public offering:
•€123.8 million of the 1.125% notes due in november 2025
•€393.0 million, the remaining balance, of the 1.875% senior notes originally due in december 2021
•$128.4 million of the 3.45% senior notes due in november 2029
•$200.0 million, the remaining balance, of the floating rate notes originally due in november 2022
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries
•€183.3 million, the outstanding balance, of the unsecured credit facility originally entered into on august 14, 2019, as amended and restated on december 15, 2020 (the "2019 credit facility")
•$325.0 million, the outstanding balance, of the commercial paper notes capital expenditures were $1.3 billion, $953.7 million and $850.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were incurred mainly for plant, machinery and equipment. we expect our capital expenditures to be between $1.7 billion and $1.9 billion in 2023 primarily for energy storage growth and capacity increases, including in australia, chile, china and silver peak, nevada, as well as productivity and continuity of operations projects in all segments. our la negra, chile plant has completed the qualification stage and is running as expected. train i of our kemerton, western australia plant is complete and ramping through the commissioning stage. train ii has achieved mechanical completion and transitioned to the commissioning stage, with commercial sales volume from train ii expected to begin in 2023. in addition, construction of our announced lithium conversion plant in meishan, china is progressing on schedule, with estimated completion by the end of 2024.
the company is permitted to repurchase up to a maximum of 15,000,000 shares under a share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors. there were no shares of our common stock repurchased during 2022, 2021 or 2020. at december 31, 2022, there were 7,396,263 remaining shares available for repurchase under the company's authorized share repurchase program.
net current assets increased to approximately $2.4 billion at december 31, 2022 from $119.3 million at december 31, 2021. the increase is primarily due to increases in cash and cash equivalents from the issuance of the 2022 notes, as well as increased inventory and accounts receivable balances from higher lithium pricing. additional changes in the components of net current assets are primarily due to the timing of the sale of goods and other ordinary transactions leading up to the balance sheet dates. the additional changes are not the result of any policy changes by the company, and do not reflect any change in either the quality of our net current assets or our expectation of success in converting net working capital to cash in the ordinary course of business.
at december 31, 2022 and 2021, our cash and cash equivalents included $1.3 billion and $374.0 million, respectively, held by our foreign subsidiaries. the majority of these foreign cash balances are associated with earnings that we have asserted are indefinitely reinvested and which we plan to use to support our continued growth plans outside the u.s. through funding of capital expenditures, acquisitions, research, operating expenses or other similar cash needs of our foreign operations. from time to time, we repatriate cash associated with earnings from our foreign subsidiaries to the u.s. for normal operating needs through intercompany dividends, but only from subsidiaries whose earnings we have not asserted to be indefinitely reinvested or whose earnings qualify as "previously taxed income" as defined by the internal revenue code. for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we repatriated approximately $1.7 million, $0.9 million and $1.8 million of cash, respectively, as part of these foreign earnings cash repatriation activities.
while we continue to closely monitor our cash generation, working capital management and capital spending in light of continuing uncertainties in the global economy, we believe that we will continue to have the financial flexibility and capability to opportunistically fund future growth initiatives. additionally, we anticipate that future capital spending, including business acquisitions, share repurchases and other cash outlays, should be financed primarily with cash flow provided by operations and cash on hand, with additional cash needed, if any, provided by borrowings. the amount and timing of any additional borrowings will depend on our specific cash requirements.
long-term debt we currently have the following notes outstanding:
issue month/year            principal (in millions)        interest rate   interest payment dates              maturity date november 2019                                €371.7               1.125%   november 25                         november 25, 2025
may 2022(a)                                  $650.0                4.65%   june 1 and december 1               june 1, 2027
november 2019                                €500.0               1.625%   november 25                         november 25, 2028
november 2019(a)                             $171.6                3.45%   may 15 and november 15              november 15, 2029
may 2022(a)                                  $600.0                5.05%   june 1 and december 1               june 1, 2032
november 2014(a)                             $350.0                5.45%   june 1 and december 1               december 1, 2044
may 2022(a)                                  $450.0                5.65%   june 1 and december 1               june 1, 2052
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries
(a)    denotes senior notes.
our senior notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all our other senior unsecured indebtedness from time to time outstanding. the notes are effectively subordinated to all of our existing or future secured indebtedness and to the existing and future indebtedness of our subsidiaries. as is customary for such long-term debt instruments, each series of notes outstanding has terms that allow us to redeem the notes before maturity, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of these notes to be redeemed, or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis using the comparable government rate (as defined in the indentures governing these notes) plus between 25 and 40 basis points, depending on the series of notes, plus, in each case, accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption. holders may require us to purchase such notes at 101% upon a change of control triggering event, as defined in the indentures. these notes are subject to typical events of default, including bankruptcy and insolvency events, nonpayment and the acceleration of certain subsidiary indebtedness of $40 million or more caused by a nonpayment default.
our euro notes issued in 2019 are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and rank equally in right of payment to all our other unsecured senior obligations. the euro notes are effectively subordinated to all of our existing or future secured indebtedness and to the existing and future indebtedness of our subsidiaries. as is customary for such long-term debt instruments, each series of notes outstanding has terms that allow us to redeem the notes before their maturity, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal thereof and interest thereon (exclusive of interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date on an annual basis using the bond rate (as defined in the indentures governing these notes) plus between 25 and 35 basis points, depending on the series of notes, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to, but excluding, the date of redemption. holders may require us to purchase such notes at 101% upon a change of control triggering event, as defined in the indentures. these notes are subject to typical events of default, including bankruptcy and insolvency events, nonpayment and the acceleration of certain subsidiary indebtedness exceeding $100 million caused by a nonpayment default.
on october 28, 2022, we amended our revolving, unsecured credit agreement (the "2018 credit agreement"), which provides for borrowings of up to $1.5 billion and matures on october 28, 2027. the 2018 credit agreement was originally dated as of june 21, 2018, and was previously amended on august 14, 2019, may 11, 2020 and december 10, 2021. borrowings under the 2018 credit agreement bear interest at variable rates based on a benchmark rate depending on the currency in which the loans are denominated, plus an applicable margin which ranges from 0.910% to 1.375%, depending on the company's credit rating from standard & poor's ratings services llc ("s&p"), moody's investors services, inc. ("moody's") and fitch ratings, inc. ("fitch"). with respect to loans denominated in u.s. dollars, interest is calculated using the term secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") plus a term sofr adjustment of 0.10%, plus the applicable margin. the applicable margin on the facility was 1.125% as of december 31, 2022. there were no borrowings outstanding under the 2018 credit agreement as of december 31, 2022.
on august 14, 2019, the company entered into a $1.2 billion unsecured credit facility with several banks and other financial institutions, which was amended and restated on december 15, 2020 and again on december 10, 2021 (the "2019 credit facility"). on october 24, 2022, the 2019 credit facility was terminated, with the outstanding balance of $250 million repaid using cash on hand.
borrowings under the 2018 credit agreement are conditioned upon satisfaction of certain conditions precedent, including the absence of defaults. the company is subject to one financial covenant, as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants. the financial covenant requires that the company's consolidated net funded debt to consolidated ebitda ratio (as such terms are defined in the 2018 credit agreement) be less than or equal to 3.50:1 for all fiscal quarters, subject to adjustments in accordance with the terms of the 2018 credit agreement relating to a consummation of an acquisition where the consideration includes cash proceeds from issuance of funded debt in excess of $500 million. the 2018 credit agreement also contains customary default provisions, including defaults for non-payment, breach of representations and warranties, insolvency, non-performance of covenants and cross-defaults to other material indebtedness. the occurrence of an event of default under the 2018 credit agreement could result in all loans and other obligations becoming immediately due and payable and the 2018 credit agreement being terminated.
on may 29, 2013, we entered into agreements to initiate a commercial paper program on a private placement basis under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes (the "commercial paper notes") from time-to-time up to a maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time of $750.0 million. the proceeds from the issuance of the commercial paper notes are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of other debt of the company. the 2018
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries credit agreement is available to repay the commercial paper notes, if necessary. aggregate borrowings outstanding under the 2018 credit agreement and the commercial paper notes will not exceed the $1.5 billion current maximum amount available under the 2018 credit agreement. the commercial paper notes will be sold at a discount from par, or alternatively, will be sold at par and bear interest at rates that will vary based upon market conditions at the time of issuance. the maturities of the commercial paper notes will vary but may not exceed 397 days from the date of issue. the definitive documents relating to the commercial paper program contain customary representations, warranties, default and indemnification provisions. there were no commercial paper notes outstanding at december 31, 2022.
when constructing new facilities or making major enhancements to existing facilities, we may have the opportunity to enter into incentive agreements with local government agencies in order to reduce certain state and local tax expenditures. under these agreements, we transfer the related assets to various local government entities and receive bonds. we immediately lease the facilities from the local government entities and have an option to repurchase the facilities for a nominal amount upon tendering the bonds to the local government entities at various predetermined dates. the bonds and the associated obligations for the leases of the facilities offset, and the underlying assets are recorded in property, plant and equipment. we currently have the ability to transfer up to $540 million in assets under these arrangements, however, at december 31, 2022, there are no amounts outstanding under these arrangements.
the non-current portion of our long-term debt amounted to $3.2 billion at december 31, 2022, compared to $2.0 billion at december 31, 2021. in addition, at december 31, 2022, we had the ability to borrow $1.5 billion under our commercial paper program and the 2018 credit agreement, and $179.0 million under other existing lines of credit, subject to various financial covenants under the 2018 credit agreement. we have the ability and intent to refinance our borrowings under our other existing credit lines with borrowings under the 2018 credit agreement, as applicable. therefore, the amounts outstanding under those credit lines, if any, are classified as long-term debt. we believe that as of december 31, 2022 we were, and currently are, in compliance with all of our debt covenants. for additional information about our long-term debt obligations, see note 14, "long-term debt," to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business with customers, vendors and others, we have entered into off-balance sheet arrangements, including bank guarantees and letters of credit, which totaled approximately $142.3 million at december 31, 2022. none of these off-balance sheet arrangements has, or is likely to have, a material effect on our current or future financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
liquidity outlook we anticipate that cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities, divestitures and borrowings will be sufficient to pay our operating expenses, satisfy debt service obligations, fund any capital expenditures and share repurchases, make acquisitions, make pension contributions and pay dividends for the foreseeable future. our main focus in the short-term, during the continued uncertainty surrounding the global economy, including caused by the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and recent inflationary trends, is to continue to maintain financial flexibility by continuing our cost savings initiative, while still protecting our employees and customers, committing to shareholder returns and maintaining an investment grade rating. over the next three years, in terms of uses of cash, we will continue to invest in growth of the businesses and return value to shareholders. additionally, we will continue to evaluate the merits of any opportunities that may arise for acquisitions of businesses or assets, which may require additional liquidity.
our growth investments include the recently completed acquisition all of the outstanding equity of qinzhou for approximately $200 million in cash. qinzhou's operations include a recently constructed lithium processing plant that has designed annual conversion capacity of up to 25,000 metric tons of lce and is capable of producing battery-grade lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. in addition, we announced agreements for a strategic investment in china with plans to build a battery grade lithium conversion plant in meishan initially targeting 50,000 metric tons of lce per year. construction of the meishan facility is currently underway and is expected to be complete by the end of 2024.
in october 2022, we announced we had been awarded a nearly $150 million grant from the u.s. department of energy to expand domestic manufacturing of batteries for evs and the electrical grid and for materials and components currently imported from other countries. the grant funding is intended to support a portion of the anticipated cost to construct a new, commercial-scale u.s.-based lithium concentrator facility at our kings mountain, north carolina, location. we expect the concentrator facility to create hundreds of construction and full-time jobs, and to supply up to 350,000 metric tons per year of spodumene concentrate to our previously announced mega-flex lithium conversion facility.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries overall, with generally strong cash-generative businesses and no significant long-term debt maturities before november 2025, we believe we have, and will be able to maintain a solid liquidity position. our annual maturities of long-term debt as of december 31, 2022 are as follows (in millions): 2023-$2.1; 2024-$0.0; 2025-$401.3; 2026-$0.0; 2027-$650.0; thereafter-$2,192.4. in addition, we expect to make interest payments on those long-term debt obligations as follows (in millions): 2023-$124.5; 2024-$124.5; 2025-$124.1; 2026-$119.8; 2027-$102.3; thereafter-$1,098.5. for variable-rate debt obligations, projected interest payments are calculated using the december 31, 2022 weighted average interest rate of approximately 0.07%.
in addition, we expect our capital expenditures to be between $1.7 billion and $1.9 billion in 2023, primarily for energy storage growth and capacity increases, including in australia, chile, china and silver peak, nevada, as well as productivity and continuity of operations projects in all segments. as of december 31, 2022, we have also committed to approximately $350.7 million of payments to third-party vendors in the normal course of business to secure raw materials for our production processes, with approximately $161.2 million to be paid in 2023. in order to secure materials, sometimes for long durations, these contracts mandate a minimum amount of product to be purchased at predetermined rates over a set timeframe.
see note 18, "leases," to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for our annual expected payments under our operating lease obligations at december 31, 2022.
in 2023, we expect to pay $41.8 million of the $233.5 million balance remaining from the transition tax on foreign earnings as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") signed into law in december 2017. the one-time transition tax imposed by the tcja is based on our total post-1986 earnings and profits that we previously deferred from u.s. income taxes and is payable over an eight-year period, with the final payment made in 2026.
contributions to our domestic and foreign qualified and nonqualified pension plans, including our supplemental executive retirement plan, are expected to approximate $15 million in 2023. we may choose to make additional pension contributions in excess of this amount. we made contributions of approximately $13.4 million to our domestic and foreign pension plans (both qualified and nonqualified) during the year ended december 31, 2022.
the liability related to uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, recorded in other noncurrent liabilities totaled $83.7 million and $27.7 million at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. related assets for corresponding offsetting benefits recorded in other assets totaled $32.4 million and $32.9 million at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. we cannot estimate the amounts of any cash payments during the next twelve months associated with these liabilities and are unable to estimate the timing of any such cash payments in the future at this time.
our cash flows from operations may be negatively affected by adverse consequences to our customers and the markets in which we compete as a result of moderating global economic conditions, continuing inflationary trends and reduced capital availability. we have experienced, and may continue to experience, volatility and increases in the price of certain raw materials and in transportation and energy costs as a result of global market and supply chain disruptions and the broader inflationary environment. in addition, the covid-19 pandemic has not had a material impact on our liquidity to date; however, we cannot predict the overall impact in terms of cash flow generation as that will depend on the length and severity of the outbreak and any future pandemics and its and their impact. as a result, we are planning for various economic scenarios and actively monitoring our balance sheet to maintain the financial flexibility needed.
although we maintain business relationships with a diverse group of financial institutions as sources of financing, an adverse change in their credit standing could lead them to not honor their contractual credit commitments to us, decline funding under our existing but uncommitted lines of credit with them, not renew their extensions of credit or not provide new financing to us. while the global corporate bond and bank loan markets remain strong, periods of elevated uncertainty related to the covid-19 pandemic or future pandamic or global economic and/or geopolitical concerns may limit efficient access to such markets for extended periods of time. if such concerns heighten, we may incur increased borrowing costs and reduced credit capacity as our various credit facilities mature. if the u.s. federal reserve or similar national reserve banks in other countries decide to continue tightening the monetary supply, we may incur increased borrowing costs (as interest rates increase on our variable rate credit facilities, as our various credit facilities mature or as we refinance any maturing fixed rate debt obligations), although these cost increases would be partially offset by increased income rates on portions of our cash deposits.
on february 6, 2017, huntsman international llc ("huntsman"), a subsidiary of huntsman corporation, filed a lawsuit in new york state court against rockwood holdings, inc. ("rockwood"), rockwood specialties, inc., certain former executives of rockwood and its subsidiaries, seifollah ghasemi, thomas riordan, andrew ross, and michael valente, and albemarle. the lawsuit arises out of huntsman's acquisition of certain rockwood subsidiaries in connection with a stock purchase agreement (the "spa"), dated september 17, 2013. before that transaction closed on october 1, 2014, albemarle began discussions with rockwood to purchase all outstanding equity of rockwood and did so in a transaction that closed on albemarle corporation and subsidiaries january 12, 2015. huntsman's complaint asserted that certain technology that rockwood had developed for a production facility in augusta, georgia, and which was among the assets that huntsman acquired pursuant to the spa, did not work, and that rockwood and the defendant executives had intentionally misled huntsman about that technology in connection with the huntsman-rockwood transaction. the complaint asserted claims for, among other things, fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and breach of the spa, and sought certain costs for completing construction of the production facility.
on march 10, 2017, albemarle moved in new york state court to compel arbitration, which was granted on january 8, 2018 (although huntsman unsuccessfully appealed that decision). huntsman's arbitration demand asserted claims substantially similar to those asserted in its state court complaint, and sought various forms of legal remedies, including cost overruns, compensatory damages, expectation damages, punitive damages, and restitution. after a trial, the arbitration panel issued an award on october 28, 2021, awarding approximately $600 million (including interest) to be paid by albemarle to huntsman, in addition to the possibility of attorney's fees, costs and expenses. following the arbitration panel decision, albemarle reached a settlement with huntsman to pay $665 million in two equal installments, with the first payment made in december 2021. the second and final payment of $332.5 million was made in may 2022. as a result, the consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2021, includes expense of $657.4 million ($508.5 million net of income tax), inclusive of estimated possible legal fees incurred by huntsman and other related obligations, to reflect the increase in liabilities for this legal matter.
as first reported in 2018, following receipt of information regarding potential improper payments being made by third-party sales representatives of our refining solutions business, within our catalysts segment, we promptly retained outside counsel and forensic accountants to investigate potential violations of the company's code of conduct, the foreign corrupt practices act, and other potentially applicable laws. based on this internal investigation, we have voluntarily self-reported potential issues relating to the use of third-party sales representatives in our refining solutions business, within our catalysts segment, to the u.s. department of justice ("doj"), the sec, and the dutch public prosecutor ("dpp"), and are cooperating with the doj, the sec, and the dpp in their review of these matters. in connection with our internal investigation, we have implemented, and are continuing to implement, appropriate remedial measures. we have commenced discussions with the sec, doj and dpp about a potential resolution of these matters.
at this time, we are unable to predict the duration, scope, result, or related costs associated with the investigations. we also are unable to predict what action may be taken by the doj, the sec, or the dpp, or what penalties or remedial actions they may ultimately seek. any determination that our operations or activities are not, or were not, in compliance with existing laws or regulations could result in the imposition of fines, penalties, disgorgement, equitable relief, or other losses. we do not believe, however, that any such fines, penalties, disgorgement, equitable relief, or other losses would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or liquidity. however, an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a particular period.
we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $1.5 billion as of december 31, 2022, of which $1.3 billion is held by our foreign subsidiaries. this cash represents an important source of our liquidity and is invested in bank accounts or money market investments with no limitations on access. the cash held by our foreign subsidiaries is intended for use outside of the u.s. we anticipate that any needs for liquidity within the u.s. in excess of our cash held in the u.s. can be readily satisfied with borrowings under our existing u.s. credit facilities or our commercial paper program.
guarantor financial information albemarle wodgina pty ltd issued notes albemarle wodgina pty ltd (the "issuer"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of albemarle corporation, issued $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.45% senior notes due 2029 (the "3.45% senior notes") in november 2019. the 3.45% senior notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed (the "guarantee") on a senior unsecured basis by albemarle corporation (the "parent guarantor"). no direct or indirect subsidiaries of the parent guarantor guarantee the 3.45% senior notes (such subsidiaries are referred to as the "non-guarantors").
in 2019, we completed the acquisition of a 60% interest in mrl's wodgina hard rock lithium mine project ("wodgina project") in western australia and formed an unincorporated joint venture with mrl, named marbl lithium joint venture, for the exploration, development, mining, processing and production of lithium and other minerals (other than iron ore and tantalum) from the wodgina spodumene mine and for the operation of the kemerton assets in western australia. we participate in the wodgina project through our ownership interest in the issuer.
the parent guarantor conducts its u.s. bromine and catalysts operations directly, and conducts its other operations (other than operations conducted through the issuer) through the non-guarantors.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries the 3.45% senior notes are the issuer's senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment to the senior indebtedness of the issuer, effectively subordinated to all of the secured indebtedness of the issuer, to the extent of the value of the assets securing that indebtedness, and structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of its subsidiaries. the guarantee is the senior unsecured obligation of the parent guarantor and ranks equally in right of payment to the senior indebtedness of the parent guarantor, effectively subordinated to the secured debt of the parent guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing the indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of its subsidiaries.
for cash management purposes, the parent guarantor transfers cash among itself, the issuer and the non-guarantors through intercompany financing arrangements, contributions or declaration of dividends between the respective parent and its subsidiaries. the transfer of cash under these activities facilitates the ability of the recipient to make specified third-party payments for principal and interest on the issuer and/or the parent guarantor's outstanding debt, common stock dividends and common stock repurchases. there are no significant restrictions on the ability of the issuer or the parent guarantor to obtain funds from subsidiaries by dividend or loan.
the following tables present summarized financial information for the parent guarantor and the issuer on a combined basis after elimination of (i) intercompany transactions and balances among the issuer and the parent guarantor and (ii) equity in earnings from and investments in any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor. each entity in the combined financial information follows the same accounting policies as described herein.
summarized statement of operations year ended december 31,
$ in thousands                                                                                                   2022
net sales(a)                                                                                     $2,981,170
gross profit                                                                                        636,894
loss before income taxes and equity in net income of unconsolidated investments(b)                   52,048
net loss attributable to the guarantor and the issuer                                               119,551
(a)    includes net sales to non-guarantors of $2,155.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2022.
(b)    includes intergroup expenses to non-guarantors of $134.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022.
summarized balance sheet at december 31,
$ in thousands                                             2022
current assets(a)                            $1,274,018
net property, plant and equipment             3,379,369
other non-current assets(b)                     687,603
current liabilities(c)                       $2,103,749
long-term debt                                2,260,397
other non-current liabilities(d)              7,173,636
(a)    includes receivables from non-guarantors of $605.3 million at december 31, 2022.
(b)    includes non-curent receivables from non-guarantors of $109.3 million at december 31, 2022.
(c)    includes current payables to non-guarantors of $1.6 billion at december 31, 2022.
(d)    includes non-current payables to non-guarantors of $6.6 billion at december 31, 2022.
the 3.45% senior notes are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of the non-guarantors. the non-guarantors are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amounts due pursuant to the 3.45% senior notes or the indenture under which the 3.45% senior notes were issued, or to make any funds available therefor, whether by dividends, loans, distributions or other payments. any right that the parent guarantor has to receive any assets of any of the non-guarantors upon the liquidation or reorganization of any non-guarantor, and the consequent rights of holders of the 3.45% senior notes to realize proceeds from the sale of any of a non-guarantor's assets, would be effectively subordinated to the claims of such non-guarantor's creditors, including trade creditors and holders of albemarle corporation and subsidiaries preferred equity interests, if any, of such non-guarantor. accordingly, in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of any of the non-guarantors, the non-guarantors will pay the holders of their debts, holders of preferred equity interests, if any, and their trade creditors before they will be able to distribute any of their assets to the parent guarantor.
the 3.45% senior notes are obligations of the issuer. the issuer's cash flow and ability to make payments on the 3.45% senior notes could be dependent upon the earnings it derives from the production from marbl for the wodgina project. absent income received from sales of its share of production from marbl, the issuer's ability to service the 3.45% senior notes could be dependent upon the earnings of the parent guarantor's subsidiaries and other joint ventures and the payment of those earnings to the issuer in the form of equity, loans or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from the issuer.
the issuer's obligations in respect of marbl are guaranteed by the parent guarantor. further, under marbl pursuant to a deed of cross security between the issuer, the joint venture partner and the manager of the project (the "manager"), each of the issuer, and the joint venture partner have granted security to each other and the manager for the obligations each of the issuer and the joint venture partner have to each other and to the manager. the claims of the joint venture partner, the manager and other secured creditors of the issuer will have priority as to the assets of the issuer over the claims of holders of the 3.45% senior notes.
albemarle corporation issued notes in march 2021, albemarle new holding gmbh (the "subsidiary guarantor"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of albemarle corporation, added a full and unconditional guarantee (the "upstream guarantee") to all securities of albemarle corporation (the "parent issuer") issued and outstanding as of such date and, subject to the terms of the applicable amendment or supplement, securities issuable by the parent issuer pursuant to the indenture, dated as of january 20, 2005, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "indenture"). no other direct or indirect subsidiaries of the parent issuer guarantee these securities (such subsidiaries are referred to as the "upstream non-guarantors"). see long-term debt section above for a description of the securities issued by the parent issuer.
the current securities outstanding under the indenture are the parent issuer's unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the parent issuer. all securities currently outstanding under the indenture are effectively subordinated to the parent issuer's existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing that indebtedness. with respect to any series of securities issued under the indenture that is subject to the upstream guarantee (which series of securities does not include the 2022 notes), the upstream guarantee is, and will be, an unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of the subsidiary guarantor, ranking pari passu with all other existing and future unsubordinated and unsecured indebtedness of the subsidiary guarantor. all securities currently outstanding under the indenture (other than the 2022 notes) are effectively subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of the parent's subsidiaries other than the subsidiary guarantor. the 2022 notes are effectively subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of the parent's subsidiaries, including the subsidiary guarantor.
for cash management purposes, the parent issuer transfers cash among itself, the subsidiary guarantor and the upstream non-guarantors through intercompany financing arrangements, contributions or declaration of dividends between the respective parent and its subsidiaries. the transfer of cash under these activities facilitates the ability of the recipient to make specified third-party payments for principal and interest on the parent issuer and/or the subsidiary guarantor's outstanding debt, common stock dividends and common stock repurchases. there are no significant restrictions on the ability of the parent issuer or the subsidiary guarantor to obtain funds from subsidiaries by dividend or loan.
the following tables present summarized financial information for the subsidiary guarantor and the parent issuer on a combined basis after elimination of (i) intercompany transactions and balances among the parent issuer and the subsidiary guarantor and (ii) equity in earnings from and investments in any subsidiary that is an upstream non-guarantor.
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries summarized statement of operations year ended december 31,
$ in thousands                                                                                                   2022
net sales(a)                                                                                     $2,557,914
gross profit                                                                                        353,515
loss before income taxes and equity in net income of unconsolidated investments(b)                (121,421)
net loss attributable to the subsidiary guarantor and the parent issuer                            (77,487)
(a)    includes net sales to non-guarantors of $1,752.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2022.
(b)    includes intergroup expenses to non-guarantors of $25.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2022.
summarized balance sheet at december 31,
$ in thousands                                             2022
current assets(a)                            $1,261,682
net property, plant and equipment               893,715
other non-current assets(b)                   1,783,357
current liabilities(c)                       $1,981,456
long-term debt                                2,955,934
other non-current liabilities(d)              6,393,534
(a)    includes current receivables from non-guarantors of $644.0 million at december 31, 2022.
(b)    includes noncurrent receivables from non-guarantors of $1.2 billion at december 31, 2022.
(c)    includes current payables to non-guarantors of $1.6 billion at december 31, 2022.
(d)    includes non-current payables to non-guarantors of $5.8 billion at december 31, 2022.
these securities are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of the upstream non-guarantors. the upstream non-guarantors are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amounts due pursuant to these securities or the indenture under which these securities were issued, or to make any funds available therefor, whether by dividends, loans, distributions or other payments. any right that the subsidiary guarantor has to receive any assets of any of the upstream non-guarantors upon the liquidation or reorganization of any upstream non-guarantors, and the consequent rights of holders of these securities to realize proceeds from the sale of any of an upstream non-guarantor's assets, would be effectively subordinated to the claims of such upstream non-guarantor's creditors, including trade creditors and holders of preferred equity interests, if any, of such upstream non-guarantor. accordingly, in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of any of the upstream non-guarantors, the upstream non-guarantors will pay the holders of their debts, holders of preferred equity interests, if any, and their trade creditors before they will be able to distribute any of their assets to the subsidiary guarantor.
safety and environmental matters we are subject to federal, state, local and foreign requirements regulating the handling, manufacture and use of materials (some of which may be classified as hazardous or toxic by one or more regulatory agencies), the discharge of materials into the environment and the protection of the environment. to our knowledge, we are currently complying and expect to continue to comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws, regulations, statutes and ordinances. compliance with existing federal, state, local and foreign environmental protection laws is not currently expected to have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or our competitive position, but the costs associated with increased legal or regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on our operating results.
among other environmental requirements, we are subject to the federal superfund law, and similar state laws, under which we may be designated as a prp, and may be liable for a share of the costs associated with cleaning up various hazardous waste sites. management believes that in cases in which we may have liability as a prp, our liability for our share of cleanup is de minimis. further, almost all such sites represent environmental issues that are quite mature and have been investigated, studied and in many cases settled. in de minimis situations, our policy generally is to negotiate a consent decree and to pay any albemarle corporation and subsidiaries apportioned settlement, enabling us to be effectively relieved of any further liability as a prp, except for remote contingencies. in other than de minimis prp matters, our records indicate that unresolved prp exposures should be immaterial. we accrue and expense our proportionate share of prp costs. because management has been actively involved in evaluating environmental matters, we are able to conclude that the outstanding environmental liabilities for unresolved prp sites should not have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations or financial condition.
our environmental and safety operating costs charged to expense were $46.3 million, $43.2 million and $44.9 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, excluding depreciation of previous capital expenditures, and are expected to be in the same range in the next few years. costs for remediation have been accrued and payments related to sites are charged against accrued liabilities, which at december 31, 2022 totaled approximately $38.2 million, a decrease of $8.4 million from $46.6 million at december 31, 2021. see note 17, "commitments and contingencies" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for a reconciliation of our environmental liabilities for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
we believe that any sum we may be required to pay in connection with environmental remediation and asset retirement obligation matters in excess of the amounts recorded should occur over a period of time and should not have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows on a consolidated annual basis, although any such sum could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows in a particular quarterly reporting period.
capital expenditures for pollution-abatement and safety projects, including such costs that are included in other projects, were approximately $75.6 million, $55.4 million and $40.4 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. in the future, capital expenditures for these types of projects may increase due to more stringent environmental regulatory requirements and our efforts in reaching sustainability goals. management's estimates of the effects of compliance with governmental pollution-abatement and safety regulations are subject to (a) the possibility of changes in the applicable statutes and regulations or in judicial or administrative construction of such statutes and regulations and (b) uncertainty as to whether anticipated solutions to pollution problems will be successful, or whether additional expenditures may prove necessary.
recently issued accounting pronouncements see note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for a discussion of our recently issued accounting pronouncements.
