item 1a.    risk factors you should consider carefully the following risk factors and all other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k and the documents we incorporate by reference in this annual report on form 10-k. any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
risks related to our operations the coronavirus global pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and ability to consummate future acquisitions.
we continue to address the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. the outbreak of covid-19, and any other significant outbreak of epidemic, pandemic or contagious disease, could have a negative effect on our ability to operate, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and ability to consummate future acquisitions. in addition, the outbreak of covid-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that is adversely affecting the economies and financial markets of many countries and the end markets for many of our products, which could result in an economic downturn that may negatively affect demand for our products. the extent to which covid-19 will impact our business, results of operations and financial condition is highly uncertain and will depend on future developments. such developments may include the geographic spread and duration of the virus, the severity of the disease and the actions that may be taken by various governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the outbreak.
our global manufacturing facilities remain open with a focus on safety protocols, though a range of external factors related to the pandemic that are not within our control have restricted our ability to keep our manufacturing facilities fully operational. any decline or lower than expected demand in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. moreover, the covid-19 pandemic may adversely affect the financial condition of our customers and suppliers in the future or their ability to purchase company products, may delay customers' purchasing decisions, result in a shift to lower-priced products or away from discretionary products, and may result in longer payment terms or inability to collect customer payments. these issues may also materially affect our future access to our sources of liquidity, particularly our cash flows from operations, financial condition and ability to consummate future acquisitions.
in compliance with stay-at-home orders issued in connection with the covid-19 pandemic, a significant subset of our employees have transitioned to working from home. as a result, more of our employees are working from locations where our cybersecurity program may be less effective and it security may be less robust. this change may create increased vulnerability to cybersecurity incidents, including breaches of information systems security, which could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation and a loss of customers or revenues.
if significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines or absenteeism; government actions; facility closures; work slowdowns or stoppages; limited supplies or resources; or other circumstances related to covid-19, our operations will be further impacted. we may be unable to perform fully on our customer obligations and we may incur liabilities and suffer losses as a result. the continued spread of covid-19 may also affect our ability to hire, develop and retain our talented and diverse workforce, and our ability in short periods to fully maintain and support our corporate culture.
a scarcity of resources or other hardships caused by the covid-19 pandemic may result in increased nationalism, protectionism and political tensions which may cause governments and/or other entities to take actions that may have significant negative impact on the company, its suppliers, and its customers to conduct business in the future. risks related to consumers and businesses lowering or changing spending, which impact domestic and cross-border spend, are described in our risk factor titled "foreign and domestic economic, political, legal, compliance and business factors could negatively affect our international sales and operations".
the duration and intensity of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and the resulting disruption to our operations is uncertain but could have a material impact on our operations, cash flows, financial condition and ability to consummate future acquisitions. we will continue to assess the financial impact of the pandemic on our business.
a downturn in the economy generally or in the markets we serve could adversely affect our business.
a number of the industries in which we operate are cyclical in nature and therefore are affected by factors beyond our control. a downturn in the u.s. or global economy, and, in particular, in the aerospace and defense, oil and gas, process instrumentation or power markets could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our growth could suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality.
our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. visibility into the future performance of certain of our markets is limited (particularly for markets into which we sell through distribution). our quarterly sales and profits depend substantially on the volume and timing of orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast. any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our financial statements. a number of our businesses operate in industries that may experience periodic, cyclical downturns. in addition, in certain of our businesses, demand depends on customers' capital spending budgets, as well as government funding policies. matters of public policy and government budget dynamics, as well as product and economic cycles, can affect the spending decisions of these customers. demand for our products and services is also sensitive to changes in customer order patterns, which may be affected by announced price changes, changes in incentive programs, new product introductions and customer inventory levels. any of these factors could adversely affect our growth and results of operations in any given period.
we may not properly execute, or realize anticipated cost savings or benefits from, our operational excellence initiatives.
our success is partly dependent upon properly executing and realizing cost savings or other benefits from our ongoing production and procurement initiatives. these initiatives are primarily designed to make the company more efficient, which is necessary in the company's highly competitive industries. these initiatives are often complex, and a failure to implement them properly may, in addition to not meeting projected cost savings or benefits, adversely affect our business and operations.
foreign and domestic economic, political, legal, compliance and business factors could negatively affect our international sales and operations.
international sales for 2022 and 2021 represented 48.7% and 49.5% of our consolidated net sales, respectively. as a result of our growth strategy, we anticipate that the percentage of sales outside the united states will increase in the future. as of december 31, 2022, we have manufacturing operations in 18 countries outside the united states, with significant operations in china, czechia, germany, mexico, serbia and the united kingdom. a disruption of our ability to obtain a supply of goods from these countries or a change in the cost to purchase, manufacture, or distribute these products could have an adverse effect on our sales and operations. international sales and operations are subject to the customary risks of operating in an international environment, including:
•imposition of trade or foreign exchange restrictions, including in the united states;
•overlap of different tax structures;
•unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, including in the united states;
•trade protection measures, such as the imposition of or increase in tariffs and other trade barriers, including in the united states;
•the difficulty and/or costs of designing and implementing an effective control environment across diverse regions and employee bases;
•restrictions on currency repatriation;
•general economic conditions;
•unstable political situations and social unrest, both internationally and in the united states;
•increasing trade tensions between the united states and certain countries, including china;
•nationalization of assets; and
•compliance with a wide variety of international and u.s. laws and regulatory requirements.
furthermore, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, including changes in the relative value of currencies in the countries where we operate, subject us to exchange rate exposure and may adversely affect our financial statements. for example, increased strength in the u.s. dollar will increase the effective price of our products sold overseas, which may adversely affect sales or require us to lower our prices. in addition, our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, and we must translate our assets, liabilities, sales and expenses into u.s. dollars for external reporting purposes. as a result, changes in the value of the u.s. dollar due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates or currency exchange controls may materially and negatively affect the value of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their local currency.
our international sales and operations may be adversely impacted by compliance with export laws.
we are required to comply with various import, export, export control and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our transactions with certain customers, business partners and other persons, including in certain cases dealings with or between our employees and subsidiaries. in certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products, services and technologies and in other circumstances, we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting a controlled item. in addition, failure to comply with any of these regulations could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties, disruptions to our business, limitations on our ability to import and export products and services and damage to our reputation.
our reputation, ability to do business and financial statements may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners.
we cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect us from acts committed by employees, agents or business partners of ours (or of businesses we acquire or partner with) that would violate u.s. and/or non-u.s. laws, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, export and import compliance, money laundering and data privacy. in particular, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. any such improper actions or allegations of such acts could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the u.s. and in other jurisdictions and related shareholder lawsuits could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. in addition, we rely on our suppliers to adhere to our supplier standards of conduct and violations of such standards of conduct could occur that could have a material effect on our financial statements.
any inability to hire, train and retain a sufficient number of skilled officers and other employees could impede our ability to compete successfully.
if we cannot hire, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, we may not be able to effectively integrate acquired businesses and realize anticipated results from those businesses, manage our expanding international operations and otherwise profitably grow our business. even if we do hire and retain a sufficient number of employees, the expense necessary to attract and motivate these officers and employees may adversely affect our results of operations.
if we are unable to develop new products on a timely basis, it could adversely affect our business and prospects.
we believe that our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop, on a timely basis, technologically advanced products that meet or exceed appropriate industry standards. maintaining our existing technological advantages will require us to continue investing in research and development and sales and marketing. there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient resources to make such investments, that we will be able to make the technological advances necessary to maintain such competitive advantages or that we can recover major research and development expenses. we are not currently aware of any emerging standards or new products which could render our existing products obsolete, although there can be no assurance that this will not occur or that we will be able to develop and successfully market new products.
our technology is important to our success and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage.
many of our products rely on proprietary technology; therefore, we endeavor to protect our intellectual property rights through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, confidentiality agreements and other contractual provisions. despite our efforts to protect proprietary rights, unauthorized parties or competitors may copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology. in addition, our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain countries outside the u.s. actions to enforce our rights may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and we make no assurances that any such actions will be successful.
a disruption in, shortage of, or price increases for, supply of our components and raw materials may adversely impact our operations.
while we manufacture certain parts and components used in our products, we require substantial amounts of raw materials and purchase some parts and components, including semiconductor chips and other electronic components, from suppliers. the availability and prices for raw materials, parts and components may be subject to curtailment or change due to, among other things, suppliers' allocation to other purchasers, interruptions in production by suppliers, changes in exchange rates and prevailing price levels. in addition, our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, and products may be impacted by natural or man-made disruptions, including armed conflict, damaging weather or other acts of nature, pandemics or other public health crises. a shutdown of, or inability to utilize, one or more of our facilities, our supply chain, or our distribution system could significantly disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, damage our relationships and reputation with customers, suppliers, employees, stockholders and others, result in lost sales, result in the misappropriation or corruption of data, or result in legal exposure and large remediation or other expenses. furthermore, certain items, including base metals and certain steel components, are available only from a limited number of suppliers and are subject to commodity market fluctuations. shortages in raw materials or price increases therefore could affect the prices we charge, our operating costs and our competitive position, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to numerous governmental regulations, which may be burdensome or lead to significant costs.
our operations are subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign governmental laws and regulations. in addition, existing laws and regulations may be revised or reinterpreted and new laws and regulations, including with respect to privacy legislation and climate change, may be adopted or become applicable to us or customers for our products. for example, we are subject to federal, state and international privacy laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information. in many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between the company and its subsidiaries, and among the company, its subsidiaries and other parties with which the company has commercial relations. several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. these laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. complying with emerging and changing international requirements may cause the company to incur substantial costs or require the company to change its business practices. we cannot predict the form any such new laws or regulations will take or the impact any of these laws and regulations will have on our business or operations.
we operate in highly competitive industries, which may adversely affect our results of operations or ability to expand our business.
our markets are highly competitive. we compete, domestically and internationally, with individual producers, as well as with vertically integrated manufacturers, some of which have resources greater than we do. the principal elements of competition for our products are product technology, quality, service, distribution and price. although we believe eig is a market leader, competition is strong and could intensify in the markets served by eig. in the aerospace markets served by eig, a limited number of companies compete on the basis of product quality, performance and innovation. emg's competition in specialty metal products stems from alternative materials and processes. our competitors may develop new or improve existing products that are superior to our products or may adapt more readily to new technologies or changing requirements of our customers. there can be no assurance that our business will not be adversely affected by increased competition in the markets in which it operates or that our products will be able to compete successfully with those of our competitors.
our business and financial performance could be adversely impacted by a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems.
we rely on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third-parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers, other business partners and patients), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers and fulfilling contractual obligations). these systems, products and services may be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, human error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. further, given a significant subset of our employees have transitioned to working from home, disaster recovery may take longer to complete.
attacks may also target hardware, software and information installed, stored or transmitted in our products after such products have been purchased and incorporated into third-party products, facilities or infrastructure. like most multinational corporations, our information technology systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyber-attacks and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. any of the attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above could interrupt our operations or the operations of our customers and partners, delay production and shipments, result in theft of intellectual property and trade secrets, damage customer and business partner relationships and our reputation or result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws and increased costs for security and remediation, each of which could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements. although we maintain cyber risk insurance, damages and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available.
risks related to our acquisitions our growth strategy includes strategic acquisitions. we may not be able to consummate future acquisitions or successfully integrate recent and future acquisitions.
a portion of our growth has been attributed to acquisitions of strategic businesses. we plan to continue making strategic acquisitions to enhance our global market position and broaden our product offerings. although we have been successful with our acquisition strategy in the past, our ability to successfully effectuate acquisitions will be dependent upon a number of factors, including:
•our ability to identify acceptable acquisition candidates;
•the impact of increased competition for acquisitions, which may increase acquisition costs, affect our ability to consummate acquisitions on favorable terms, and result in us assuming a greater portion of the seller's liabilities;
•successfully integrating acquired businesses, including integrating the management, technological and operational processes, procedures and controls of the acquired businesses with those of our existing operations;
•adequate financing for acquisitions being available on terms acceptable to us;
•unexpected losses of key employees, customers and suppliers of acquired businesses;
•mitigating assumed, contingent and unknown liabilities; and
•challenges in managing the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations.
the process of integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require additional financial resources and attention from management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations. furthermore, even if successfully integrated, the acquired business may not achieve the results we expected or produce expected benefits in the time frame planned. failure to continue with our acquisition strategy and the successful integration of acquired businesses could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the indemnification provisions of acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies may not fully protect us and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities.
certain of the acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies require the former owners to indemnify us against certain liabilities related to the operation of the company before we acquired it. in most of these agreements, however, the liability of the former owners is limited, and certain former owners may be unable to meet their indemnification responsibilities. we cannot assure you that these indemnification provisions will protect us fully or at all, and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our financial statements.
risks related to our financial condition certain environmental risks may cause us to be liable for costs associated with hazardous or toxic substance clean-up which may adversely affect our financial condition.
our businesses, operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations concerning, among other things, air emissions, discharges to waters and the use, manufacturing, generation, handling, storage, transportation and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. environmental risks are inherent in many of our manufacturing operations. certain laws provide that a current or previous owner or operator of property may be liable for the costs of investigating, removing and remediating hazardous materials at such property, regardless of whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous materials. in addition, the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act generally imposes joint and several liability for clean-up costs, without regard to fault, on parties contributing hazardous substances to sites designated for clean-up under the act. we have been named a potentially responsible party at several sites, which are the subject of government-mandated clean-ups. as the result of our ownership and operation of facilities that use, manufacture, store, handle and dispose of various hazardous materials, we may incur substantial costs for investigation, removal, remediation and capital expenditures related to compliance with environmental laws. while it is not possible to precisely quantify the potential financial impact of pending environmental matters, based on our experience to date, we believe that the outcome of these matters is not likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or future results of operations. in addition, new laws and regulations, new classification of hazardous materials, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new clean-up requirements could require us to incur costs or become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. there can be no assurance that future environmental liabilities will not occur or that environmental damages due to prior or present practices will not result in future liabilities.
we are subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the course of our business that could adversely affect our financial statements.
we are subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings incidental to our business (or the business operations of previously owned entities), including claims for damages arising out of the use of products or services and claims relating to intellectual property matters, employment matters, tax matters, commercial disputes, competition and sales and trading practices, environmental matters, personal injury, insurance coverage and acquisition-related matters, as well as regulatory investigations or enforcement. these lawsuits may include claims for compensatory damages, punitive and consequential damages and/or injunctive relief. the defense of these lawsuits may divert our management's attention, we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits, and we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to equitable remedies that could adversely affect our operations and financial statements. moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we may have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against such losses. in addition, developments in proceedings in any given period may require us to adjust the loss contingency estimates that we have recorded in our financial statements, record estimates for liabilities or assets previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates or pay cash settlements or judgments. any of these developments could adversely affect our financial statements in any particular period. we cannot assure you that our liabilities in connection with litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our financial statements and reputation. however, based on our experience, current information and applicable law, we do not believe that any amounts we may be required to pay in connection with litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in excess of our reserves will have a material effect on our financial statements.
restrictions contained in our revolving credit facility and other debt agreements may limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness.
our existing revolving credit facility and other debt agreements (each a "debt facility" and collectively, "debt facilities") contain restrictive covenants, including restrictions on our ability to incur indebtedness. these restrictions could limit our ability to effectuate future acquisitions, limit our ability to pay dividends, limit our ability to make capital expenditures or restrict our financial flexibility. our debt facilities contain covenants requiring us to achieve certain financial and operating results and maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. our ability to meet the financial covenants or requirements in our debt facilities may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to satisfy such covenants and requirements. a breach of these covenants or our inability to comply with the financial ratios, tests or other restrictions contained in a debt facility could result in an event of default under one or more of our other debt facilities. upon the occurrence of an event of default under a debt facility, and the expiration of any grace periods, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under one or more of our other debt facilities, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. if this were to occur, our assets may not be sufficient to fully repay the amounts due under our debt facilities or our other indebtedness.
our goodwill and other intangible assets represent a substantial proportion of our total assets and the impairment of such substantial goodwill and intangible assets could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
our total assets include substantial amounts of intangible assets, primarily goodwill. at december 31, 2022, goodwill and other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, totaled $8,714.6 million or 70% of our total assets. the goodwill results from our acquisitions, representing the excess of cost over the estimated fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets we have acquired. for the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recorded an $8.6 million non-cash impairment charge related to certain of the company's trade names. if future operating performance at one or more of our reporting units were to fall significantly below current levels, we could record, under current applicable accounting rules, a non-cash charge to operating income for goodwill or other intangible asset impairment. any determination requiring the impairment of a significant portion of goodwill or other intangible assets would negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this report includes forward-looking statements based on the company's current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. when used in this report, the words "believes," "anticipates," "may," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "project" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such words. in this report, the company discloses important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. for more information on these and other factors, see "forward-looking information" herein.
the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "item 1a. risk factors," and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
business overview ametek's operations are affected by global, regional and industry-specific economic factors. however, the company's strategic geographic and industry diversification, and its mix of products and services, have helped to mitigate the potential adverse impact of any unfavorable developments in any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. in 2022, the company posted record sales, operating income, operating margins, net income, diluted earnings per share, backlog, and orders. the company also benefited from its strategic initiatives under ametek's four key strategies: operational excellence, strategic acquisitions, global & market expansion and new products.
highlights in 2022 were:
•net sales for 2022 were a record $6,150.5 million, an increase of $604.0 million or 10.9%, compared with net sales of $5,546.5 million in 2021. the increase in net sales for 2022 was due to an 11% organic sales increase, a 2% increase from acquisitions, partially offset by an unfavorable 2% effect of foreign currency translation.
•net income for 2022 was a record $1,159.5 million, an increase of $169.4 million or 17.1%, compared with $990.1 million in 2021.
•diluted earnings per share for 2022 were a record $5.01, an increase of $0.76 or 17.8%, compared with $4.25 per diluted share in 2021.
•orders for 2022 were a record $6,639.1 million, an increase of $164.7 million or 2.5%, compared with $6,474.4 million in 2021. the increase in orders was due to a 9% organic order increase, partially offset by a 3% unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation, as well as a 3% decrease from the year-over-year impact of acquisitions. as a result, the company's backlog of unfilled orders at december 31, 2022 was a record $3,218.6 million.
•during 2022, the company spent $429.7 million in cash, net of cash acquired, to purchase two businesses:
•in september 2022, ametek acquired navitar, inc. ("navitar"), a designer and manufacturer of customized, fully integrated optical imaging systems, components, and software.
•in october 2022, ametek acquired rtds technologies inc. ("rtds"), a leading provider of real-time power simulation systems used by utilities, and research and education institutions in the development and testing of the electric power grid and renewable energy applications.
•cash flow provided by operating activities for 2022 was $1,149.4 million. free cash flow (cash flow provided by operating activities less capital expenditures) was $1,010.4 million in 2022.
•ebitda (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization) was a record $1,829.7 million in 2022, compared with $1,594.3 million in 2021.
•the company continued its emphasis on investment in research, development and engineering, spending $322.1 million in 2022. sales from products introduced in the past three years were $1,674.2 million.
recent events and market conditions recent events and market conditions impacting our business include the inflationary cost environment, rising interest rates, supply chain constraints, the covid-19 pandemic, and the ongoing conflict in ukraine. as a result of these events and conditions, we anticipate the challenging global economic environment to continue into 2023.
beginning in 2021, we experienced heightened levels of inflation in material and transportation costs. we have taken steps to mitigate the impacts of material and transportation cost inflation by implementing pricing actions. we experienced additional pressure in our supply chain due to component shortages and strained transportation capacity, as well as the impact of continued elevated customer demand. in response to these supply chain pressures, we have taken actions to build inventory and seek alternative sources of supply to support sales and backlog growth. the inflationary environment has also resulted in central banks raising short-term interest rates. we expect inflation to continue into 2023 and will continue to take actions to mitigate this inflationary pressure.
there still remains uncertainty concerning the covid-19 pandemic, its effect on labor, government mandated lockdowns and other restrictive measures, and the pandemic's ultimate duration. lockdowns in china during 2022 limited our ability to access customer sites, operate certain facilities, and placed additional constraints on our supply chain. depending on the course of the pandemic, additional lockdowns in china or elsewhere could impact our operations and results of operations.
the invasion of ukraine by russia and the sanctions imposed in response to this conflict have increased global economic and political uncertainty. while we do not have operations in russia or ukraine and do not have significant exposure to customers and vendors in those countries, a significant expansion of the conflict's current scope could further complicate the economic environment.
while the ultimate impact of these events remains uncertain, we will continue to evaluate the extent to which these factors will impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
results of operations the following table sets forth net sales and income by reportable segment and on a consolidated basis:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                         2021                            2020
(in thousands)
net sales:
electronic instruments                                      $4,229,353                      $3,763,758                      $2,989,928
electromechanical                                            1,921,177                       1,782,756                       1,550,101
consolidated net sales                                      $6,150,530                      $5,546,514                      $4,540,029
operating income and income before income taxes:
segment operating income:
electronic instruments                                      $1,089,729                        $958,183                        $770,620
electromechanical                                              503,593                         437,378                         324,962
total segment operating income                               1,593,322                       1,395,561                       1,095,582
corporate administrative expenses                             (92,630)                        (86,891)                        (67,698)
consolidated operating income                                1,500,692                       1,308,670                       1,027,884
interest expense                                              (83,186)                        (80,381)                        (86,062)
other (expense) income, net                                     11,186                         (5,119)                         140,487
consolidated income before income taxes                     $1,428,692                      $1,223,170                      $1,082,309
______________________
the following "results of operations of the year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021" section presents an analysis of the company's consolidated operating results displayed in the consolidated statement of income. a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 can be found under item 7 in our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021, filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 22, 2022.
results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
net sales for 2022 were a record $6,150.5 million, an increase of $604.0 million or 10.9%, compared with net sales of $5,546.5 million in 2021. the increase in net sales for 2022 was due to an 11% organic sales increase, a 2% increase from acquisitions, partially offset by an unfavorable 2% effect of foreign currency translation. eig net sales were $4,229.4 million in 2022, an increase of 12.4%, compared with $3,763.8 million in 2021. emg net sales were $1,921.2 million in 2022, an increase of 7.8%, compared with $1,782.8 million in 2021.
total international sales for 2022 were $2,996.3 million or 48.7% of net sales, an increase of $250.7 million or 9.1%, compared with international sales of $2,745.6 million or 49.5% of net sales in 2021. the increase in international sales was primarily driven by strong demand in all regions as well as contributions from recent acquisitions. export shipments from the united states, which are included in total international sales, were $1,688.7 million in 2022, an increase of $213.1 million or 14.4%, compared with $1,475.6 million in 2021.
orders for 2022 were a record $6,639.1 million, an increase of $164.7 million or 2.5% compared with $6,474.4 million in 2021. the increase in orders was due to a 9% organic order increase, partially offset by a 3% unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation, as well as a 3% decrease from the year-over-year impact of acquisitions. the company's backlog of unfilled orders at december 31, 2022 was a record $3,218.6 million, an increase of $488.5 million or 17.9%, compared with $2,730.1 million at december 31, 2021.
segment operating income for 2022 was $1,593.3 million, an increase of $197.7 million or 14.2%, compared with segment operating income of $1,395.6 million in 2021. segment operating income was positively impacted in 2022 by the increased sales discussed above. segment operating income, as a percentage of net sales, increased to 25.9% in 2022, compared with 25.2% in 2021. segment operating margins for 2022 were negatively impacted by the dilutive impact of the 2021 acquisitions. excluding the dilutive impact of recent acquisitions, segment operating margins for the core businesses increased 120 basis points compared to 2021, due to the company's operational excellence initiatives.
cost of sales for 2022 was $4,005.3 million or 65.1% of net sales, an increase of $371.4 million or 10.2%, compared with $3,633.9 million or 65.5% of net sales for 2021. the cost of sales increase was primarily due to the net sales increase discussed above.
selling, general and administrative expenses for 2022 were $644.6 million or 10.5% of net sales, an increase of $40.7 million or 6.7%, compared with $603.9 million or 10.9% of net sales in 2021. selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to the increase in net sales discussed above.
consolidated operating income was $1,500.7 million or a record 24.4% of net sales for 2022, an increase of $192.0 million or 14.7%, compared with $1,308.7 million or 23.6% of net sales in 2021.
other income, net was $11.2 million for 2022, compared with $5.1 million of other expense in 2021, a change of $16.3 million. during 2022, the company recorded higher pension income of $9.9 million and lower acquisition-related due diligence expense compared to 2021.
the effective tax rate for 2022 was 18.8%, compared with 19.1% in 2021. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further details.
net income for 2022 was a record $1,159.5 million, an increase of $169.4 million or 17.1%, compared with $990.1 million in 2021.
diluted earnings per share for 2022 were a record $5.01, an increase of $0.76 or 17.8%, compared with $4.25 per diluted share in 2021.
segment results eig's net sales totaled a record $4,229.4 million for 2022, an increase of $465.6 million or 12.4%, compared with $3,763.8 million in 2021. the net sales increase was due to an 11% organic sales increase, a 4% increase from acquisitions, partially offset by an unfavorable 3% effect of foreign currency translation.
eig's operating income was a record $1,089.7 million for 2022, an increase of $131.5 million or 13.7%, compared with $958.2 million in 2021. eig's operating margins were 25.8% of net sales for 2022, compared with 25.5% of net sales in 2021. eig's operating margins in 2022 were negatively impacted by the dilutive impact of the 2021 acquisitions. excluding the dilutive impact of the 2021 acquisitions, eig operating margins increased 100 basis points compared to 2021, due to the increase in net sales discussed above, as well as continued benefits from the company's operational excellence initiatives.
emg's net sales totaled a record $1,921.2 million for 2022, an increase of $138.4 million or 7.8%, compared with $1,782.8 million in 2021. the net sales increase was due to an 11% organic sales increase, partially offset by an unfavorable 3% effect of foreign currency translations.
emg's operating income was a record $503.6 million for 2022, an increase of $66.2 million or 15.1%, compared with $437.4 million in 2021. emg's operating income included a $7.1 million gain on the sale of a facility during 2022. emg's operating margins were a record 26.2% of net sales for 2022, compared with 24.5% of net sales in 2021. excluding the gain on the sale of a facility, emg operating margins increased 130 basis points compared to
2021, due to the increase in net sales discussed above, as well as continued benefits from the company's operational excellence initiatives.
liquidity and capital resources cash provided by operating activities totaled $1,149.4 million in 2022, a decrease of $11.1 million or 1.0%, compared with $1,160.5 million in 2021. the decrease in cash provided by operating activities for 2022 was due to higher working capital levels, primarily driven by higher investments in inventory to support sales and backlog growth, and to mitigate inventory supply chain constraints, partially offset by higher net income.
free cash flow (cash flow provided by operating activities less capital expenditures) was $1,010.4 million in 2022, compared with $1,049.8 million in 2021. ebitda (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization) was a record $1,829.7 million in 2022, compared with $1,594.3 million in 2021. free cash flow and ebitda are presented because the company is aware that they are measures used by third parties in evaluating the company. (see "non-gaap financial measures" for a reconciliation of u.s. gaap measures to comparable non-gaap measures).
cash used by investing activities totaled $552.8 million in 2022, compared with cash used by investing activities of $2,055.8 million in 2021. in 2022, the company paid $429.7 million, net of cash acquired, to purchase navitar, inc. and rtds technologies inc., compared to $1,959.2 million, net of cash acquired, to purchase abaco systems, magnetrol international, nsi-mi technologies, crank software, egs automation, and alphasense in 2021. additions to property, plant and equipment totaled $139.0 million in 2022, compared with $110.7 million in 2021.
cash used by financing activities totaled $575.7 million in 2022, compared with $39.3 million of cash provided by financing activities in 2021. at december 31, 2022, total debt, net was $2,385.0 million, compared with $2,544.2 million at december 31, 2021. in 2022, total borrowings decreased by $73.7 million, compared with an increase of $183.9 million in 2021. at december 31, 2022, the company had available borrowing capacity of $2,745.2 million under its revolving credit facility and term loan, including the $700 million accordion feature.
on may 12, 2022, the company along with certain of its foreign subsidiaries amended and restated its credit agreement dated as of september 22, 2011, as amended and restated as of march 10, 2016 and as further amended and restated as of october 30, 2018, with the lenders, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent and bank of america, n.a., pnc bank, national association, trust bank and wells fargo bank, national association, as co-syndication agents. the credit agreement amends and restates the company's existing revolving credit facility to increase the size from $1.5 billion to $2.3 billion and terminates the $800 million term loan. the credit agreement places certain restrictions on allowable additional indebtedness. in november 2021, the company further amended the credit agreement to address the cessation of libor on certain currencies. at december 31, 2022, the company had $219.0 million outstanding on the revolver with a maturity date of may 2027.
in the fourth quarter of 2021, a 55 million swiss franc ($59.7 million) 2.44% senior note matured and was paid. the debt-to-capital ratio was 24.2% at december 31, 2022, compared with 27.0% at december 31, 2021. the net debt-to-capital ratio (total debt, net less cash and cash equivalents divided by the sum of net debt and stockholders' equity) was 21.4% at december 31, 2022, compared with 24.2% at december 31, 2021. the net debt-to-capital ratio is presented because the company is aware that this measure is used by third parties in evaluating the company. (see "non-gaap financial measures" for a reconciliation of u.s. gaap measures to comparable non-gaap measures).
in 2022, the company repurchased approximately 2.7 million shares of its common stock for $332.8 million, compared with $14.7 million used for repurchases of approximately 113,000 shares in 2021. effective may 5, 2022, the company's board of directors approved a $1 billion share repurchase authorization. this authorization replaces an earlier $500 million share repurchase authorization approved by the board in february 2019. at december 31, 2022, $823.9 million was available under the company's board of directors authorization for future share repurchases.
additional financing activities for 2022 included cash dividends paid of $202.2 million, compared with $184.6 million in 2021. on february 9, 2022, the company's board of directors approved a 10% increase in the quarterly cash dividend on the company's common stock to $0.22 per common share from $0.20 per common share. proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options were $49.9 million in 2022, compared with $60.3 million in 2021.
as a result of all of the company's cash flow activities in 2022, cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2022 totaled $345.4 million, compared with $346.8 million at december 31, 2021. at december 31, 2022, the company had $334.1 million in cash outside the united states, compared with $344.0 million at december 31, 2021. the company utilizes this cash to fund its international operations, as well as to acquire international businesses. the company is in compliance with all covenants, including financial covenants, for all of its debt agreements. the company believes it has sufficient cash-generating capabilities from domestic and unrestricted foreign sources, available credit facilities and access to long-term capital funds to enable it to meet its operating needs and contractual obligations for the foreseeable future.
subsequent event effective february 9, 2023, the company's board of directors approved a 14% increase in the quarterly cash dividend on the company's common stock to $0.25 per common share from $0.22 per common share.
contractual obligations and other commitments material contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business primarily consist of purchase obligations, long-term debt and related interest payments, and leases. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information on the nature and timing of debt obligations.
leases expire over a range of years from 2023 to 2032. most of the leases contain renewal or purchase options, subject to various terms and conditions. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information on the nature and timing of lease obligations.
purchase obligations primarily consist of contractual commitments to purchase certain inventories at fixed prices. at december 31, 2022, the company had $1,003.9 million of purchase obligations due within one year and $115.8 million of purchase obligations due in more than one year.
the company has standby letters of credit and surety bonds of $64.9 million related to performance and payment guarantees at december 31, 2022. based on experience with these arrangements, the company believes that any obligations that may arise will not be material to its financial position.
non-gaap financial measures ebitda represents earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. ebitda is presented because the company is aware that it is used by rating agencies, securities analysts, investors and other parties in evaluating the company. it should not be considered, however, as an alternative to operating income as an indicator of the company's operating performance or as an alternative to cash flows as a measure of the company's overall liquidity as presented in the company's consolidated financial statements. furthermore, ebitda measures shown for the company may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. the following table presents the reconciliation of net income reported in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") to ebitda:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                             2021                          2020
(in millions)
net income                 $1,159.5                        $990.1                        $872.4
add (deduct):
interest expense               83.2                          80.4                          86.1
interest income               (1.7)                         (1.4)                         (2.1)
income taxes                  269.2                         233.1                         209.9
depreciation                  113.7                         108.5                         101.3
amortization                  205.8                         183.6                         154.0
total adjustments             670.2                         604.2                         549.2
ebitda                     $1,829.7                      $1,594.3                      $1,421.6
free cash flow represents cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures. free cash flow is presented because the company is aware that it is used by rating agencies, securities analysts, investors and other parties in evaluating the company. the following table presents the reconciliation of cash flow from operating activities reported in accordance with u.s. gaap to free cash flow:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                           2021                          2020
(in millions)
cash provided by operating activities           $1,149.4                      $1,160.5                      $1,281.0
deduct: capital expenditures                     (139.0)                       (110.7)                        (74.2)
free cash flow                                  $1,010.4                      $1,049.8                      $1,206.8
net debt represents total debt, net minus cash and cash equivalents. net debt is presented because the company is aware that it is used by rating agencies, securities analysts, investors and other parties in evaluating the company. the following table presents the reconciliation of total debt, net reported in accordance with u.s. gaap to net debt:
december 31,
2022                                                                          2021
(in millions)
total debt, net                                                $2,385.0                      $2,544.2
less: cash and cash equivalents                                 (345.4)                       (346.8)
net debt                                                        2,039.6                       2,197.4
stockholders' equity                                            7,476.5                       6,871.9
capitalization (net debt plus stockholders' equity)            $9,516.1                      $9,069.3
net debt as a percentage of capitalization                         21.4   %   24.2                      %
internal reinvestment capital expenditures capital expenditures were $139.0 million or 2.3% of net sales in 2022, compared with $110.7 million or 2.0% of net sales in 2021. in 2022, approximately 64% of capital expenditures were for improvements to existing equipment or additional equipment to increase productivity and expand capacity. capital expenditures in 2023 are expected to be approximately 2% of net sales, with a continued emphasis on spending to improve productivity.
research, development and engineering the company is committed to, and has consistently invested in, research, development and engineering activities to design and develop new and improved products and solutions. research, development and engineering costs before customer reimbursement were $322.1 million in 2022, $299.6 million in 2021 and $246.2 million in 2020. these amounts included research and development expenses of $198.8 million, $194.2 million and $158.9 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. all such expenditures were directed toward the development of new products and solutions and the improvement of existing products and solutions.
environmental matters information with respect to environmental matters is set forth in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates critical accounting policies are those policies that can have a significant impact on the presentation of the company's financial condition and results of operations and that require the use of complex and subjective estimates based on the company's historical experience and management's judgment. because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results may differ materially from the estimates used. below are the policies used in preparing the company's financial statements that management believes are the most dependent upon the application of estimates and assumptions. a complete list of the company's significant accounting policies is in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
•business combinations. the company allocates the purchase price of an acquired company, including when applicable, the acquisition date fair value of contingent consideration between tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed from the acquired business based on their estimated fair values, with the residual of the purchase price recorded as goodwill. third party appraisal firms and other consultants are engaged to assist management in determining the fair values of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed. estimating fair values requires significant judgments, estimates and assumptions, including but not limited to: discount rates, future cash flows and the economic lives of trade names, technology, and customer relationships. these estimates are based on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain.
•goodwill and other intangible assets. goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, primarily trademarks and trade names, are not amortized; rather, they are tested for impairment at least annually. the company performs either a qualitative or quantitative analysis to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair values of its reporting units are less than the respective carrying values of those reporting units.
when testing goodwill for impairment, the company has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the company performs a qualitative assessment and determines that an impairment is more likely than not, then performance of a quantitative impairment test is required. in conducting a qualitative assessment, the company analyzes actual and forecasted net sales and selling profit for each reporting unit, as well as historical performance and the results of prior quantitative tests performed. additionally, the company assesses critical areas that may impact its business, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, or any relevant events and factors that may impact projected financial results.
if performed, the quantitative goodwill impairment test uses a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of each reporting unit, which considers cash flows discounted at an appropriate discount rate. the annual goodwill impairment test requires the company to make a number of assumptions and estimates concerning future levels of revenue growth, operating margins, depreciation, amortization and working capital requirements, which are based on the company's long-range plan and are considered level 3 inputs. the discount rate is an estimate of the overall after-tax rate of return required by a market participant whose weighted average cost of capital includes both equity and debt, including a risk premium. while the company uses the best available information to prepare its cash flow and discount rate assumptions, actual future cash flows or market conditions could differ significantly resulting in future impairment charges related to recorded goodwill balances.
the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangibles other than goodwill (primarily trademarks and trade names) consists of a comparison of the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to the carrying value of the asset as of the impairment testing date. the company can elect to perform a qualitative analysis to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair values of its indefinite-lived intangible assets are less than the respective carrying values of those assets. the company elected to perform its annual goodwill impairment test using the quantitative analysis method. the company may elect to perform the quantitative analysis in future periods. the company estimates the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangibles using the relief from royalty method using level 3 inputs, which is a widely used valuation technique for such assets. the fair value derived from the relief from royalty method is determined by applying a royalty rate to a projection of net revenues discounted using an appropriate discount rate. each royalty rate is determined based on the profitability of the trade name to which it relates and observed market royalty rates. certain impairment models have discount rates calculated based on a debt/equity cost of capital. while the company uses the best available information to prepare its cash flow and discount rate assumptions, actual future cash flows or market conditions could differ significantly resulting in future impairment charges related to recorded intangible balances. while there are always changes in assumptions to reflect changing business and market conditions, the company's overall methodology and the population of assumptions used have remained unchanged.
the company's acquisitions have generally included a significant goodwill component and the company expects to continue to make acquisitions. at december 31, 2022, goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets totaled $6,262.2 million or 50.4% of the company's total assets. the company completed its required annual indefinite-lived intangibles impairment tests in the fourth quarter of 2022 and determined that the carrying values of certain of the company's indefinite-lived intangibles were impaired as a result of higher discount rates driven by higher interest rates. as a result, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the company recorded an immaterial non-cash impairment charge related to certain of the company's trade names. the company completed its annual qualitative goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of 2022 and determined the carrying values of its goodwill intangibles were not impaired. there can be no assurance that goodwill or indefinite-lived intangibles impairment will not occur in the future.
•pensions. the company has u.s. and foreign defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans. the most significant elements in determining the company's pension income or expense are the assumed pension liability discount rate and the expected return on plan assets. the pension discount rate reflects the current interest rate at which the pension liabilities could be settled at the valuation date. at the end of each year, the company determines the assumed discount rate to be used to discount plan liabilities. in estimating this rate for 2022, the company considered rates of return on high-quality, fixed-income investments that have maturities consistent with the anticipated funding requirements of the plan. in estimating the u.s. and foreign discount rates, the company's actuaries developed a customized discount rate appropriate to the plans' projected benefit cash flow based on yields derived from a database of long-term bonds at consistent maturity dates. the company determines the expected long-term rate of return based primarily on its expectation of future returns for the pension plans' investments. additionally, the company considers historical returns on comparable fixed-income and equity investments and adjusts its estimate as deemed appropriate.
•income taxes. the process of providing for income taxes and determining the related balance sheet accounts requires management to assess uncertainties, make judgments regarding outcomes and utilize estimates. the company conducts a broad range of operations around the world and is therefore subject to complex tax regulations in numerous international taxing jurisdictions, resulting at times in tax audits, disputes and potential litigation, the outcome of which is uncertain. management must make judgments currently about such uncertainties and determine estimates of the company's tax assets and liabilities. to the extent the final outcome differs, future adjustments to the company's tax assets and liabilities may be necessary.
the company assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets, taking into consideration the company's forecast of future taxable income, available net operating loss carryforwards and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the deferred tax assets. based on this assessment, management must evaluate the need for, and the amount of, valuation allowances against the company's deferred tax assets. to the extent facts and circumstances change in the future, adjustments to the valuation allowances may be required.
the company assesses the uncertainty in its tax positions, by applying a minimum recognition threshold which a tax position is required to meet before a tax benefit is recognized in the financial statements. once the minimum threshold is met, using a more likely than not standard, a series of probability estimates is made for each item to properly measure and record a tax benefit. the tax benefit recorded is generally equal to the highest probable outcome that is more than 50% likely to be realized after full disclosure and resolution of a tax examination. the underlying probabilities are determined based on the best available objective evidence such as recent tax audit outcomes, published guidance, external expert opinion, or by analogy to the outcome of similar issues in the past. there can be no assurance that these estimates will ultimately be realized given continuous changes in tax policy, legislation and audit practice. the company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2, recent accounting pronouncements, to the company's consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements.
forward-looking information certain matters discussed in this form 10-k are "forward-looking statements" as defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 ("pslra"), which involve risk and uncertainties that exist in the company's operations and business environment and can be affected by inaccurate assumptions, or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. many such factors will be important in determining the company's actual future results. the company wishes to take advantage of the "safe harbor" provisions of the pslra by cautioning readers that numerous important factors in some cases have caused, and in the future could cause, the company's actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, the company. some, but not all, of the factors or uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from present expectations are set forth above and under item 1a. risk factors. the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise, unless required by the securities laws to do so.
