item 1a.       risk factors the company's business activities and the value of its securities are subject to significant hazards and risks, including those described below. if any of such events should occur, the company's business, financial condition, liquidity, and/or results of operations could be materially harmed, and holders and purchasers of apa's securities could lose part or all of their investments. additional risks relating to the company's securities may be included in the prospectus supplements related to offerings of such securities from time to time in the future.
risks related to pricing, demand, and production for crude oil, natural gas, and ngls global pandemics have previously, may continue to, and may in the future adversely impact the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations, the global economy, and the demand for and prices of oil, natural gas, and ngls.
global pandemics and the actions taken by third parties, including, but not limited to, governmental authorities, businesses, and consumers, in response to such pandemics, including the covid-19 pandemic, have previously adversely impacted and may from time to time in the future adversely impact the global economy, resulting in significant volatility in the global financial markets. previous business closures, restrictions on travel, "stay-at-home" or "shelter-in-place" orders, and other restrictions on movement within and among communities significantly reduced demand for, and the prices of, oil, natural gas, and ngls, and such restrictions may be continued or reintroduced at any time. a continued, prolonged period or a renewed period of reduced demand, the failure to timely distribute or the ineffectiveness of or reluctance or refusal of individuals to take any vaccines, the failure to develop or reformulate adequate treatments, including due to the emergence of new variants, and other adverse impacts from a pandemic may materially adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. actual results will depend on future events, which the company cannot predict, including the scope, duration, and potential reoccurrence of any such pandemic, the emergence and impact of variants, the distribution and effectiveness of, and individual willingness to take, vaccines, therapeutics, and treatments, the demand for, and the prices of, oil, natural gas, and ngls, and the actions taken by third parties in response to any of the foregoing.
the company's operations rely on its workforce having access to its wells, platforms, structures, offices, and facilities. if a significant portion of the company's workforce cannot effectively perform their responsibilities, whether resulting from a lack of physical or virtual access, quarantines, illnesses, governmental actions or restrictions (including vaccine mandates and the reactions thereto), or other restrictions or adverse impacts resulting from a pandemic, the company's business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
crude oil, natural gas, and ngl prices and their volatility could adversely affect the company's operating results and the price of apa's common stock.
the company's revenues, operating results, and future rate of growth depend highly upon the prices it receives for its sales of crude oil, natural gas, and ngl products. historically, the markets for these commodities have been volatile and are likely to continue to be volatile in the future. for example, the nymex daily settlement price for the prompt month oil contract in 2022 ranged from a high of $123.64 per barrel to a low of $71.05 per barrel, and the nymex daily settlement price for the prompt month natural gas contract in 2022 ranged from a high of $9.85 per mmbtu to a low of $3.46 per mmbtu. the market prices for crude oil, natural gas, and ngls depend on factors beyond the company's control. these factors include demand, which fluctuates with changes in market and economic conditions, and other factors, including:
•worldwide and domestic supplies and/or inventories of crude oil, natural gas, and ngls;
•actions taken by foreign oil and gas producing nations, including the organization of the petroleum exporting countries (opec) and non-opec members that participate in opec initiatives (opec+);
•political conditions and events (including instabilities, changes in governments, or armed conflicts) in oil and gas producing regions;
•the occurrence of global events, such as epidemics or pandemics (including, specifically, the covid-19 pandemic), and the actions taken by third parties, including, but not limited to, governmental authorities, customers, contractors, and suppliers, in response to such epidemics or pandemics;
•the price and level of imported foreign or exported domestic crude oil, natural gas, and ngls, including as a result of the availability of facilities that process, import, or export such products;
•increasing inflationary pressure;
•the price and availability of alternative fuels, including coal and biofuels;
•increased competitiveness of, and demand for, alternative energy sources;
•technological advances affecting energy supply and energy consumption, including those that alter fuel choices;
•the availability of pipeline capacity and infrastructure;
•the availability of crude oil transportation and refining capacity;
•weather conditions;
•the impact of political pressure and the influence of environmental groups and other stakeholders on decisions and policies related to the industries in which the company and its affiliates operate, including with respect to environmental, social, and governance matters;
•domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes, including legislative, regulatory, and policy changes or initiatives to address the impacts of global climate change, hydraulic fracturing, methane emissions, flaring, or water disposal; and
•the overall economic environment.
the company's results of operations, as well as the carrying value of its oil and gas properties, are substantially dependent upon the prices of oil, natural gas, and ngls. low prices have previously adversely affected and could again adversely affect the company's revenues, operating income, cash flow, and proved reserves, and continued low prices could have a material adverse impact on the company's operations and limit its ability to fund capital expenditures. without the ability to fund capital expenditures, the company would be unable to replace reserves and production. sustained low prices of crude oil, natural gas, and ngls may further adversely impact the company's business as follows:
•weakening the company's financial condition and reducing its liquidity;
•limiting the company's ability to fund planned capital expenditures and operations;
•reducing the amount of crude oil, natural gas, and ngls that the company can produce economically;
•causing the company to delay or postpone some of its capital projects or reallocate capital to different projects or regions;
•reducing the company's revenues, operating income, and cash flows;
•limiting the company's access to sources of capital, such as equity and long-term debt;
•reducing the carrying value of the company's oil and gas properties, resulting in additional non-cash impairments; or
•reducing the carrying value of the company's gathering, processing, and transmission facilities, resulting in additional impairments.
the company's ability to sell crude oil, natural gas, or ngls, receive market prices for these commodities, and/or meet volume commitments under transportation services agreements may be adversely affected by pipeline and gathering system capacity constraints, the inability to procure and resell volumes economically, and various transportation interruptions.
a portion of the company's crude oil, natural gas, and ngl production in any region may be interrupted, limited, or shut in from time to time for numerous reasons, including as a result of weather conditions, accidents, loss of pipeline or gathering system access, field labor issues or strikes, cyberattacks or terrorist events, or capital constraints that limit the ability of third parties to construct gathering systems, processing facilities, or interstate pipelines to transport the company's production. additionally, the company may voluntarily curtail production in response to market conditions. if a substantial amount of the company's production is interrupted or curtailed at the same time, it could temporarily adversely affect the company's cash flows. further, if the company is unable to procure and resell third-party volumes at or above a net price that covers the cost of transportation, the company's cash flows could be adversely affected.
the company has previously not realized, and may in the future not realize, an adequate return on wells that it drills.
drilling for oil and gas involves numerous risks, including the risk that the company will not encounter commercially productive oil or gas reservoirs. the wells the company drills or participates in may not be productive, and the company may not recover all or any portion of its investment in those wells. management has previously determined, and may in the future determine, that future or further drilling or development activities will not, or are unlikely to, occur for a well or reservoir based on drilling results, current or future estimated commodity prices or demand for oil, natural gas, and ngls, or other information, including drilling results in, or information related to, adjacent or nearby geographic areas or similar geologies or reservoirs. the seismic data and other technologies that the company uses do not allow it to know conclusively prior to drilling a well that crude or natural gas is present or may be produced economically. the costs of drilling, completing, and operating wells are often uncertain, and drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed, or canceled as a result of a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, unexpected drilling conditions; pressure or irregularities in formations; equipment failures or accidents; fires, explosions, blowouts, and surface cratering; marine risks, such as capsizing, collisions, and hurricanes; other adverse weather conditions; and increases in the cost of or shortages or delays in the availability of drilling rigs, equipment, and labor.
future drilling activities may not be successful, and, if unsuccessful, such failure could have an adverse effect on the company's future results of operations and financial condition. while all drilling, whether developmental or exploratory, involves these risks, exploratory drilling involves greater risks of dry holes or failure to find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons. exploration costs and dry hole expenses incurred by the company during the reporting period are further discussed in this annual report on form 10-k and reflected in the consolidated financial statements included herein.
the company's commodity price risk management and trading activities may prevent it from benefiting fully from price increases and may expose it to other risks.
to the extent that the company engages in price risk management activities to protect itself from commodity price declines, the company may be prevented from realizing the benefits of price increases above the levels of the derivative instruments used to manage price risk. in addition, the company's hedging arrangements may expose it to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances in which the company's production falls short of the hedged volumes, there is a widening of price-basis differentials between delivery points for the company's production and the delivery point assumed in the hedge arrangement, the counterparties to the company's hedging or other price risk management contracts fail to perform under those arrangements, or an unexpected event materially impacts commodity prices.
risks related to operations and development projects the company's operations involve a high degree of operational risk, particularly risk of personal injury, damage to or loss of equipment, and environmental accidents.
the company's operations are subject to hazards and risks inherent in the drilling, production, and transportation of crude oil, natural gas, and ngls, including well blowouts, explosions, fires, and cratering; pipeline or other facility ruptures and spills; formations with abnormal pressures; equipment malfunctions; hurricanes, major storms, and cyclones, which could affect the company's operations in areas such as on and offshore the gulf coast, north sea, and suriname, and other natural and anthropogenic disasters and weather conditions; and surface spillage and surface or ground water contamination from petroleum constituents, saltwater, or hydraulic fracturing chemical additives.
failure or loss of equipment, as the result of equipment malfunctions, cyberattacks, or natural disasters, such as hurricanes, could result in property damages, personal injury, environmental pollution, and other damages for which the company could be liable. litigation arising from a catastrophic occurrence, such as a well blowout, explosion, fire at a location where the company's equipment and services are used, or ground water contamination from chemical additives used in hydraulic fracturing may result in substantial claims for damages. ineffective containment of a drilling well blowout or pipeline rupture or surface spillage and surface or ground water contamination from petroleum constituents or hydraulic fracturing could result in extensive environmental pollution and substantial remediation expenses. if a significant amount of the company's production is interrupted, containment efforts prove to be ineffective, or litigation arises as the result of a catastrophic occurrence, the company's cash flows and, in turn, its results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
weather and climate may have a significant adverse impact on the company's revenues and production.
demand for oil and natural gas are, to a significant degree, dependent on weather and climate, which impact the price the company receives for the commodities it produces. in addition, the company's exploration, development, and production activities and equipment have been and can be adversely affected by severe weather, such as freezing temperatures, hurricanes in the gulf of mexico, or major storms in the north sea, which have previously caused and may cause a loss of production from temporary cessation of activity or lost or damaged equipment. the company's planning for normal climatic variation, insurance programs, and emergency recovery plans may inadequately mitigate the effects of such weather conditions, and not all such effects can be predicted, eliminated, or insured against.
the company's insurance policies do not cover all of the risks the company faces, which could result in significant financial exposure.
exploration for and production of crude oil, natural gas, and ngls can be hazardous, involving natural disasters and other events such as blowouts, cratering, fires, explosions, and loss of well control, which can result in damage to or destruction of wells or production facilities, injury to persons, loss of life, or damage to property or the environment. the company's international operations are also subject to political risk. the insurance coverage that the company maintains against certain losses or liabilities arising from its operations may be inadequate to cover any such resulting liability; moreover, insurance is not available to the company against all operational risks.
a terrorist or cyberattack targeting systems and infrastructure used by the company or others in the oil and gas industry may adversely impact the company's operations.
the company's business has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct certain exploration, development, and production activities. the company depends on digital technology to estimate quantities of oil and gas reserves, process and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and drilling information, communicate with personnel and third-party partners, and conduct many of the company's activities. unauthorized access to the company's digital technology could lead to operational disruption, data corruption, communication interruption, loss of intellectual property, loss of confidential and fiduciary data, and loss or corruption of reserves or other proprietary information. also, external digital technologies control nearly all of the oil and gas distribution and refining systems in the u.s. and abroad, which are necessary to transport and market the company's production. a cyberattack directed at oil and gas distribution systems have previously and could damage critical distribution and storage assets or the environment, delay or prevent delivery of production to markets, and make it difficult or impossible to accurately account for production and settle transactions. any such terrorist attack, environmental activist group activity, or cyberattack that affects the company or its customers, suppliers, or others with whom it does business could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, cause it to incur a material financial loss, subject it to possible legal claims and liability, and/or damage its reputation.
while certain of the company's insurance policies may allow for coverage of associated damages resulting from such events, if the company were to incur a significant liability for which it was not fully insured, that could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. in addition, the proceeds of any such insurance may not be paid in a timely manner and may be insufficient if such an event were to occur.
while the company has experienced cyberattacks in the past, it has not suffered any material losses as a result of such attacks; however, there is no assurance that the company will not suffer such losses in the future. further, as cyberattacks continue to evolve, the company may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance its protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities to cyberattacks. in addition, cyberattacks against the company or others in its industry could result in additional regulations, which could lead to increased regulatory compliance costs, insurance coverage cost, or capital expenditures. the company cannot predict the potential impact that such additional regulations could have on its business and operations or the energy industry at large.
material differences between the estimated and actual timing of critical events or costs may affect the completion and commencement of production from development projects.
the company is involved in several large development projects, and the completion of these projects may be delayed beyond the company's anticipated completion dates. these projects may be delayed by project approvals from joint venture partners, timely issuances of permits and licenses by governmental agencies, weather conditions, manufacturing and delivery schedules of critical equipment, and other unforeseen events. delays and differences between estimated and actual timing of critical events may adversely affect the company's large development projects and its ability to participate in large-scale development projects in the future. in addition, the company's estimates of future development costs are based on its current expectations of prices and other costs of equipment and personnel the company will need to implement such projects. the actual future development costs may be significantly higher than the company currently estimates. if costs become too high, the development projects may become uneconomic to the company, and it may be forced to abandon such development projects.
risks related to reserves and leasehold acreage discoveries or acquisitions of additional reserves are needed to avoid a material decline in reserves and production.
the production rate from oil and natural gas properties generally declines as reserves are depleted, while related per-unit production costs generally increase as a result of decreasing reservoir pressures and other factors. therefore, unless the company adds reserves through exploration and development activities, identifies additional behind-pipe zones, secondary recovery reserves, or tertiary recovery reserves through engineering studies, or acquires additional properties containing proved reserves, the company's estimated proved reserves will decline materially as reserves are produced. future oil and gas production is, therefore, highly dependent upon the company's level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves on an economic basis. furthermore, as oil or natural gas prices increase, the company's cost for additional reserves could also increase.
the company may fail to fully identify potential problems related to acquired reserves or to properly estimate those reserves.
although the company performs a review of properties that it acquires, which the company believes is consistent with industry practices, such reviews are inherently incomplete. it generally is not feasible to review in-depth every individual property involved in each acquisition. ordinarily, the company will focus its review efforts on the higher-value properties and will sample the remainder. however, even a detailed review of records and properties may not necessarily reveal existing or potential problems, nor will it permit the company as a buyer to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to assess fully and accurately their deficiencies and potential. inspections may not always be performed on every well, and environmental problems, such as groundwater contamination, are not necessarily observable even when an inspection is undertaken. even when problems are identified, the company often assumes certain environmental and other risks and liabilities in connection with acquired properties. there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved oil and gas reserves and future production rates and costs with respect to acquired properties, and actual results may vary substantially from those assumed in the estimates. in addition, there can be no assurance that acquisitions will not have an adverse effect upon the company's operating results, particularly during the periods in which the operations of acquired businesses are being integrated into the company's ongoing operations.
crude oil, natural gas, and ngl reserves are estimates, and actual recoveries may vary significantly.
there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating crude oil, natural gas, and ngl reserves and their value. reservoir engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of crude oil, natural gas, and ngls that cannot be measured in an exact manner. because of the high degree of judgment involved, the accuracy of any reserve estimate is inherently imprecise and a function of the quality of available data and the engineering and geological interpretation. the company's reserves estimates are based on 12-month average prices, except where contractual arrangements exist; therefore, reserves quantities will change when actual prices increase or decrease. in addition, results of drilling, testing, and production may substantially change the reserve estimates for a given reservoir over time. the estimates of the company's proved reserves and estimated future net revenues also depend on a number of factors and assumptions that may vary considerably from actual results, including historical production from the area compared with production from other areas, the effects of regulations by governmental agencies, including changes to severance and excise taxes, future operating costs and capital expenditures, and workover and remediation costs.
for these reasons, estimates of the economically recoverable quantities of crude oil, natural gas, and ngls attributable to any particular group of properties, classifications of those reserves, and estimates of the future net cash flows expected from them prepared by different engineers or by the same engineers but at different times may vary substantially. accordingly, reserves estimates may be subject to upward or downward adjustment, and actual production, revenue, and expenditures with respect to the company's reserves likely will vary, possibly materially, from estimates.
additionally, because some of the company's reserves estimates are calculated using volumetric analysis, those estimates are less reliable than the estimates based on a lengthy production history. volumetric analysis involves estimating the volume of a reservoir based on the net feet of pay of the structure and an estimation of the area covered by the structure. in addition, realization or recognition of proved undeveloped reserves will depend on the company's development schedule and plans. a change in future development plans for proved undeveloped reserves could cause the discontinuation of the classification of these reserves as proved.
certain of the company's undeveloped leasehold acreage is subject to leases that will expire over the next several years unless production is established on units containing the acreage.
a sizeable portion of the company's acreage is currently undeveloped. unless production in paying quantities is established on units containing certain of these leases during their terms, the leases will expire. if the leases expire, the company will lose its right to develop the related properties. the company's drilling plans for these areas are subject to change based upon various factors, including drilling results, commodity prices, the availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs, availability of drilling services and equipment, gathering system and pipeline transportation constraints, and regulatory approvals.
risks related to counterparties the credit risk of financial institutions could adversely affect the company.
the company is party to numerous transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, investment banks, insurance companies, other investment funds, and other institutions. these transactions expose the company to credit risk in the event of default of the counterparty. deterioration in the credit or financial markets may impact the credit ratings of the company's current and potential counterparties and affect their ability to fulfill their existing obligations to the company and their willingness to enter into future transactions with the company. the company may also have exposure to financial institutions in the form of derivative transactions in connection with any hedges. the company also has exposure to insurance companies in the form of claims under the company's policies. in addition, if any lender under the company's credit facilities is unable to fund its commitment, the company's liquidity will be reduced by an amount up to the aggregate amount of such lender's commitment under the credit facilities.
the company is exposed to a risk of financial loss if a counterparty fails to perform under a derivative contract. this risk of counterparty non-performance is of particular concern given the recent volatility of the financial markets and significant changes in commodity prices, which could lead to sudden changes in a counterparty's liquidity and impair its ability to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. the company is unable to predict sudden changes in a counterparty's creditworthiness or ability to perform. even if the company does accurately predict sudden changes, its ability to negate the risk may be limited depending upon market conditions. furthermore, the bankruptcy of one or more of the company's hedge providers or some other similar proceeding or liquidity constraint might make it unlikely that the company would be able to collect all or a significant portion of amounts owed to it by the distressed entity or entities. during periods of falling commodity prices, the company's hedge receivable positions increase, which increases the company's exposure. if the creditworthiness of the counterparties deteriorates and results in their nonperformance, the company could incur a significant loss.
the distressed financial conditions of the company's partners and the purchasers of the company's products or assets have had and could have an adverse impact on the company in the event they are unable to reimburse the company for their share of costs or to pay the company for the products or services the company provides.
concerns about global economic conditions and the volatility of oil, natural gas, and ngl prices have had a significant adverse impact on the oil and gas industry. the company is exposed to risk of financial loss from trade, joint venture, joint interest billing, and other receivables. the company sells its crude oil, natural gas, and ngls to a variety of purchasers. as operator, the company pays expenses and bills its non-operating partners for their respective shares of costs. as a result of recent economic conditions and the previously severe decline in commodity prices, some of the company's customers and non-operating partners experienced severe financial problems that had a significant impact on their creditworthiness. the company cannot provide assurance that one or more of its financially distressed customers or non-operating partners will not default on their obligations to the company or that such a default or defaults will not have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial position, future results of operations, or future cash flows. furthermore, the bankruptcy of one or more of the company's customers or non-operating partners or some other similar proceeding or liquidity constraint have made it and might make it unlikely that the company will or would be able to collect all or a significant portion of amounts owed by the distressed entity or entities. nonperformance by a trade creditor or non-operating partner could result in significant financial losses.
the company's liabilities could be adversely affected in the event one or more of its transaction counterparties become the subject of a bankruptcy case.
from time to time the company divests noncore or nonstrategic domestic and international assets. the agreements relating to these transactions contain provisions pursuant to which liabilities related to past and future operations have been allocated between the parties by means of liability assumptions, indemnities, escrows, trusts, bonds, letters of credit, and similar arrangements. one of the most significant of these liabilities involves the decommissioning of wells and facilities previously owned by the company. one or more of the counterparties in these transactions could fail to perform its obligations under these agreements as a result of financial distress. in the event that any such counterparty becomes the subject of a case or proceeding under title 11 of the united states code or any other relevant insolvency law or similar law (which are collectively referred to as insolvency laws), the counterparty may not perform its obligations under the agreements related to these transactions. in that case, the company's remedy in the proceeding would be a claim for damages for the breach of the contractual arrangements, which may be either a secured claim or an unsecured claim depending on whether or not the company has collateral from the counterparty for the performance of the obligations. resolution of the company's claim for damages in such a proceeding may be delayed, and the company may be forced to use available cash to cover the costs of the obligations assumed by the counterparties under such agreements should they arise, pending final resolution of the proceeding.
despite the provisions in the company's agreements requiring purchasers of its state or federal leasehold interests to assume certain liabilities and obligations related to such interests, if a purchaser of such interests becomes the subject of a case or proceeding under relevant insolvency laws or becomes unable financially to perform such liabilities or obligations, the company would expect the relevant governmental authorities to require it to perform and hold it responsible for such liabilities and obligations. in such event, the company may be forced to use available cash to cover the costs of such liabilities and obligations should they arise.
if a court or a governmental authority were to make any of the foregoing determinations or take any of the foregoing actions, or any similar determination or action, it could adversely impact the company's cash flows, operations, or financial condition.
for additional information regarding apache's prior gulf of mexico properties and the bankruptcy of the purchaser of those properties, see the information set forth under "potential decommissioning obligations on sold properties" in note 11-commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the company does not always control decisions made under joint operating agreements or joint ventures, and the parties to such agreements or ventures may fail to meet their obligations.
the company conducts many of its exploration and production (e&p) operations through joint operating agreements or joint ventures with other parties. the company may not control decisions made under such agreements or ventures, either because it does not have a controlling interest in the venture or is not an operator under the agreement. there is risk that the other parties to these arrangements may have economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with the company's, and, therefore, decisions may be made that the company does not believe are in its best interest. moreover, parties to such agreements or ventures may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations, and the company may be required to fulfill those obligations alone. in either case, the value of the investment and the company's business and financial condition may be adversely affected.
risks related to capital markets a downgrade in the company's credit rating could negatively impact its cost of and ability to access capital.
the company receives debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies in the u.s. factors that may impact the company's credit ratings include its debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales, and near-term and long-term production growth opportunities. liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, product mix, commodity pricing levels, and other factors are also considered by the rating agencies. a ratings downgrade could adversely impact the company's ability to access debt markets in the future and increase the cost of future debt. during 2022, the company's credit rating was affirmed by moody's as ba1/positive and by standard and poor's as bb+/positive. past ratings downgrades have required, and any future downgrades may require, the company to post letters of credit or other forms of collateral for certain obligations.
market conditions may restrict the company's ability to obtain funds for future development and working capital needs, which may limit its financial flexibility.
the financial markets are subject to fluctuation and are vulnerable to unpredictable shocks. the company has a significant development project inventory and an extensive exploration portfolio, which will require substantial future investment. the company and/or its partners may need to seek financing to fund these or other future activities. the company's future access to capital, as well as that of its partners and contractors, could be limited if the debt or equity markets are constrained. this could significantly delay development of the company's property interests.
the company's syndicated credit facilities currently mature in april 2027. there is no assurance of the terms upon which potential lenders under future agreements will make loans or other extensions of credit available to the company or its subsidiaries or the composition of such lenders.
the company's ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to limitations.
the payment of future dividends on the company's capital stock is subject to the discretion of the company's board of directors, which considers, among other factors, the company's operating results, overall financial condition, credit-risk considerations, and capital requirements, as well as general business and market conditions. the board of directors is not required to declare dividends on apa's common stock and may decide not to declare dividends.
any indentures and other financing agreements that the company enters into in the future may limit its ability to pay cash dividends on its capital stock, including apa common stock. in addition, under delaware law, dividends on capital stock may only be paid from "surplus," which is the amount by which the fair value of the company's total assets exceeds the sum of its total liabilities, including contingent liabilities, and the amount of its capital; if there is no surplus, cash dividends on capital stock may only be paid from the company's net profits for the then-current and/or the preceding fiscal year. further, even if the company is permitted under its contractual obligations and delaware law to pay cash dividends on common stock, the company may not have sufficient cash to pay dividends in cash on its common stock.
actions by advocacy groups to advance climate change and energy transition initiatives, unfavorable esg ratings, and funding limitation initiatives may lead to negative investor and public sentiment toward the company and to the diversion of capital from companies in the oil and gas industry, which could negatively impact the company's access to and costs of capital or the market for the company's securities.
organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings for evaluating companies on their approach to esg matters. such ratings are used by some investors to inform and advise their investment and voting decisions. unfavorable esg ratings may lead to negative investor and public sentiment toward the company, which may cause the market for the company's securities to be negatively impacted.
in addition, a number of advocacy groups, both domestically and internationally, have campaigned for governmental and private action to influence change in the business strategies in oil and gas companies, including through the investment and voting practices of investment advisers, public pension funds, universities, and other members of the investing community. these activities include increasing attention and demands for action related to climate change and energy transition matters, such as promoting the use of substitutes to fossil fuel products and encouraging the divestment of investments in the oil and gas industry, as well as pressuring lenders and other financial services companies to limit or curtail activities with oil and gas companies. if investors or financial institutions shift funding away from companies in the oil and gas industry, the company's access to and costs of capital or the market for the company's securities may be negatively impacted.
risks related to financial results future economic conditions in the u.s. and international markets may materially adversely impact the company's operating results.
current global market conditions and uncertainty, including economic instability in emerging markets, are likely to have significant long-term effects on the company's operating results. global economic growth drives demand for energy from all sources, including fossil fuels. a lower future economic growth rate could result in decreased demand growth for the company's oil and natural gas production as well as lower commodity prices, which would reduce the company's cash flows from operations and its profitability.
the company faces strong industry competition that may have a significant negative impact on the company's results of operations.
strong competition exists in all sectors of the oil and gas e&p industry. the company competes with major integrated and other independent oil and gas companies for acquisitions of oil and gas leases, properties, and reserves, equipment and labor required to explore, develop, and operate those properties, and marketing of crude oil, natural gas, and ngl production. crude oil, natural gas, and ngl prices impact the costs of properties available for acquisition and the number of companies with the financial resources to pursue acquisition opportunities. many of the company's competitors have financial and other resources substantially larger than the company possesses and have established strategic, long-term positions and maintain strong governmental relationships in countries in which the company may seek new entry. as a consequence, the company may be at a competitive disadvantage in bidding for drilling rights. in addition, many of the company's larger competitors may have a competitive advantage when responding to factors that affect demand for oil and gas production, such as fluctuating worldwide commodity prices and levels of production, the cost and availability of alternative fuels, and the application of government regulations. the company also competes in attracting and retaining personnel, including geologists, geophysicists, engineers, and other specialists. these competitive pressures may have a significant negative impact on the company's results of operations.
the company's ability to utilize net operating losses and other tax attributes to reduce future taxable income may be limited if the company experiences an ownership change.
as described in note 10-income taxes of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, the company has substantial net operating loss carryforwards (nols) and other tax attributes available to potentially offset future taxable income. if the company were to experience an "ownership change" under section 382 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change, by value, in the company's equity ownership by five-percent shareholders over a three-year period, the company's ability to utilize its pre-change nols and other pre-change tax attributes to potentially offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. such a limitation could materially adversely affect the company's operating results or cash flows by effectively increasing its future tax obligations.
risks related to governmental regulation and political risks the company may incur significant costs related to environmental matters.
as an owner or lessee and operator of oil and gas properties, the company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations relating to the discharge of materials into and protection of the environment. these laws and regulations may, among other things, impose liability on the lessee under an oil and gas lease for the cost of pollution cleanup and other remediation activities resulting from operations, subject the lessee to liability for pollution and other damages, limit or constrain operations in affected areas, and require suspension or cessation of operations in affected areas. the company's efforts to limit its exposure to such liability and cost may prove inadequate and result in significant adverse effects to the company's results of operations. in addition, it is possible that the increasingly strict requirements imposed by environmental laws and enforcement policies could require the company to make significant capital expenditures. such capital expenditures could adversely impact the company's cash flows and its financial condition.
the company's u.s. operations are subject to governmental risks.
the company's u.s. operations have been, and at times in the future may be, affected by political developments and by federal, state, and local laws and regulations such as restrictions on production, changes in taxes, royalties and other amounts payable to governments or governmental agencies, price or gathering rate controls, and environmental protection laws and regulations.
in response to the deepwater horizon incident in the u.s. gulf of mexico in april 2010 and as directed by the secretary of the u.s. department of the interior, the bureau of ocean energy management (boem) and the bureau of safety and environmental enforcement (bsee) issued guidelines and regulations regarding safety, environmental matters, drilling equipment, and decommissioning applicable to drilling in the gulf of mexico. these regulations imposed additional requirements and caused delays with respect to development and production activities in the gulf of mexico.
with respect to oil and gas operations in the gulf of mexico, the boem issued a notice to lessees (ntl no. 2016-n01) significantly revising the obligations of companies operating in the gulf of mexico to provide supplemental assurances of performance with respect to plugging, abandonment, and decommissioning obligations associated with wells, platforms, structures, and facilities located upon or used in connection with such companies' oil and gas leases. while the ntl was paused in mid-2017 and is currently listed on boem's website as "rescinded," if reinstated, the ntl will likely require that apache provide additional security to boem with respect to plugging, abandonment, and decommissioning obligations relating to apache's current ownership interests in various gulf of mexico leases. additionally, the company is not able to predict the effect that these changes might have on counterparties to which apache has sold gulf of mexico assets or with whom apache has joint ownership. such changes could cause the bonding obligations of such parties to increase substantially, thereby causing a significant impact on the counterparties' solvency and ability to continue as a going concern.
new political developments, the enactment of new or stricter laws or regulations or other governmental actions impacting the company's u.s. operations, and increased liability for companies operating in this sector may adversely impact the company's results of operations.
proposed federal, state, or local regulation regarding hydraulic fracturing could increase the company's operating and capital costs.
several proposals are before the u.s. congress that, if implemented, would either prohibit or restrict the practice of hydraulic fracturing or subject the process to regulation under the safe drinking water act. several states and political subdivisions are considering legislation, ballot initiatives, executive orders, or other actions to regulate hydraulic fracturing practices that could impose more stringent permitting, transparency, and well construction requirements on hydraulic-fracturing operations or otherwise seek to ban fracturing activities altogether. hydraulic fracturing of wells and subsurface water disposal are also under public and governmental scrutiny due to potential environmental and physical impacts, including possible contamination of groundwater and drinking water and possible links to induced seismicity. in addition, some municipalities have significantly limited or prohibited drilling activities and/or hydraulic fracturing or are considering doing so. the company routinely uses fracturing techniques in the u.s. and other regions to expand the available space for natural gas and oil to migrate toward the wellbore. it is typically done at substantial depths in formations with low permeability.
although it is not possible at this time to predict the final outcome of the governmental actions regarding hydraulic fracturing, any new federal, state, or local restrictions on hydraulic fracturing that may be imposed in areas in which the company conducts business could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions in the u.s.
changes in tax rules and regulations, or interpretations thereof, may adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the u.s. federal and state income tax laws affecting oil and gas exploration, development, and extraction may be modified by administrative, legislative, or judicial interpretation at any time. previous legislative proposals, if enacted into law, could make significant changes to such laws, including the elimination of certain key u.s. federal income tax incentives currently available to oil and gas e&p companies. these changes include, but are not limited to, (i) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties, (ii) the elimination of current deductions for intangible drilling and development costs, and (iii) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. the passage or adoption of these changes, or similar changes, could eliminate or postpone certain tax deductions that are currently available with respect to oil and gas exploration and development. the company is unable to predict whether any of these changes or other proposals will be enacted. any such changes could adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations.
on may 26, 2022, the u.k. chancellor of the exchequer announced a new tax (the energy profits levy) on the profits of oil and gas companies operating in the u.k. and the u.k. continental shelf. under the new law, an additional levy is assessed at a 25 percent rate and is effective for the period of may 26, 2022, through december 31, 2025. on november 17, 2022, the u.k. chancellor of the exchequer announced in the autumn statement 2022 further changes to the energy profits levy, increasing the levy assessed from a 25 percent rate to a 35 percent rate, effective for the period of january 1, 2023, through march 31, 2028. on november 22, 2022, the u.k. government published draft legislation to implement this change, among other provisions, and on january 10, 2023, the finance act 2023 was enacted, receiving royal assent. the impact of this tax could adversely affect the company's future financial condition and cash flows.
on august 16, 2022, the u.s. enacted the inflation reduction act of 2022 (ira). among other changes, the ira introduced a new 15% corporate alternative minimum tax (corporate amt) for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2022 on applicable corporations with an average annual adjusted financial statement income (afsi) that exceeds $1.0 billion for any three consecutive tax years preceding the tax year at issue. if the company were to meet this average afsi test, any resulting corporate amt liability could adversely affect the company's future financial results, including earnings and cash flows. additionally, the ira introduced a 1% excise tax on the fair market value of applicable stock repurchases after december 31, 2022. the impact of this provision will be dependent on the extent of any share repurchases made by the company in future periods and could adversely affect the company's future financial condition and cash flows.
risks related to climate change the impacts of energy transition could adversely affect the company's business, operating results, and financial condition.
in recent years, increasing attention has been given to corporate activities related to climate change and energy transition. this focus, together with shifting preferences and attitudes with respect to the generation and consumption of energy, the use of hydrocarbons, and the use of products manufactured with, or powered by, hydrocarbons, may result in increased availability of, and demand for, energy sources other than oil and natural gas, including wind, solar, and hydroelectric power; technological advances with respect to the generation, transmission, storage, and consumption of alternative energy sources; and development of, and increased demand from consumers and industries for, lower-emission products and services, including electric vehicles and renewable residential and commercial power supplies, as well as more energy-efficient products and services.
these developments could adversely impact the demand for products powered by or manufactured with hydrocarbons and the demand for the company's, and in turn the prices it receives for its, crude oil, natural gas, and ngl products, which could materially and adversely affect the company's business and financial performance.
changes to existing regulations related to emissions and the impact of any changes in climate could adversely impact the company's business.
certain countries where the company operates, including the u.k., either tax or assess some form of greenhouse gas (ghg) related fees on the company's operations. exposure has not been material to date, although a change in existing regulations could adversely affect the company's cash flows and results of operations. additionally, there has been discussion in other countries where the company operates, including the u.s., regarding legislation or regulation of ghgs, including to monitor and limit existing emissions of ghgs and to restrict or eliminate future emissions. moreover, in january 2021, the president issued an executive order that commits to substantial action on climate change, calling for, among other things, the elimination of subsidies provided to the fossil fuel industry and increased emphasis on climate-related risk across governmental agencies and economic sectors.
additionally, various states and groups of states have adopted or are considering adopting legislation, regulations, or other regulatory initiatives that are focused on such areas as ghg cap-and-trade programs, carbon taxes, reporting and tracking programs, restriction of emissions, electric vehicle mandates, and combustion engine phaseouts. any such legislation or regulatory programs could also increase the cost of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for, oil, natural gas, and ngls. additionally, political, litigation, and financial risks related to climate change may result in curtailed refinery activity, increased regulation, or other adverse direct and indirect effects on the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations. for example, there is a risk that financial institutions will be required to adopt policies that have the effect of reducing the funding provided to the fossil fuel sector. recently, the federal reserve announced that it has joined the network for greening the financial system, a consortium of financial regulators focused on addressing climate-related risks in the financial sector.
any such legislation, regulations, or other regulatory initiatives, if enacted, or additional or increased taxes, assessments, or ghg-related fees on the company's operations could lead to increased operating expenses or cause the company to make significant capital investments for infrastructure modifications.
enhanced focus on esg matters could have an adverse effect on the company's operations.
enhanced focus on esg matters related to, among other things, concerns raised by advocacy groups about climate change, hydraulic fracturing, waste disposal, oil spills, and explosions of natural gas transmission pipelines may lead to increased regulatory review, which may, in turn, lead to new state and federal safety and environmental laws, regulations, guidelines, and enforcement interpretations. these actions may cause operational delays or restrictions, increased operating costs, additional regulatory burdens, increased risk of litigation, and adverse impacts on the company's access to capital. moreover, governmental authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing and scope of permit issuance, and the public may engage in the permitting process, including through intervention in the courts. negative public perception could cause the permits the company requires to conduct its operations to be withheld, delayed, or burdened by requirements that restrict the company's ability to profitably conduct its business.
the company's estimates used in various scenario planning analyses could differ materially from actual results and could expose the company to new or additional risks.
in 2021, the company undertook a scenario planning analysis in alignment with recommendations of the financial stability board's taskforce on climate-related financial disclosures (tcfd). this expanded climate-focused scenario planning framework included forecasts of future demand and pricing in energy markets, as well as changes in government regulations and policy. given the dynamic nature of the company's business, the company generally performs annual scenario analyses with five-year time horizons. when analyzing longer-term tcfd scenarios, the company relies on external analysis for demand scenarios, carbon pricing, and comparison-pricing scenarios, which are then compared to the company's internally prepared base-case pricing analysis averaged out to 2040. given the numerous estimates that are required to run these scenarios, the company's estimates could differ materially from actual results. additionally, by electing to set and share publicly these metrics in the company's sustainability report and the company's commitment to expand upon its disclosures, the company's business may also face increased scrutiny related to esg initiatives. as a result, the company could damage its reputation if it fails to act responsibly in the areas in which it reports. any harm to the company's reputation resulting from setting these metrics, expanding its disclosures, or its failure or perceived failure to meet such metrics or disclosures could adversely affect the company's business, financial performance, and growth.
the company operates in gulf coast wetlands, which face threats from climate change and human activities.
a changing climate creates uncertainty and could result in broad changes, both physical and financial, to the areas in which the company operates, including gulf coast wetlands. for several decades, the state of louisiana has lost an estimated 20 square miles of wetlands per year, due to natural processes of subsidence, saltwater intrusion, and shoreline erosion, as well as human activities, such as levee construction along the mississippi river and the dredging of navigation canals. a possible result of climate change is more frequent and more severe weather events, such as hurricanes and major flooding events. the risk of increased or more severe hurricanes or flooding events along or near the gulf coast could increase the company's costs to repair damaged facilities and restore production. additionally, federal, state, and local laws and regulations may impose numerous obligations applicable to the company's operations, including: (i) the limitation or prohibition of certain activities on wetlands; (ii) the imposition of substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from operations; (iii) the reporting of the types and quantities of various substances that are generated, stored, processed, or released in connection with protected properties; and (iv) the installation of costly emission monitoring and/or pollution control equipment. failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil, or criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory or remedial obligations, and the issuance of orders limiting or prohibiting some or all of the company's operations. in addition, the company may experience delays in obtaining or be unable to obtain required permits, which may delay or interrupt the company's operations or specific projects and limit its growth and revenue.
the guidance upon which the company's consumptive water use reporting was modified and could be revised in the future, resulting in the over or underreporting of the company's consumptive water use, and could expose the company to financial risk.
based on ipieca's sustainability reporting guidance of the oil and gas industry (2020), the company modified the way it reports its water data compared to previous years and also restated data from past years. previously, the company included produced water usage in its consumptive use calculations, which led to an over-reporting of consumptive water use. based on re-evaluation of water reporting definitions and guidance, the company determined that produced water - non-potable water released from deep underground formations and brought to the surface during oil and gas exploration and production - should not be classified as consumed in the same sense as fresh water. produced water is generally not of the quality that most users would be able to utilize and is therefore not available for third-party usage outside of the oilfield. the company's revised reporting now reflects only fresh water and non-potable water from surface water or shallow groundwater that are consumed in oil and gas operations.
the treatment and disposal of produced water is becoming more highly regulated and restricted and could expose the company to additional costs or limit certain operations.
the treatment and disposal of produced water is becoming more highly regulated and restricted. the company's ability to accurately report and track its water use is necessary for its continued ability to reuse and recycle water, when possible. while the company remains focused on reusing or recycling water over disposal of water, the company's costs for obtaining and disposing of water could increase significantly if reusing and recycling water becomes impractical. further, compliance with reporting and environmental regulations governing the withdrawal, storage, use, and discharge of water may increase the company's operating costs, which could materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, and financial conditions.
in response to concerns regarding induced seismicity, regulators in some states have imposed, or are considering imposing, additional requirements in the permitting of produced water disposal wells to assess any relationship between seismicity and the use of such wells. for example, the railroad commission of texas (rrc) has been developing data associated with seismic activity, particularly such activity related to injection wells used for produced water disposal. in september 2021, the rrc began to limit saltwater disposal in the midland basin under what is known as a seismic response action (or sar) due to increased seismic activity.
among other things, these rules require companies seeking permits for disposal wells to provide seismic activity data in permit applications, provide for more frequent monitoring and reporting for certain wells, and allow the state to modify, suspend, or terminate permits on grounds that a disposal well is likely to be, or determined to be, causing seismic activity. states may issue orders to temporarily shut down or to curtail the injection depth of existing wells in the vicinity of seismic events. increased regulation and attention given to induced seismicity could also lead to greater opposition, including litigation to limit or prohibit oil and natural gas activities utilizing injection wells for produced water disposal. these developments could result in restriction of disposal wells that could have a material effect on the company's capital expenses and operating costs or limit production in certain areas.
risks related to international operations international operations have uncertain political, economic, and other risks.
the company's operations outside the u.s. are based primarily in egypt and the u.k., with significant exploration and appraisal activities offshore suriname. on a barrel equivalent basis, approximately 47 percent of the company's 2022 production was outside the u.s., and approximately 32 percent of the company's estimated proved oil and gas reserves as of december 31, 2022, were located outside the u.s. as a result, a significant portion of the company's production and resources are subject to the increased political and economic risks and other factors associated with international operations, including, but not limited to:
•general strikes and civil unrest;
•the risk of war, acts of terrorism, expropriation and resource nationalization, and forced renegotiation or modification of existing contracts, including through prospective or retroactive changes in the laws and regulations applicable to such contracts;
•import and export regulations;
•taxation policies, including royalty and tax increases and retroactive tax claims, and investment restrictions;
•price control;
•transportation regulations and tariffs;
•constrained oil or natural gas markets dependent on demand in a single or limited geographical area;
•exchange controls, currency fluctuations, devaluations, or other activities that limit or disrupt markets and restrict payments or the movement of funds;
•laws and policies of the u.s. affecting foreign trade, including trade sanctions;
•the long-term effects of the u.k.'s withdrawal from the european union, including any resulting instability in global financial markets or the value of foreign currencies such as the british pound;
•the possibility of being subject to exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts in connection with legal disputes relating to licenses to operate and concession rights in countries where the company currently operates;
•the possible inability to subject foreign persons, especially foreign oil ministries and national oil companies, to the jurisdiction of courts in the u.s.; and
•difficulties in enforcing the company's rights against a governmental agency because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity and foreign sovereignty over international operations.
foreign countries have occasionally asserted rights to oil and gas properties through border disputes. if a country claims superior rights to oil and gas leases or concessions granted to the company by another country, the company's interests could decrease in value or be lost. even the company's smaller international assets may affect its overall business and results of operations by distracting management's attention from its more significant assets. certain regions of the world in which the company operates have a history of political and economic instability. this instability could result in new governments or the adoption of new policies that might result in a substantially more hostile attitude toward foreign investments such as the company's. in an extreme case, such a change could result in termination of contract rights and expropriation of the company's assets. this could adversely affect the company's interests and its future profitability.
the impact that future terrorist attacks or regional hostilities, as have occurred in countries and regions in which the company operates, may have on the oil and gas industry in general and on the company's operations in particular is not known at this time. uncertainty surrounding military strikes or a sustained military campaign may affect operations in unpredictable ways, including disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil, and the possibility that infrastructure facilities, including pipelines, production facilities, processing plants, and refineries, could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror or war. the company may be required to incur significant costs in the future to safeguard its assets against terrorist activities.
a deterioration of conditions in egypt or changes in the economic and political environment in egypt could have an adverse impact on the company's business.
deterioration in the political, economic, and social conditions or other relevant policies of the egyptian government, such as changes in laws or regulations, export restrictions, expropriation of the company's assets or resource nationalization, and/or forced renegotiation or modification of the company's existing contracts with egyptian general petroleum corporation (egpc), or threats or acts of terrorism could materially and adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations. the company's operations in egypt, excluding the impacts of a one-third noncontrolling interest, contributed 28 percent of the company's 2022 production and accounted for 15 percent of the company's year-end estimated proved reserves and 22 percent of the company's estimated discounted future net cash flows.
the company's operations are sensitive to currency rate fluctuations.
the company's operations are sensitive to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly between the u.s. dollar and the british pound. the company's financial statements, presented in u.s. dollars, may be affected by foreign currency fluctuations through both translation risk and transaction risk. volatility in exchange rates may adversely affect the company's results of operations, particularly through the weakening of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies.
risks related to the holding company reorganization apa is dependent on the operations and funds of its subsidiaries, including apache.
as a result of the holding company reorganization, apa became the successor issuer to, and parent holding company of, apache. apa has no business operations of its own, and its only significant assets are the outstanding equity interests of its subsidiaries, including apache. as a result, apa relies on cash flows from its subsidiaries, including apache, to pay dividends with respect to apa's common stock and to meet its financial obligations, including to service any debt obligations that the company may incur from time to time. legal and contractual restrictions in agreements governing future indebtedness of apache, as well as apache's financial condition and future operating requirements, may limit apache's ability to distribute cash to the company. if apache is limited in its ability to distribute cash to the company, or if apache's earnings or other available assets of are not sufficient to pay distributions or make loans to the company in the amounts or at the times necessary for it to pay dividends with respect to its common stock and/or to meet its financial obligations, then the company's business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, and reputation may be materially adversely affected.
the company may not obtain the anticipated benefits of the reorganization into a holding company structure.
the company believes that its holding company structure allows it to focus on running its diverse businesses independently, with the goal of maximizing each of the business' potential. however, the anticipated benefits of the holding company reorganization may not be obtained if circumstances prevent the company from taking advantage of the strategic and business opportunities that it expects the structure may afford the company. as a result, the company may incur the costs of a holding company structure without realizing the anticipated benefits, which could adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations.
general risk factors certain anti-takeover provisions in the company's charter and delaware law could delay or prevent a hostile takeover.
the company's charter authorizes the board of directors to issue preferred stock in one or more series and to determine the voting rights and dividend rights, dividend rates, liquidation preferences, conversion rights, redemption rights, including sinking fund provisions and redemption prices, and other terms and rights of each series of preferred stock. in addition, delaware law imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between the company and any holder of 15 percent or more of apa's outstanding common stock. these provisions may deter hostile takeover attempts that could result in an acquisition of the company that would have been financially beneficial to apa's shareholders.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion relates to apa corporation (apa or the company) and its consolidated subsidiaries and should be read together in conjunction with the company's consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k, and the risk factors and related information set forth in part i, item 1a and part ii, item 7a of this annual report on form 10-k. this section of this annual report on form 10-k generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k are incorporated by reference to "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of apache corporation's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021 (filed with the sec on february 22, 2022).
on march 1, 2021, apache corporation consummated a holding company reorganization (the holding company reorganization), pursuant to which apache corporation became a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of apa corporation, and all of apache corporation's outstanding shares automatically converted into equivalent corresponding shares of apa corporation. pursuant to the holding company reorganization, apa corporation became the successor issuer to apache corporation pursuant to rule 12g-3(a) under the exchange act and replaced apache corporation as the public company trading on the nasdaq global select market under the ticker symbol "apa." the holding company reorganization modernized the company's operating and legal structure to more closely align with its growing international presence, making it more consistent with other companies that have subsidiaries operating around the globe. as a holding company, apa corporation's primary assets are its ownership interests in its subsidiaries.
overview apa is an independent energy company that owns consolidated subsidiaries that explore for, develop, and produce natural gas, crude oil, and natural gas liquids (ngls). the company's upstream business currently has exploration and production operations in three geographic areas: the u.s., egypt, and offshore the u.k. in the north sea (north sea). apa also has active exploration and appraisal operations ongoing in suriname, as well as interests in the dominican republic and other international locations that may, over time, result in reportable discoveries and development opportunities. prior to the bcp business combination defined below, the company's midstream business was operated by altus. altus owned, developed, and operated a midstream energy asset network in the permian basin of west texas.
apa believes energy underpins global progress, and the company wants to be a part of the conversation and solution as society works to meet growing global demand for reliable and affordable energy. apa strives to meet those challenges while creating value for all its stakeholders.
early in 2020, impacts of the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic and related governmental actions began to exert significant downward pressure on crude oil and natural gas prices. since that time, commodity prices worldwide have largely rebounded; however, uncertainties in the global supply chain, commodity prices, and financial markets, including the impact of inflation, rising interest rates, and the conflict in ukraine continue to impact oil supply and demand. despite these uncertainties, the company remains committed to its longer-term objectives: (1) to maintain a balanced asset portfolio, including advancement of ongoing exploration and appraisal activities offshore suriname; (2) to invest for long-term returns over production growth; and (3) to budget conservatively to generate cash flow in excess of its upstream exploration, appraisal, and development capital program that can be directed to debt reduction, share repurchases, and other return of capital to its shareholders. the company continues to aggressively manage its cost structure regardless of the oil price environment and closely monitors hydrocarbon pricing fundamentals to reallocate capital as part of its ongoing planning process. for additional detail on the company's forward capital investment outlook, refer to "capital and operational outlook" below.
during 2022, the company reported net income attributable to common stock of $3.7 billion, or $11.02 per diluted share, compared to net income of $973 million, or $2.59 per diluted share, in 2021. net income in 2022 benefited from higher commodity prices and increased revenues attributable to a new merged concession agreement in egypt. the increase in realized prices was primarily driven by the effects of global inflation, the conflict in ukraine on global commodity prices, and uncertainties around spare capacity and energy security globally.
the company generated $4.9 billion of cash from operating activities in 2022, which was $1.4 billion or 41 percent higher than the prior year. apa's higher operating cash flows for 2022 were driven by higher crude oil and natural gas prices and associated revenues. since year-end 2021, the company has reduced its total outstanding debt and redeemable preferred interests by $2 billion and $712 million, respectively, through the deconsolidation of altm and the retirement of outstanding notes and debentures. the company also repurchased 36.2 million shares of its common stock for $1.4 billion during 2022. the company had $245 million of cash on hand at december 31, 2022.
the company remains committed to its capital return framework established in 2021 for equity holders to participate more directly and materially in cash returns.
•the company believes returning 60 percent of cash flow over capital investment creates a good balance for providing near-term cash returns to shareholders while still recognizing the importance of longer-term balance sheet strengthening.
•the company's quarterly dividend was increased in the fourth quarter of 2021 from $0.0625 per share to $0.125 per share. the dividend was further increased in the third quarter of 2022 to $0.25 per share, representing a return to pre-covid-19 dividend levels.
•beginning in the fourth quarter of 2021 and through the end of 2022, the company has repurchased 67.4 million shares of the company's common stock. as of december 31, 2022, the company had remaining authorization to repurchase up to 52.6 million shares under the company's share repurchase programs.
the company does not anticipate any significant changes to activity levels in its three-year capital investment program or capital return framework in the context of higher strip oil and gas prices, remaining committed to safe, steady, and efficient operations across all assets and returning free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
operational highlights key operational highlights for the year include:
united states
•daily boe production from the company's u.s. assets, which decreased 8 percent from the prior year end, accounted for 53 percent of its total worldwide production during 2022. during 2022, the company averaged 4 drilling rigs in the u.s., averaging 2 rigs each in the southern midland basin and delaware basin assets. the company's core midland basin development program and newly acquired properties in the texas delaware basin are expected to represent key growth areas for the u.s. assets.
international
•in december 2021, the egyptian president signed and ratified the previously announced agreement with the egyptian ministry of petroleum and the egyptian general petroleum corporation (egpc) to modernize the terms of the majority of the company's production-sharing contracts, having an effective date of april 1, 2021. the new merged concession agreement (mca) consolidated 98 percent of gross acreage and 90 percent of gross production under one concession agreement and refreshes the existing development lease terms for 20 years and exploration leases for 5 years. the consolidated concession has a single cost recovery pool that provides improved access to cost recovery, a fixed 40 percent cost recovery limit, and a fixed profit-sharing rate of 30 percent for all the company's production covered under the new concession. the changes also simplify the contractual relationship with egpc, facilitate recovery of prior investment, and update day-to-day operational governance. the apache entity that is the sole contractor is owned two-thirds by apache and one-third by sinopec international petroleum exploration and production corporation (sinopec).
•egypt gross equivalent production decreased 1 percent and net production increased 26 percent from 2021, primarily a function of improved cost recovery under the new merged concession agreement ratified at the end of 2021. the company continues to build and enhance its drilling inventory in egypt, supplemented with recent seismic acquisitions and new play concept evaluations on both new and existing acreage. the company continues to increase drilling and workover activity as a result of the merged concession agreement. egypt production growth is building on improvements in new well connections and recompletion activity.
•during 2022, the company focused on several environmental initiatives in egypt and has delivered on its 2022 upstream flaring reduction goal by flaring at least 40 percent less gas than would otherwise be flared without these initiatives, with the company now compressing this gas into sales lines.
•the north sea maintained two drilling rigs during 2022. production was negatively impacted by considerable planned and unplanned downtime at beryl and forties during the third quarter of 2022, improving in the fourth quarter of 2022 following completion of these maintenance activities.
•during the second quarter of 2022, the company announced flow test results from the krabdagu exploration well on block 58 offshore suriname, which encountered approximately 32 meters of net pay in each of the upper campanian and lower campanian zones. since 2019, the company and totalenergies have drilled or participated in five discovery wells in the block, the maka central-1, sapakara west-1, kwaskwasi-1, keskesi east-1, and krabdagu-1, all of which successfully tested for the presence of hydrocarbons. ongoing exploration and appraisal drilling is continuing to confirm additional resource and optimal development well locations. apa holds a 50 percent working interest in block 58, with totalenergies, the operator, holding the other 50 percent working interest.
•during the third quarter of 2022, the company announced an oil discovery offshore suriname at baja-1 in block 53. baja-1 was drilled to a depth of 5,290 meters and encountered 34 meters of net oil pay in a single interval within the campanian. fluid and log analysis indicates light oil with a gas-oil ratio of 1,600 to 2,200 standard cubic feet per barrel. evaluation of open-hole well logs, cores, and reservoir fluids is ongoing. the company also received regulatory approval regarding an amendment to the block 53 production-sharing contract which provides options to extend the exploration period of the contract. the first option was executed and extended the license to year-end 2023, with the option to extend further, subject to certain other investment commitments. apa is the operator and holds a 45 percent interest in block 53.
for a more detailed discussion related to the company's various geographic segments, refer to "upstream exploration and production properties-operating areas" set forth in part i, item 1 and 2 of this annual report on form 10-k.
acquisition and divestiture activity over the company's history, it has repeatedly demonstrated the ability to capitalize quickly and decisively on changes in its industry and economic conditions. a key component of this strategy is to continuously review and optimize apa's portfolio of assets in response to these changes. most recently, the company has completed a series of acquisitions and divestitures designed to enhance the company's portfolio and monetize nonstrategic assets in order to allocate resources to more impactful exploration and development opportunities. these acquisitions and divestitures during 2022 include:
•bcp business combination on february 22, 2022, altm closed a transaction to combine with privately owned bcp raptor holdco lp (bcp and, together with bcp raptor holdco gp, llc, the contributed entities) in an all-stock transaction, pursuant to the contribution agreement entered into by and among altm, altus midstream lp, new bcp raptor holdco, llc (the contributor), and bcp (the bcp contribution agreement). upon closing the transaction, the combined entity was renamed kinetik holdings inc. (kinetik). as consideration for the contribution of the contributed interests, altm issued 50 million shares of class c common stock (and altus midstream lp issued a corresponding number of common units) to bcp's unitholders.
altm's stockholders continued to hold their existing shares of altm common stock. apache midstream llc, a wholly owned subsidiary of apa, which owned approximately 79 percent of the issued and outstanding shares of altm common stock prior to the bcp business combination, owned approximately 20 percent of the issued and outstanding shares of kinetik common stock after the transaction closed. the company deconsolidated altm upon closing the transaction and recognized a gain of approximately $609 million that reflects the difference of the company's share of altm's deconsolidated balance sheet and the fair value of its 20 percent retained ownership in the combined entity.
subsequent to the close of the transaction, in march 2022, the company sold four million of its shares of kinetik class a common stock for $224 million, reducing the company's retained ownership percentage in kinetik to approximately 13 percent.
•delaware basin divestitures & acquisitions in the third quarter of 2022, the company closed on the acquisition of oil and gas assets surrounding core acreage in the delaware basin for approximately $615 million after post-closing adjustments. the company paid $591 million in connection with this acquisition during 2022, with final cash settlement anticipated to be completed during the first quarter of 2023. also during 2022, the company completed a previously announced transaction to sell certain non-core mineral rights in the delaware basin, for total cash proceeds of $726 million.
•u.s. leasehold acquisitions during 2022, the company completed other leasehold and property acquisitions, primarily in the permian basin, for total cash consideration of approximately $37 million.
•u.s. leasehold divestitures & other during 2022, the company completed the sale of non-core assets and leasehold in multiple transactions for total cash proceeds of $52 million.
for detailed information regarding apa's acquisitions and divestitures, refer to note 2-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
results of operations oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids production revenues the company's production revenues and respective contribution to total revenues by country are as follows:
for the year ended december 31,
2022                                                    2021                                                    2020
$ value                % contribution                   $ value                % contribution                   $ value                % contribution
($ in millions)
oil revenues:
united states                             $2,458                          36      %               $1,850                          40      %               $1,209                          39      %
egypt(1)                                   3,145                          46      %                1,806                          40      %                1,102                          35      %
north sea                                  1,232                          18      %                  929                          20      %                  795                          26      %
total(1)                                  $6,835                         100      %               $4,585                         100      %               $3,106                         100      %
natural gas revenues:
united states                               $918                          59      %                 $754                          62      %                 $251                          42      %
egypt(1)                                     370                          23      %                  270                          23      %                  280                          47      %
north sea                                    281                          18      %                  183                          15      %                   67                          11      %
total(1)                                  $1,569                         100      %               $1,207                         100      %                 $598                         100      %
ngl revenues:
united states                               $765                          94      %                 $673                          95      %                 $304                          91      %
egypt(1)                                       6                           1      %                    9                           1      %                    8                           3      %
north sea                                     45                           5      %                   24                           4      %                   21                           6      %
total(1)                                    $816                         100      %                 $706                         100      %                 $333                         100      %
oil and gas revenues:
united states                             $4,141                          45      %               $3,277                          50      %               $1,764                          44      %
egypt(1)                                   3,521                          38      %                2,085                          32      %                1,390                          34      %
north sea                                  1,558                          17      %                1,136                          18      %                  883                          22      %
total(1)                                  $9,220                         100      %               $6,498                         100      %               $4,037                         100      %
(1)includes revenues attributable to a noncontrolling interest in egypt.
production the following table presents production volumes by country:
for the year ended december 31,
2022                      increase                        2021                      increase                        2020
(decrease)                                                (decrease)
oil volumes - b/d:
united states(5)                                70,398                              (6)%                  75,205                             (15)%                  88,249
egypt(3)(4)                                     85,081                               21%                  70,349                              (7)%                  75,384
north sea                                       32,578                             (10)%                  36,265                             (28)%                  50,386
total                                          188,057                                3%                 181,819                             (15)%                 214,019
natural gas volumes - mcf/d:
united states(5)                               473,292                             (10)%                 527,461                              (6)%                 561,731
egypt(3)(4)                                    356,327                               35%                 263,653                              (4)%                 274,175
north sea                                       35,327                              (8)%                  38,565                             (33)%                  57,464
total                                          864,946                                4%                 829,679                              (7)%                 893,370
ngl volumes - b/d:
united states(5)                                62,727                              (5)%                  66,232                             (11)%                  74,136
egypt(3)(4)                                        196                             (63)%                     531                             (30)%                     754
north sea                                        1,111                              (7)%                   1,199                             (38)%                   1,936
total                                           64,034                              (6)%                  67,962                             (12)%                  76,826
boe per day:(1)
united states(5)                               212,007                              (8)%                 229,348                             (10)%                 256,007
egypt(3)(4)                                    144,665                               26%                 114,821                              (6)%                 121,834
north sea(2)                                    39,577                             (10)%                  43,892                             (29)%                  61,899
total                                          396,249                                2%                 388,061                             (12)%                 439,740
(1)the table shows production on a boe basis in which natural gas is converted to an equivalent barrel of oil based on a 6:1 energy equivalent ratio. this ratio is not reflective of the price ratio between the two products.
(2)average sales volumes from the north sea were 40,812 boe/d, 44,179 boe/d, and 62,157 boe/d for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. sales volumes may vary from production volumes as a result of the timing of liftings in the beryl field.
(3)gross oil, natural gas, and ngl production in egypt were as follows:
2022                    2021   2020
oil (b/d)                             137,260                 134,711                 164,104
natural gas (mcf/d)                   555,562                 586,663                 641,069
ngl (b/d)                                 297                     854                   1,429
(4)includes net production volumes per day attributable to a noncontrolling interest in egypt of:
2022                    2021                    2020
oil (b/d)                              28,200                  23,504                  25,206
natural gas (mcf/d)                   118,074                  88,409                  91,540
ngl (b/d)                                  65                     177                     251
(5)production volumes per day in the company's alpine high field were as follows:
2022   2021                    2020
oil (b/d)                                 777                   1,485                   2,718
natural gas (mcf/d)                   192,253                 258,096                 274,279
ngl (b/d)                              18,362                  22,950                  24,942
pricing the following table presents pricing information by country:
for the year ended december 31,
2022                      increase                        2021                      increase                        2020
(decrease)                                                (decrease)
average oil price - per barrel:
united states                                               $95.68                               42%                  $67.37                               80%                  $37.42
egypt                                                       101.25                               44%                   70.33                               76%                   39.95
north sea                                                   100.87                               45%                   69.67                               62%                   42.88
total                                                        99.11                               44%                   68.97                               74%                   39.60
average natural gas price - per mcf:
united states                                                $5.31                               35%                   $3.92                              221%                   $1.22
egypt                                                         2.85                                1%                    2.81                                1%                    2.79
north sea                                                    23.36                               80%                   12.96                              306%                    3.19
total                                                         4.98                               25%                    3.99                              118%                    1.83
average ngl price - per barrel:
united states                                               $33.41                               20%                  $27.85                              148%                  $11.21
egypt                                                        76.80                               57%                   48.84                               75%                   27.83
north sea                                                    67.07                               24%                   54.30                               83%                   29.73
total                                                        34.51                               21%                   28.48                              141%                   11.84
crude oil prices a substantial portion of the company's crude oil production is sold at prevailing market prices, which fluctuate in response to many factors that are outside of the company's control. average realized crude oil prices for 2022 were up 44 percent compared to 2021, a direct result of the rising benchmark oil prices over the past year. crude oil prices realized in 2022 averaged $99.11 per barrel.
continued volatility in the commodity price environment reinforces the importance of the company's asset portfolio. while the market price received for natural gas varies among geographic areas, crude oil tends to trade within a global market. price movements for all types and grades of crude oil generally move in the same direction.
natural gas prices natural gas, which currently has a limited global transportation system, is subject to price variances based on local supply and demand conditions. the company's primary markets include north america, egypt, and the u.k. an overview of the market conditions in the company's primary gas-producing regions follows:
•the company sells its u.s. natural gas production at liquid index sales points within the u.s., at either monthly or daily index-based prices. the company's u.s. realizations averaged $5.31 per mcf in 2022, a 35 percent increase from an average of $3.92 per mcf in 2021.
•in egypt, the company's natural gas is sold to egpc, primarily under an industry-pricing formula, a sliding scale based on dated brent crude oil with a minimum of $1.50 per mmbtu and a maximum of $2.65 per mmbtu, plus an upward adjustment for liquids content. overall, the company's egypt operations averaged $2.85 per mcf in 2022, a 1 percent increase from an average of $2.81 per mcf in 2021.
•natural gas from the north sea beryl field is processed through the sage gas plant. the gas is sold to a third party at the st. fergus entry point of the national grid on a national balancing point index price basis. the company's north sea operations averaged $23.36 per mcf in 2022, an 80 percent increase from an average of $12.96 per mcf in 2021.
ngl prices the company's u.s. ngl production, which accounted for 98 percent of the company's total 2022 ngl production, is sold under contracts with prices at market indices based on gulf coast supply and demand conditions, less the costs for transportation and fractionation, or on a weighted-average sales price received by the purchaser.
crude oil revenues crude oil revenues for 2022 totaled $6.8 billion, a $2.2 billion increase from the 2021 total of $4.6 billion. a 44 percent increase in average realized prices increased 2022 revenues by $2.0 billion compared to 2021, while 3 percent higher average daily production increased revenues by $251 million. average daily production in 2022 was 188 mb/d, with prices averaging $99.11 per barrel. crude oil sales accounted for 74 percent of the company's 2022 oil and gas production revenues and 48 percent of its worldwide production.
the company's worldwide crude oil production increased 6 mb/d compared to 2021, primarily a function of improved cost recovery under the merged concession agreement in egypt ratified at the end of 2021, offset by extended operational downtime in the north sea and natural production decline across all assets.
natural gas revenues natural gas revenues for 2022 totaled $1.6 billion, a $362 million increase from the 2021 total of $1.2 billion. a 25 percent increase in average realized prices increased 2022 revenues by $301 million compared to 2021, while 4 percent higher average daily production increased revenues by $61 million. average daily production in 2022 was 865 mmcf/d, with prices averaging $4.98 per mcf. natural gas sales accounted for 17 percent of the company's 2022 oil and gas production revenues and 36 percent of its worldwide production.
the company's worldwide natural gas production increased 35 mmcf/d compared to 2021, primarily a result of increased net production in egypt resulting from improved cost recovery under the merged concession agreement ratified at the end of 2021, offset by extended operational downtime in the north sea and natural production decline across all assets.
ngl revenues ngl revenues for 2022 totaled $816 million, a $110 million increase from the 2021 total of $706 million. a 21 percent increase in average realized prices increased 2022 revenues by $149 million compared to 2021, while 6 percent lower average daily production decreased revenues by $39 million. average daily production in 2022 was 64 mb/d, with prices averaging $34.51 per barrel. ngl sales accounted for 9 percent of the company's 2022 oil and gas production revenues and 16 percent of its worldwide production.
the company's worldwide ngl production decreased 4 mb/d compared to 2021, primarily a result of natural production decline in the u.s.
altus midstream revenues prior to the deconsolidation of altus on february 22, 2022, the company beneficially owned approximately 79 percent of altm's outstanding voting common stock. altus owned and operated a midstream energy asset network in the permian basin of west texas primarily to service the company's production from its alpine high resource play, which commenced production in may 2017.
altus midstream primarily generated revenue by providing fee-based natural gas gathering, compression, processing, and transmission services. for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, altus midstream's service revenues generated through its fee-based contractual arrangements with the company totaled $16 million and $127 million, respectively. these affiliated revenues were eliminated upon consolidation.
purchased oil and gas sales purchased oil and gas sales represent volumes primarily attributable to transport, fuel, and physical in-basin gas purchases that were sold by the company to fulfill natural gas takeaway obligations. sales related to these purchased volumes increased $368 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 to $1.9 billion from $1.5 billion in the prior year. purchased oil and gas sales were offset by associated purchase costs of $1.8 billion and $1.6 billion for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the increase is a result of higher average natural gas prices during 2022 compared to the prior year.
operating expenses the table below presents a comparison of the company's operating expenses for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. all operating expenses include costs attributable to a noncontrolling interest in egypt and altus.
for the year ended december 31,
2022                            2021                            2020
(in millions)
lease operating expenses                                          $1,444                          $1,241                          $1,127
gathering, processing, and transmission                              367                             264                             274
purchased oil and gas costs                                        1,776                           1,580                             357
taxes other than income                                              268                             204                             123
exploration                                                          305                             155                             274
general and administrative                                           483                             376                             290
transaction, reorganization, and separation                           26                              22                              54
depreciation, depletion, and amortization:
oil and gas property and equipment                                 1,186                           1,255                           1,643
gathering, processing, and transmission assets                        15                              64                              76
other assets                                                          32                              41                              53
asset retirement obligation accretion                                117                             113                             109
impairments                                                            -                             208                           4,501
financing costs, net                                                 379                             514                             267
lease operating expenses (loe)
loe includes several key components, such as direct operating costs, repairs and maintenance, and workover costs. direct operating costs generally trend with commodity prices and are impacted by the type of commodity produced and the location of properties (i.e., offshore, onshore, remote locations, etc.). fluctuations in commodity prices impact operating cost elements both directly and indirectly. they directly impact costs such as power, fuel, and chemicals, which are commodity price based. commodity prices also affect industry activity and demand, thus indirectly impacting the cost of items such as rig rates, labor, boats, helicopters, materials, and supplies. crude oil, which accounted for 48 percent of the company's total 2022 production, is inherently more expensive to produce than natural gas. repair and maintenance costs are typically higher on offshore properties.
during 2022, loe increased $203 million, or 16 percent, compared to 2021. on a per-boe basis, loe increased $1.20, or 14 percent, compared to 2021, from $8.75 per boe to $9.95 per boe. the increase in costs was driven by higher labor costs and operating costs trending with higher oil and gas prices and global inflation, coupled with higher workover activity in the u.s. during 2022.
gathering, processing, and transmission (gpt)
gpt expenses include amounts paid to third-party carriers and to altus midstream for gathering and transmission services for the company's upstream natural gas production associated with its alpine high play. gpt expenses also include midstream operating costs incurred by altus midstream. the following table presents a summary of these expenses:
for the year ended december 31,
2022                          2021                          2020
(in millions)
third-party processing and transmission costs                     $269                          $232                          $236
midstream service costs - altm                                      18                           128                           143
midstream service costs - kinetik                                   93                             -                             -
upstream processing and transmission costs                         380                           360                           379
midstream operating expenses                                         5                            32                            38
intersegment eliminations                                         (18)                         (128)                         (143)
total gathering, processing, and transmission                     $367                          $264                          $274
gpt costs increased $103 million compared to 2021. third-party processing and transmission costs increased $37 million, primarily driven by an increase in average transportation rates during the year. costs for services provided by altm in the first quarter of 2022 and prior to the bcp business combination totaling $18 million were eliminated in the company's consolidated financial statements and reflected as "intersegment eliminations" in the table above. subsequent to the bcp business combination and the company's deconsolidation of altus on february 22, 2022, these midstream services continue to be provided by kinetik but are no longer eliminated. midstream services provided by kinetik totaled $93 million for the year ended 2022.
purchased oil and gas costs purchased oil and gas costs increased $196 million compared to 2021, and were primarily offset by associated sales totaling $1.9 billion for the year ended 2022, as discussed above.
taxes other than income taxes other than income primarily consist of severance taxes on onshore properties and in state waters off the coast of the u.s. and ad valorem taxes on u.s. properties. severance taxes are generally based on a percentage of oil and gas production revenues. the company is also subject to a variety of other taxes, including u.s. franchise taxes.
taxes other than income increased $64 million compared to 2021, primarily from higher severance taxes driven by higher commodity prices.
exploration expenses exploration expenses include unproved leasehold impairments, exploration dry hole expense, geological and geophysical expenses, and the costs of maintaining and retaining unproved leasehold properties. the following table presents a summary of these expenses:
for the year ended december 31,
2022                          2021                          2020
(in millions)
unproved leasehold impairments                         $24                           $31                          $101
dry hole expenses                                      183                            66                           110
geological and geophysical expenses                     23                            18                            20
exploration overhead and other                          75                            40                            43
total exploration                                     $305                          $155                          $274
exploration expenses increased $150 million compared to 2021, primarily the result of higher dry hole expenses in suriname and egypt and higher exploration overhead, a function of increased exploration activities.
general and administrative (g&a) expenses g&a expenses increased $107 million compared to 2021, primarily driven by higher cash-based stock compensation expense resulting from an increase in the company's stock price and achievement of performance and financial objectives as defined in the stock award plans. higher overall wages across the company and global inflationary pressures also impacted g&a expenses compared to the prior-year period.
transaction, reorganization, and separation (trs) costs trs costs increased $4 million compared to 2021, primarily a result of transaction costs from the bcp business combination, partially offset by a decrease in costs associated with the company's prior year reorganization efforts that are substantially completed.
depreciation, depletion and amortization (dd&a)
dd&a expenses on the company's oil and gas property for the year ended december 31, 2022 decreased $69 million compared to 2021. the company's oil and gas property dd&a rate decreased $0.67 per boe in 2022 compared to 2021, from $8.85 per boe to $8.18 per boe. the decrease on an absolute basis was driven by lower depletion rates in egypt under the new merged concession agreement, partially offset by higher production volumes. dd&a expense on the company's gpt depreciation decreased $49 million compared to 2021, primarily driven by certain egyptian assets being fully depreciated coupled with the deconsolidation of altus during the first quarter of 2022.
impairments no asset impairments were recorded in 2022. during 2021, the company recorded asset impairments totaling $208 million. the charges include $160 million for altus' equity method interests, $26 million in connection with inventory valuations in egypt, and $22 million in connection with inventory valuations and expected equipment dispositions in the north sea.
during 2020, the company recorded asset impairments in connection with fair value assessments totaling $4.5 billion, including $4.3 billion for oil and gas proved properties in the u.s, egypt, and the north sea, $68 million for gpt facilities in egypt, $87 million for goodwill in egypt, and $27 million for inventory and other miscellaneous assets.
the following table presents a summary of asset impairments recorded for 2022, 2021, and 2020:
for the year ended december 31,
2022                                           2021                            2020
(in millions)
oil and gas proved property                  $-                                 $-                          $4,319
gpt facilities                               -                                   -                              68
equity method interests                      -                                 160                               -
goodwill                                     -                                   -                              87
inventory and other                          -                                  48                              27
total impairments                            $-                               $208                          $4,501
financing costs, net financing costs incurred during 2022, 2021, and 2020 comprised the following:
for the year ended december 31,
2022                          2021   2020
(in millions)
interest expense                                         $332                          $419                          $438
amortization of debt issuance costs                         8                             8        8
capitalized interest                                     (18)                           (9)                          (12)
loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt                      67                           104                         (160)
interest income                                          (10)                           (8)                           (7)
total financing costs, net                               $379                          $514                          $267
net financing costs during 2022 decreased $135 million compared to 2021, primarily the result of the reduction of fixed-rate debt during 2021 and the first half of 2022. additionally, losses incurred on the extinguishment of debt were lower during 2022 compared to the prior year period.
provision for income taxes income tax expense increased $1.1 billion from $578 million during 2021 to $1.7 billion during 2022. the company's year-to-date 2022 effective income tax rate was primarily impacted by a deferred tax expense related to the remeasurement of taxes in the u.k. as a result of the enactment of the energy (oil and gas) profits levy act 2022 (the energy profits levy) on july 14, 2022, and a decrease in the amount of valuation allowance against its u.s. deferred tax assets. during 2021, the company's effective income tax rate was primarily impacted by asset impairments and a decrease in the amount of valuation allowance against its u.s. deferred tax assets.
on may 26, 2022, the u.k. chancellor of the exchequer announced a new tax (the energy profits levy) on the profits of oil and gas companies operating in the u.k. and the u.k. continental shelf. under the new law, an additional levy is assessed at a 25 percent rate and is effective for the period of may 26, 2022, through december 31, 2025. the company recorded a deferred tax expense of $208 million associated with the remeasurement of the u.k. deferred tax liability. on november 17, 2022, the u.k. chancellor of the exchequer announced in the autumn statement 2022 further changes to the energy profits levy, increasing the levy assessed from a 25 percent rate to a 35 percent rate, effective for the period of january 1, 2023, through march 31, 2028. on november 22, 2022, the u.k. government published draft legislation to implement this change, among other provisions, and on january 10, 2023, the finance act 2023 was enacted, receiving royal assent. under u.s. gaap, the financial statement impact of new legislation is recorded in the period of enactment. therefore, in the first quarter of 2023, the company expects to record a deferred tax expense of approximately $170 million to $190 million related to the remeasurement of the december 31, 2022 u.k. deferred tax liability.
on august 16, 2022, the u.s. enacted the inflation reduction act of 2022 (ira). the ira includes a new 15 percent corporate alternative minimum tax (corporate amt) on applicable corporations with an average annual adjusted financial statement income that exceeds $1 billion for any three consecutive years preceding the tax year at issue. the corporate amt is effective for tax years beginning after december 31, 2022. the company is continuing to evaluate the provisions of the ira and awaits further guidance from the u.s. treasury department to properly assess the impact of these provisions on the company.
the company recorded a full valuation allowance against its u.s. net deferred tax assets. the company assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to realize the existing deferred tax assets. a significant piece of negative evidence evaluated was the u.s. pre-tax book cumulative loss incurred over the three-year period ended december 31, 2022. this cumulative loss was primarily the result of low commodity prices and oil and gas impairments during this period. such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence, such as the company's projections for future growth.
however, given the company's current and anticipated future domestic earnings, the company believes that there is a reasonable possibility that within the next 12 months the u.s. will exit its cumulative loss, allowing the company to reach a conclusion that a material portion of the u.s. valuation allowance may no longer be needed. a release of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of certain deferred tax assets and a decrease to income tax expense, which could be material for the period the release is recorded. for additional information regarding income taxes, refer to note 10-income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the company and its subsidiaries are subject to u.s. federal income tax as well as income or capital taxes in various state and foreign jurisdictions. the company's tax reserves are related to tax years that may be subject to examination by the relevant taxing authority. the company is currently under audit by the internal revenue service (irs) for the 2014-2017 tax years and is also under audit in various states and foreign jurisdictions as part of its normal course of business.
capital and operational outlook the company continues to prudently manage its capital program against a volatile price environment and the effects of global inflation and rising interest rates. despite these uncertainties, the company remains committed to its longer-term objectives: (1) to maintain a balanced asset portfolio, including advancement of ongoing exploration and appraisal activities offshore suriname; (2) to invest for long-term returns over production growth; and (3) to budget conservatively to generate cash flow in excess of its upstream exploration, appraisal, and development capital program that can be directed to debt reduction, share repurchases, and return of capital to its shareholders.
the company's 2023 capital program will maintain a similar investment approach to the prior year while reflecting potential inflationary impacts, with upstream capital investment budgeted at $2.0 billion to $2.1 billion. based on the planned levels of capital activity, the company anticipates 2023 worldwide production levels will increase approximately four to five percent compared with 2022 volumes. higher oil volumes in egypt and the u.s. will be the primary contributors of this growth and are anticipated to more than offset natural gas production declines in both regions. in the north sea, the company anticipates a modest production rebound in 2023, with three new wells planned to commence production in the first half of the year and less scheduled maintenance turnaround. the company plans to release the ocean patriot semi-submersible drilling rig around mid-year 2023 once it completes its scheduled drilling campaign in the north sea. reallocation of this capital to other areas is being evaluated, as recent tax changes in the u.k. have made returns in the north sea less attractive than other investment opportunities within the company's portfolio. in suriname, activity in the first half of 2023 is focused on the two appraisal wells being drilled at krabdagu and subsequent flow testing. following that, another exploration test on block 58 is also planned.
at current strip pricing, the company expects to generate significant cash flow over this capital activity budget. the company's current commitment to return capital to shareholders through a mix of dividends and share buybacks remains unchanged.
capital resources and liquidity operating cash flows are the company's primary source of liquidity. the company's short-term and long-term operating cash flows are impacted by highly volatile commodity prices, as well as production costs and sales volumes. significant changes in commodity prices impact the company's revenues, earnings, and cash flows. these changes potentially impact the company's liquidity if costs do not trend with sustained decreases in commodity prices. historically, costs have trended with commodity prices, albeit on a lag. sales volumes also impact cash flows; however, they have a less volatile impact in the short term.
the company's long-term operating cash flows are dependent on reserve replacement and the level of costs required for ongoing operations. cash investments are required to fund activity necessary to offset the inherent declines in production and proved crude oil and natural gas reserves. future success in maintaining and growing reserves and production is highly dependent on the success of the company's drilling program and its ability to add reserves economically. changes in commodity prices also impact estimated quantities of proved reserves.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recognized a slight upward reserve revision related to increases in commodity prices during the year. the company's estimates of proved reserves, proved developed reserves, and pud reserves as of december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, changes in estimated proved reserves during the last three years, and estimates of future net cash flows from proved reserves are contained in note 18-supplemental oil and gas disclosures (unaudited) in the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the company believes its available liquidity and capital resource alternatives, combined with proactive measures to adjust its capital budget to reflect volatile commodity prices and anticipated operating cash flows, will be adequate to fund short-term and long-term operations, including the company's capital development program, repayment of debt maturities, payment of dividends, share buy-back activity, and amounts that may ultimately be paid in connection with commitments and contingencies.
the company may also elect to utilize available cash on hand, committed borrowing capacity, access to both debt and equity capital markets, or proceeds from the sale of nonstrategic assets for all other liquidity and capital resource needs.
for additional information, refer to part i, items 1 and 2-business and properties and part i, item 1a-risk factors of this annual report on form 10-k.
sources and uses of cash the following table presents the sources and uses of the company's cash and cash equivalents for the years presented:
for the year ended december 31,
2022                            2021                            2020
(in millions)
sources of cash and cash equivalents:
net cash provided by operating activities                                  $4,943                          $3,496                          $1,388
proceeds from apa and apache credit facilities, net                            24                             392                             150
proceeds from altus credit facility, net                                        -                              33                             228
proceeds from asset divestitures                                              778                             256                             166
fixed-rate debt borrowings                                                      -                               -                           1,238
proceeds from sale of kinetik shares                                          224                               -                               -
other, net                                                                     11                              20                               -
5,980                           4,197                           3,170
uses of cash and cash equivalents:
additions to upstream oil and gas property(1)                               1,770                           1,101                           1,270
acquisition of delaware basin properties                                      591                               -                               -
leasehold and property acquisitions                                            37                               9                               4
contributions to altus equity method interests                                  -                              28                             327
payments on fixed-rate debt                                                 1,493                           1,795                           1,243
dividends paid to apa common stockholders                                     207                              52                             123
distributions to noncontrolling interest - egypt                              362                             279                              91
distributions to altus preferred unit limited partners                         11                              46                              23
treasury stock activity, net                                                1,423                             847                               -
deconsolidation of altus cash and cash equivalents                            143                               -                               -
other, net                                                                      -                               -                              74
6,037                           4,157                           3,155
increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                            $(57)                             $40                             $15
(1)the table presents capital expenditures on a cash basis; therefore, the amounts may differ from those discussed elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, which include accruals.
sources of cash and cash equivalents net cash provided by operating activities operating cash flows are the company's primary source of capital and liquidity and are impacted, both in the short term and the long term, by volatile commodity prices. the factors that determine operating cash flows are largely the same as those that affect net earnings, with the exception of non-cash expenses such as dd&a, exploratory dry hole expense, asset impairments, asset retirement obligation (aro) accretion, and deferred income tax expense.
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2022 totaled $4.9 billion, up $1.4 billion from the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily the result of higher commodity prices compared to the prior year.
for a detailed discussion of commodity prices, production, and operating expenses, refer to "results of operations" in this item 7. for additional detail on the changes in operating assets and liabilities and the non-cash expenses that do not impact net cash provided by operating activities, refer to the statement of consolidated cash flows in the consolidated financial statements set forth in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
proceeds from apa and apache credit facilities, net as of december 31, 2022, there were outstanding borrowings of $566 million under apa's syndicated credit facilities. as of december 31, 2021, there were outstanding borrowings of $542 million under apache's former syndicated credit facility. these borrowings are classified as long-term debt.
proceeds from altus credit facility, net  during the year ended december 31, 2021, altus midstream lp borrowed $33 million under its revolving credit facility to fund capital contributions to its equity method interests. prior to the deconsolidation of altus on february 22, 2022, there were no additional borrowings under this facility in 2022.
proceeds from asset divestitures the company received $778 million and $256 million in proceeds from the divestiture of certain non-core assets during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the company also received $224 million of cash proceeds from the sale of four million of its shares in kinetik during 2022. for more information regarding the company's acquisitions and divestitures, refer to note 2-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part iv set forth in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
uses of cash and cash equivalents additions to upstream oil & gas property  exploration and development cash expenditures were $1.8 billion and $1.1 billion for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the increase in capital investment is reflective of the increase in the company's capital program in 2022 associated with higher cash flow from operations. the company operated an average of 22 drilling rigs during 2022, compared to an average of 13 drilling rigs during 2021.
acquisition of delaware basin properties during 2022, the company completed the acquisition of oil and gas assets in the delaware basin for approximately $615 million, after post-closing adjustments. cash consideration paid totaled $591 million, with final cash settlement anticipated to be completed during the first quarter of 2023.
leasehold and property acquisitions during 2022 and 2021, the company completed leasehold and property acquisitions, primarily in the permian basin, for total cash consideration of $37 million and $9 million, respectively.
payments on fixed-rate debt on january 18, 2022, apache redeemed the outstanding $213 million principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due april 15, 2022, at a redemption price equal to 100 percent of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. the redemption was financed by borrowing under apache's former revolving credit facility.
during the quarter ended march 31, 2022, apache closed cash tender offers for certain outstanding notes issued under its indentures, accepting for purchase $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of notes. apache paid holders an aggregate $1.2 billion in cash, reflecting principal, premium to par, and accrued and unpaid interest. the company recognized a $66 million loss on extinguishment of debt, including $11 million of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs in connection with the note purchases. the repurchases were partially financed by borrowing under apache's former revolving credit facility.
during the quarter ended march 31, 2022, apache purchased in the open market and canceled senior notes issued under its indentures in an aggregate principal amount of $15 million for an aggregate purchase price of $16 million in cash, including accrued interest and broker fees, reflecting a premium to par of an aggregate $1 million. the company recognized a $1 million loss on these repurchases. the repurchases were partially financed by borrowing under apache's former revolving credit facility.
on october 17, 2022, apache redeemed the outstanding $123 million outstanding principal amount of 2.625% notes due january 15, 2023, at a redemption price equal to 100 percent of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. the redemption was financed in part by apache's borrowing under the company's u.s. dollar-denominated revolving credit facility.
during 2021, apache closed cash tender offers for certain outstanding notes issued under its indentures, accepting for purchase $1.7 billion aggregate principal amount of notes covered by the tender offers. apache paid holders an aggregate cash purchase price of $1.8 billion reflecting principal, premium to par, and accrued and unpaid interest. the company recognized a $105 million loss on extinguishment of debt, including $11 million of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs, in connection with the note purchases.
during 2021, apache purchased in the open market and canceled senior notes issued under its indentures in an aggregate principal amount of $22 million for an aggregate purchase price of $20 million in cash, including accrued interest and broker fees, reflecting a discount to par of an aggregate $2 million. the company recognized a $1 million net gain on extinguishment of debt as part of these transactions.
the company expects that apache will continue to reduce debt outstanding under its indentures from time to time.
dividends paid to apa common stockholders the company paid $207 million and $52 million during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for dividends on its common stock. during the third quarter of 2021, the company's board of directors approved an increase in its quarterly dividend per share from $0.025 to $0.0625 and, in the fourth quarter of 2021, a further increase to $0.125 per share. during the third quarter of 2022, the company's board of directors approved a further increase to its quarterly dividend to $0.25 per share.
distributions to noncontrolling interest - egypt sinopec holds a one-third minority participation interest in the company's oil and gas operations in egypt. the company paid $362 million and $279 million during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in cash distributions to sinopec.
distributions to altus preferred unit limited partners prior to the deconsolidation of altus on february 22, 2022, altus midstream lp paid $11 million and $46 million in cash distributions to its limited partners holding preferred units during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. for more information regarding the preferred units, refer to note 13-redeemable noncontrolling interest - altus in the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
treasury stock activity, net during 2022, the company repurchased 36.2 million shares at an average price of $39.34 per share totaling $1.4 billion, and as of december 31, 2022, the company had remaining authorization to repurchase 52.6 million shares. during 2021, the company repurchased 31.2 million shares at an average price of $27.14 per share totaling $847 million.
liquidity the following table presents a summary of the company's key financial indicators as of december 31:
2022                                      2021
(in millions)
cash and cash equivalents                                                                    $245                      $302
total debt - apa and apache                                                                 5,453                     6,853
total debt - altus                                                                              -                       657
total equity (deficit)                                                                      1,345                     (717)
available committed borrowing capacity under syndicated credit facilities                   2,238                     2,426
available committed borrowing capacity - altus                                                  -                       141
cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2022, the company had $245 million in cash and cash equivalents. the majority of the company's cash is invested in highly liquid, investment-grade instruments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.
debt as of december 31, 2022, the company had $5.5 billion in total debt outstanding, which consisted of notes and debentures of apache, credit facility borrowings, and finance lease obligations. future interest payments on the fixed-rate notes and debentures are approximately $4.2 billion. as of december 31, 2022, current debt included $2 million of finance lease obligations.
committed credit facilities on april 29, 2022, the company entered into two unsecured syndicated credit agreements for general corporate purposes that replaced and refinanced apache's 2018 unsecured syndicated credit agreement (the former facility).
•one agreement is denominated in us dollars (the usd agreement) and provides for an unsecured five-year revolving credit facility, with aggregate commitments of us$1.8 billion (including a letter of credit subfacility of up to us$750 million, of which us$150 million currently is committed). the company may increase commitments up to an aggregate us$2.3 billion by adding new lenders or obtaining the consent of any increasing existing lenders. this facility matures in april 2027, subject to the company's two, one-year extension options.
•the second agreement is denominated in pounds sterling (the gbp agreement) and provides for an unsecured five-year revolving credit facility, with aggregate commitments of £1.5 billion for loans and letters of credit. this facility matures in april 2027, subject to the company's two, one-year extension options.
in connection with the company's entry into the usd agreement and the gbp agreement (each, a new agreement), apache terminated us$4.0 billion of commitments under the former facility, borrowings then outstanding under the former facility were deemed outstanding under the usd agreement, and letters of credit then outstanding under the former facility were deemed outstanding under a new agreement, depending upon whether denominated in us dollars or pounds sterling. apache may borrow under the usd agreement up to an aggregate principal amount of us$300 million outstanding at any given time. apache has guaranteed obligations under each new agreement effective until the aggregate principal amount of indebtedness under senior notes and debentures outstanding under apache's existing indentures is less than us$1.0 billion.
as of december 31, 2022, there were $566 million of borrowings and a $20 million letter of credit outstanding under the usd agreement, and an aggregate £652 million in letters of credit outstanding under the gbp agreement. as of december 31, 2021, there were $542 million of borrowings and an aggregate £748 million and $20 million in letters of credit outstanding under the former facility. the letters of credit denominated in pounds were issued to support north sea decommissioning obligations, the terms of which required such support after standard & poor's reduced apache's credit rating from bbb to bb+ on march 26, 2020.
all borrowings under the usd agreement bear interest at one of two per annum rate options selected by the borrower, being either an alternate base rate (as defined), plus a margin ranging from 0.10% to 0.675% (base rate margin), or an adjusted term sofr rate (as defined), plus a margin varying from 1.10% to 1.675% (applicable margin). all borrowings under the gbp agreement bear interest at an adjusted rate per annum determined by reference to the sterling overnight index average published by the bank of england, plus the applicable margin. each new agreement also requires the borrower to pay quarterly a facility fee on total commitments. margins and facility fees are at varying rates per annum determined by reference to the senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced, long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of apa, or if such indebtedness is not rated and the apache guaranty is in effect, of apache (long-term debt rating). as of december 31, 2022, apache's long-term debt rating applied, and the base rate margin was 0.60%, the applicable margin was 1.60%, and the facility fee was 0.275%.
a commission is payable quarterly to lenders under each new agreement on the face amount of each outstanding letter of credit at a per annum rate equal to the applicable margin then in effect. customary letter of credit fronting fees and other charges are payable to issuing banks.
borrowers under each new agreement, which may include certain subsidiaries of apa, may borrow, prepay, and reborrow loans and obtain letters of credit, and apa may obtain letters of credit for the account of its subsidiaries, in each case subject to representations and warranties, covenants, and events of default substantially similar to those in the former facility, such as:
•a financial covenant requires apa to maintain an adjusted debt-to-capital ratio of not greater than 60 percent at the end of any fiscal quarter. for purposes of this calculation, capital continues to exclude the effects of non-cash write-downs, impairments, and related charges occurring after june 30, 2015. at december 31, 2022, apa's debt-to-capital ratio as calculated under each new agreement was 21 percent.
• a negative covenant restricts the ability of apa and its subsidiaries to create liens securing debt on their hydrocarbon-related assets, with exceptions for liens typically arising in the oil and gas industry; liens securing debt incurred to finance the acquisition, construction, improvement, or capital lease of assets, provided that such debt, when incurred, does not exceed the subject purchase price and costs, as applicable, and related expenses; liens on subsidiary assets located outside of the u. s. and canada; and liens arising as a matter of law, such as tax and mechanics' liens. liens on assets also are permitted if debt secured thereby does not exceed 15 percent of apa's consolidated net tangible assets or approximately $1.5 billion as of december 31, 2022.
• negative covenants restrict apa's ability to merge with another entity unless it is the surviving entity, a borrower's disposition of substantially all of its assets, prohibitions on the ability of certain subsidiaries to make payments to borrowers, and guarantees by apa or certain subsidiaries of debt of non-consolidated entities in excess of the stated threshold.
• lenders may accelerate payment maturity and terminate lending and issuance commitments for nonpayment and other breaches; if a borrower or certain subsidiaries defaults on other indebtedness in excess of the stated threshold, has any unpaid, non-appealable judgment against it for payment of money in excess of the stated threshold, or has specified pension plan liabilities in excess of the stated threshold; or apa undergoes a specified change in control. such acceleration and termination are automatic upon specified insolvency events of a borrower or certain subsidiaries.
consistent with the former facility, the new agreements do not require collateral, do not have a borrowing base, do not permit lenders to accelerate maturity or refuse to lend based on unspecified material adverse changes, and do not have borrowing restrictions or prepayment obligations in the event of a decline in credit ratings.
the company was in compliance with the terms of each new agreement as of december 31, 2022.
in november 2018, altus and its subsidiary, altus midstream lp (altus lp), were subsidiaries of apache, and altus lp entered into an unsecured revolving credit facility for general corporate purposes. the agreement for the facility, as amended, provided aggregate commitments from a syndicate of banks of $800 million, including a letter of credit subfacility. the credit facility was not guaranteed by apa, apache, or any of apa's other subsidiaries. on february 22, 2022, altus was deconsolidated from apa and apache. as of december 31, 2021, there were $657 million of borrowings and $2 million letters of credit outstanding under the facility.
there is no assurance of the terms upon which potential lenders under future credit facilities will make loans or other extensions of credit available to apa or its subsidiaries or the composition of such lenders.
there is no assurance that the financial condition of banks with lending commitments to apa or its subsidiaries will not deteriorate. the company closely monitor the ratings of the banks in its bank groups. having large bank groups allows the company to mitigate the potential impact of any bank's failure to honor its lending commitment.
uncommitted credit facilities the company from time to time has and uses uncommitted credit and letter of credit facilities for working capital and credit support purposes. as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no outstanding borrowings under these facilities. as of december 31, 2022, there were £199 million and $17 million in letters of credit outstanding under these facilities. as of december 31, 2021, there were £117 million and $17 million in letters of credit outstanding under these facilities.
former apache commercial paper program as of december 31, 2020, no commercial paper was outstanding. apache did not use its commercial paper program during 2021 and terminated the program during the third quarter of 2021.
contractual obligations purchase obligations from time to time, the company enters into agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms. these include minimum commitments associated with take-or-pay contracts, ngl processing agreements, drilling work program commitments and agreements to secure capacity rights on third-party pipelines. as of december 31, 2022, the company had contractual obligations totaling $3.0 billion, of which $1.0 billion is related to u.s. firm transportation contracts, $1.8 billion is related to the new merged concession agreement with the egpc, and $0.2 billion of other items. under terms agreed to in the egypt modernized psc, the company committed to spend a minimum of $3.5 billion on exploration, development, and operating activities by march 31, 2026. as of december 31, 2022, the company has spent $1.7 billion and believes it will be able to satisfy the remaining obligation within its current exploration and development program.
leases in the normal course of business, the company enters into various lease agreements for real estate, drilling rigs, vessels, aircrafts, and equipment related to its exploration and development activities, which are typically classified as operating leases under the provisions of financial accounting standards board (fasb) accounting standards codification (asc) topic 842 (leases). as of december 31, 2022, the company had net minimum commitments of $315 million and $45 million for operating and finance leases, respectively.
for additional information regarding these obligations, refer to note 11-commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
for information regarding the company's liability for dismantlement, abandonment, and restoration costs of oil and gas properties or pension or postretirement benefit obligations, refer to notes 8-asset retirement obligation and note 12-retirement and deferred compensation plans in the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the company is also subject to various contingent obligations that become payable only if certain events or rulings were to occur. the inherent uncertainty surrounding the timing of and monetary impact associated with these events or rulings prevents any meaningful accurate measurement, which is necessary to assess settlements resulting from litigation. the company's management believes that it has adequately reserved for its contingent obligations, including approximately $1 million for environmental remediation and approximately $64 million for various contingent legal liabilities. for a detailed discussion of the company's lease obligations, purchase obligations, environmental and legal contingencies, and other commitments, please see note 11-commitments and contingencies and note 12-retirement and deferred compensation plans in the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
with respect to oil and gas operations in the gulf of mexico, the bureau of ocean energy management (boem) issued a notice to lessees (ntl no. 2016-n01) significantly revising the obligations of companies operating in the gulf of mexico to provide supplemental assurances of performance with respect to plugging, abandonment, and decommissioning obligations associated with wells, platforms, structures, and facilities located upon or used in connection with such companies' oil and gas leases. while the ntl was paused in mid-2017 and is currently listed on boem's website as "rescinded," if reinstated, the ntl will likely require that the company provide additional security to boem with respect to plugging, abandonment, and decommissioning obligations relating to the company's current ownership interests in various gulf of mexico leases. additionally, the company is not able to predict the effect that these changes might have on counterparties to which the company has sold gulf of mexico assets or with whom the company has joint ownership. such changes could cause the bonding obligations of such parties to increase substantially, thereby causing a significant impact on the counterparties' solvency and ability to continue as a going concern.
potential decommissioning obligations on sold properties the company's subsidiaries have potential exposure to future obligations related to divested properties. the company has divested various leases, wells, and facilities located in the gulf of mexico (gom) where the purchasers typically assume all obligations to plug, abandon, and decommission the associated wells, structures, and facilities acquired. one or more of the counterparties in these transactions could, either as a result of the severe decline in oil and natural gas prices or other factors related to the historical or future operations of their respective businesses, face financial problems that may have a significant impact on their solvency and ability to continue as a going concern. if a purchaser of such gom assets becomes the subject of a case or proceeding under relevant insolvency laws or otherwise fails to perform required abandonment obligations, apa's subsidiaries could be required to perform such actions under applicable federal laws and regulations. in such event, such subsidiaries may be forced to use available cash to cover the costs of such liabilities and obligations should they arise.
in 2013, apache sold its gom shelf operations and properties and its gom operating subsidiary, gom shelf llc (gom shelf) to fieldwood energy llc (fieldwood). under the terms of the purchase agreement, apache received cash consideration of $3.75 billion and fieldwood assumed the obligation to decommission the properties held by gom shelf and the properties acquired from apache and its other subsidiaries (collectively, the legacy gom assets). in respect of such abandonment obligations, fieldwood posted letters of credit in favor of apache (letters of credit) and established trust accounts (trust a and trust b) of which apache was a beneficiary and which were funded by two net profits interests (npis) depending on future oil prices. on february 14, 2018, fieldwood filed for protection under chapter 11 of the u.s. bankruptcy code. in connection with the 2018 bankruptcy, fieldwood confirmed a plan under which apache agreed, inter alia, to (i) accept bonds in exchange for certain of the letters of credit and (ii) amend the trust a trust agreement and one of the npis to consolidate the trusts into a single trust (trust a) funded by both remaining npis. currently, apache holds two bonds (bonds) and five letters of credit backed by investment-grade counterparties to secure fieldwood's asset retirement obligations on the legacy gom assets as and when apache is required to perform or pay for decommissioning any legacy gom asset over the remaining life of the legacy gom assets.
on august 3, 2020, fieldwood again filed for protection under chapter 11 of the u.s. bankruptcy code. on june 25, 2021, the united states bankruptcy court for the southern district of texas (houston division) entered an order confirming fieldwood's bankruptcy plan. on august 27, 2021, fieldwood's bankruptcy plan became effective. pursuant to the plan, the legacy gom assets were separated into a standalone company, which was subsequently merged into gom shelf. under gom shelf's limited liability company agreement, the proceeds of production of the legacy gom assets will be used to fund decommissioning of legacy gom assets.
by letter dated april 5, 2022, replacing two prior letters dated september 8, 2021 and february 22, 2022, gom shelf notified the bureau of safety and environmental enforcement (bsee) that it was unable to fund the decommissioning obligations that it is currently obligated to perform on certain of the legacy gom assets. as a result, apache and other current and former owners in these assets have received orders from bsee to decommission certain of the legacy gom assets included in gom shelf's notification to bsee. apache expects to receive such orders on the other legacy gom assets included in gom shelf's notification letter. further, apache anticipates that gom shelf may send additional such notices to bsee in the future and that it may receive additional orders from bsee requiring it to decommission other legacy gom assets.
if apache incurs costs to decommission any legacy gom asset and gom shelf does not reimburse apache for such costs, then apache expects to obtain reimbursement from trust a, the bonds, and the letters of credit until such funds and securities are fully utilized. in addition, after such sources have been exhausted, apache has agreed to provide a standby loan to gom shelf of up to $400 million to perform decommissioning (standby loan agreement), with such standby loan secured by a first and prior lien on the legacy gom assets.
if the combination of gom shelf's net cash flow from its producing properties, the trust a funds, the bonds, and the remaining letters of credit are insufficient to fully fund decommissioning of any legacy gom assets that apache may be ordered by bsee to perform, or if gom shelf's net cash flow from its remaining producing properties after the trust a funds, bonds, and letters of credit are exhausted is insufficient to repay any loans made by apache under the standby loan agreement, then apache may be forced to effectively use its available cash to fund the deficit.
as of december 31, 2022, apache estimates that its potential liability to fund decommissioning of legacy gom assets it may be ordered to perform ranges from $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion on an undiscounted basis. management does not believe any specific estimate within this range is a better estimate than any other. accordingly, the company has recorded a contingent liability of $1.2 billion as of december 31, 2022, representing the estimated costs of decommissioning it may be required to perform on legacy gom assets. of the total liability recorded, $738 million is reflected under the caption "decommissioning contingency for sold gulf of mexico properties," and $450 million is reflected under "other current liabilities" in the company's consolidated balance sheet. changes in significant assumptions impacting apache's estimated liability, including expected decommissioning rig spread rates, lift boat rates, and planned abandonment logistics could result in a liability in excess of the amount accrued.
as of december 31, 2022, the company has also recorded a $667 million asset, which represents the amount the company expects to be reimbursed from the trust a funds, the bonds, and the letters of credit for decommissioning it may be required to perform on legacy gom assets. of the total asset recorded, $217 million is reflected under the caption "decommissioning security for sold gulf of mexico properties," and $450 million is reflected under "other current assets." the company recognized $157 million and $446 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively, of "losses on previously sold gulf of mexico properties" to reflect the net impact of changes to the estimated decommissioning liability and decommissioning asset to the company's statement of consolidated operations.
insurance program the company maintains insurance policies that include coverage for physical damage to its assets, general liabilities, workers' compensation, employers' liability, sudden and accidental pollution, and other risks. the company's insurance coverage is subject to deductibles or retentions that it must satisfy prior to recovering on insurance. additionally, the company's insurance is subject to policy exclusions and limitations. there is no assurance that insurance will adequately protect the company against liability from all potential consequences and damages. further, the company does not have coverage in place for a variety of other risks including gulf of mexico named windstorm and business interruption. service agreements, including drilling contracts, generally indemnify the company for injuries and death of the service provider's employees as well as subcontractors hired by the service provider.
the company purchases multi-year political risk insurance from the islamic corporation for the insurance of investment and export credit trade (iciec, an agency of the islamic development bank) and highly-rated insurers covering a portion of its investments in egypt for losses arising from confiscation, nationalization, and expropriation risks. in the aggregate, these insurance policies provide up to $750 million of coverage, subject to policy terms and conditions and a retention of approximately $500 million.
apache also has an insurance policy with u.s. international development finance corporation (dfc), which, subject to policy terms and conditions, provides up to $150 million of coverage through 2024 for losses arising from (1) non-payment by egpc of arbitral awards covering amounts owed apache on past due invoices and (2) expropriation of exportable petroleum in the event that actions taken by the government of egypt prevent apache from exporting its share of production. the multilateral investment guarantee agency (miga), a member of the world bank group, provides $60 million in reinsurance to dfc.
future insurance coverage for the company's industry could increase in cost and may include higher deductibles or retentions. in addition, some forms of insurance may become unavailable or unavailable on terms economically acceptable.
critical accounting estimates the company prepares its financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s., which require management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect reported amounts in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. the company identifies certain accounting policies involving estimation as critical accounting estimates based on, among other things, their impact on the portrayal of the company's financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, as well as the degree of difficulty, subjectivity, and complexity in their deployment. critical accounting estimates address accounting matters that are inherently uncertain due to unknown future resolution of such matters. management routinely discusses the development, selection, and disclosure of each critical accounting estimate. the following is a discussion of the company's most critical accounting estimates.
reserves estimates proved oil and gas reserves are the estimated quantities of natural gas, crude oil, condensate, and ngls that geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing conditions, operating conditions, and government regulations.
proved undeveloped reserves include those reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. undeveloped reserves may be classified as proved reserves on undrilled acreage directly offsetting development areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, or where reliable technology provides reasonable certainty of economic producibility. undrilled locations may be classified as having undeveloped reserves only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless specific circumstances justify a longer time.
despite significant judgment involved in these engineering estimates, the company's reserves are used throughout its financial statements. for example, since the company uses the units-of-production method to amortize its oil and gas properties, the quantity of reserves could significantly impact dd&a expense. a material adverse change in the estimated volumes of reserves could result in property impairments. finally, these reserves are the basis for the company's supplemental oil and gas disclosures. for more information regarding the company's supplemental oil and gas disclosures, refer to note 18-supplemental oil and gas disclosures (unaudited) in the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
reserves are calculated using an unweighted arithmetic average of commodity prices in effect on the first day of each of the previous twelve months, held flat for the life of the production, except where prices are defined by contractual arrangements. operating costs, production and ad valorem taxes and future development costs are based on current costs with no escalation.
the company has elected not to disclose probable and possible reserves or reserve estimates in this filing.
oil and gas exploration costs the company accounts for its exploration and production activities using the successful efforts method of accounting. costs of acquiring unproved and proved oil and gas leasehold acreage are capitalized. costs of drilling and equipping productive wells, including development dry holes, and related production facilities are also capitalized. oil and gas exploration costs, other than the costs of drilling exploratory wells, are charged to expense as incurred. costs associated with drilling an exploratory well are initially capitalized, or suspended, pending a determination as to whether proved reserves have been found. on a quarterly basis, management reviews the status of all suspended exploratory well costs in light of ongoing exploration activities and determines whether the company is making sufficient progress in its ongoing exploration and appraisal efforts or, in the case of discoveries requiring government sanctioning, whether development negotiations are underway and proceeding as planned. if management determines that future appraisal drilling or development activities are unlikely to occur, associated suspended exploratory well costs are recorded as dry hole expense and reported in exploration expense in the statement of consolidated operations. otherwise, the costs of exploratory wells remain capitalized.
offshore decommissioning contingency the company has potential exposure to future obligations related to divested properties. for information regarding potential decommissioning obligations on sold properties estimated and recorded in the third quarter of 2021, please refer to "potential decommissioning obligations on sold properties" above and in note 11-commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part iv, item 5 of this annual report on form 10-k. changes in significant assumptions impacting the company's estimated liability, including expected decommissioning rig spread rates, lift boat rates, and planned abandonment logistics could result in a liability in excess of the amount accrued.
impairment of equity method interests equity method interests are assessed for impairment whenever changes in the facts and circumstances indicate a loss in value has occurred, if the loss is deemed to be other than temporary. when the loss is deemed to be other than temporary, the carrying value of the equity method investment is written down to fair value, and the amount of the write-down is included in income.
altus recorded an impairment charge on its equity method interest in the epic crude oil pipeline (epic) in the fourth quarter of 2021. the fair value of the impaired interest was determined using the income approach. the income approach considered estimates of future throughput volumes, tariff rates, and costs. these assumptions were applied to develop future cash flow projections that were then discounted to estimated fair value, using a discount rate believed to be consistent with that which would be applied by market participants. the company has classified this nonrecurring fair value measurement as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. refer to note 6-equity method interests, within part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k for further details of altus' equity method interests.
long-lived asset impairments long-lived assets used in operations, including proved oil and gas properties and gpt assets, are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate a possible significant deterioration in future cash flows expected to be generated by an asset. individual assets are grouped for impairment purposes based on a judgmental assessment of the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. if there is an indication that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recovered, the asset is assessed by management through an established process in which changes to significant assumptions such as prices, volumes, and future development plans are reviewed. if, upon review, the sum of the undiscounted pre-tax cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to estimated fair value. because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived assets, the fair value of impaired assets is assessed by management using the income approach.
under the income approach, the fair value of each asset group is estimated based on the present value of expected future cash flows. the income approach is dependent on a number of factors including estimates of forecasted revenue and operating costs, proved reserves, the success of future exploration for and development of unproved reserves, expected throughput volumes for gpt assets, discount rates, and other variables. key assumptions used in developing a discounted cash flow model described above include estimated quantities of crude oil and natural gas reserves; estimates of market prices considering forward commodity price curves as of the measurement date; and estimates of operating, administrative, and capital costs adjusted for inflation. the company discounts the resulting future cash flows using a discount rate believed to be consistent with those applied by market participants.
to assess the reasonableness of our fair value estimate, when available, management uses a market approach to compare the fair value to similar assets. this requires management to make certain judgments about the selection of comparable assets, recent comparable asset transactions, and transaction premiums.
although the fair value estimate of each asset group is based on assumptions believed to be reasonable, those assumptions are inherently unpredictable and uncertain, and actual results could differ from the estimate. negative revisions of estimated reserves quantities, increases in future cost estimates, divestiture of a significant component of the asset group, or sustained decreases in crude oil or natural gas prices could lead to a reduction in expected future cash flows and possibly an additional impairment of long-lived assets in future periods.
over the past several years, the company has experienced substantial volatility in commodity prices, which impacted its future development plans and operating cash flows. as such, material impairments of certain proved oil and gas properties and gathering, processing, and transmission facilities were recorded in 2020. for discussion of these impairments, see "fair value measurements" of note 1-summary of significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
asset retirement obligation (aro)
the company has significant obligations to remove tangible equipment and restore land or seabed at the end of oil and gas production operations. the company's removal and restoration obligations are primarily associated with plugging and abandoning wells and removing and disposing of offshore oil and gas platforms in the north sea and gulf of mexico. estimating the future restoration and removal costs is difficult and requires management to make estimates and judgments. asset removal technologies and costs are constantly changing, as are regulatory, political, environmental, safety, and public relations considerations.
aro associated with retiring tangible long-lived assets is recognized as a liability in the period in which the legal obligation is incurred and becomes determinable. the liability is offset by a corresponding increase in the underlying asset. the aro liability reflects the estimated present value of the amount of dismantlement, removal, site reclamation, and similar activities associated with the company's oil and gas properties and other long-lived assets. the company utilizes current retirement costs to estimate the expected cash outflows for retirement obligations. inherent in the present value calculation are numerous assumptions and judgments including the ultimate settlement amounts, inflation factors, credit-adjusted discount rates, timing of settlement, and changes in the legal, regulatory, environmental, and political environments. accretion expense is recognized over time as the discounted liability is accreted to its expected settlement value.
income taxes the company's oil and gas exploration and production operations are subject to taxation on income in numerous jurisdictions worldwide. the company records deferred tax assets and liabilities to account for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in its financial statements and tax returns. management routinely assesses the ability to realize the company's deferred tax assets. if management concludes that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized under accounting standards, the tax asset would be reduced by a valuation allowance. numerous judgments and assumptions are inherent in the determination of future taxable income, including factors such as future operating conditions (particularly as related to prevailing oil and gas prices).
the company regularly assesses and, if required, establishes accruals for uncertain tax positions that could result from assessments of additional tax by taxing jurisdictions in countries where the company operates. the company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. these accruals for uncertain tax positions are subject to a significant amount of judgment and are reviewed and adjusted on a periodic basis in light of changing facts and circumstances considering the progress of ongoing tax audits, case law, and any new legislation. the company believes that its accruals for uncertain tax positions are adequate in relation to the potential for any additional tax assessments.
