item 1a. risk factors any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
12
general risks if we do not effectively manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected.
our future revenue and operating results will depend on our ability to effectively manage the anticipated growth of our business. we have experienced fluctuations in the growth in demand for our products and services in recent years and are rebalancing our operations, managing our headcount and developing new and innovative product offerings to balance our supply positions with our customers' requirements in each region. these circumstances have placed significant demands on our management as well as our financial and operational resources, and present several challenges, including:
●   rebalancing manufacturing capacity, maintaining quality and optimizing production;

●   identifying, attracting and retaining qualified personnel;

●   developing and retaining our global sales, marketing and administrative infrastructure and capabilities;

●   increasing our regulatory compliance capabilities, particularly in new lines of business;

●   optimizing our expertise in a number of disciplines, including marketing, licensing, and merchandising; and

●   implementing appropriate operational, financial and it systems and internal controls.

our business, operating results and financial condition are subject to particular risks in certain regions of the world.
we may experience an operating loss in one or more regions of the world for one or more periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. moreover, overcapacity, which often leads to lower prices, may develop over time in certain regions in which we operate even if demand continues to grow. more generally, supply and demand fluctuations could make it difficult for us to forecast and meet certain customers' needs. our ability to manage such operational fluctuations and to maintain adequate long-term strategies in the face of such developments will be critical to our continued growth and profitability.
the loss of a key customer, or a reduction in its requirements, could have a significant negative impact on our sales.
we sell a majority of our packaging products to a relatively limited number of major beverage, personal care and household product companies, some of which operate in multiple geographical markets we serve.
although the majority of our customer contracts are long-term, these contracts, unless they are renewed, expire in accordance with their respective terms and are terminable under certain circumstances, such as our failure to meet quality, volume or market pricing requirements. because we depend on a relatively limited number of major customers, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected by the loss of any of these customers, a reduction in the purchasing levels of these customers, a strike or work stoppage by a significant number of these customers' employees or an adverse change in the terms of the supply agreements with these customers.
the primary customers for our aerospace segment are u.s. government agencies or their prime contractors. our contracts with these customers are subject to several risks, including funding cuts and delays, technical uncertainties, budget changes, government shutdowns, competitive activity and changes in scope.
13
we have a significant level of debt that could have important consequences for our business and any investment in our securities.
the company had $9.00 billion of interest-bearing debt at december 31, 2022. such indebtedness could have significant consequences for our business and any investment in our securities, including:
●   increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments;

●   requiring more of our cash flows from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thus limiting our cash flow available to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities or the return of cash to our shareholders;

●   restricting us from making additional acquisitions;

●   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and

●   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may be less leveraged and who, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our leverage prevents us from exploiting.

we face competitive risks from many sources that may negatively impact our profitability.
competition within the packaging and aerospace industries is intense. increases in productivity, combined with potential surplus capacity in the industry, have maintained competitive pricing pressures. the principal methods of competition in the general packaging industry are price, innovation, sustainability, service and quality. in the aerospace industry, they are technical capability, cost and schedule. some of our competitors may have greater financial, technical and marketing resources, and some may currently have excess capacity. our current or potential competitors may offer products at a lower price or products that are deemed superior to ours. the global economic environment has resulted in reductions in demand for our products in some instances, which, in turn, could increase these competitive pressures.
we are subject to competition from alternative products, which could result in lower profits and reduced cash flows.
our aluminum packaging products are subject to significant competition from substitute products, particularly plastic carbonated soft drink bottles made from pet, single serve and returnable beer bottles and other beverage containers made of glass, cardboard or other materials. competition from plastic carbonated soft drink bottles is particularly intense in the u.s. and europe, and competition from glass beer bottles has recently increased in brazil. certain of our aerospace products are also subject to competition from alternative products and solutions. there can be no assurance that our products will successfully compete against alternative products, which could result in a reduction in our profits or cash flows.
our packaging businesses have a narrow product range, and our business would suffer if usage of our products decreased or if decreases occur in the demand for the beverages and other goods filled in our products.
the majority of our consolidated net sales were from the sale of beverage containers, and we expect to derive a significant portion of our future revenues and cash flows from the sale of beverage containers. our business would suffer if the use of beverage containers decreased. accordingly, broad acceptance by consumers of aluminum containers for a wide variety of beverages is critical to our future success. if demand for glass and pet bottles increases relative to aluminum containers, or the demand for aluminum containers does not develop as expected, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
14
our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations are subject to risks resulting from broader geographic operations.
we derived approximately 45 percent of our consolidated net sales from outside of the u.s. for the year ended december 31, 2022. the sizeable scope of operations inside and outside of the u.s. may lead to more volatile financial results and make it more difficult for us to manage our business. reasons for this include, but are not limited to, the following:
●   political and economic instability;

●   governments' restrictive trade policies;

●   the imposition or rescission of duties, taxes or government royalties;

●   exchange rate risks;

●   inflation of direct input costs;

●   virus and disease outbreaks and responses thereto;

●   difficulties in enforcement of contractual obligations and intellectual property rights; and

●   the geographic, language and cultural differences between personnel in different areas of the world.

we are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations.
the company's financial results are exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations and a significant proportion of assets, liabilities and earnings denominated in non-u.s. dollar currencies. the company presents its financial statements in u.s. dollars and has a significant proportion of its net assets, debt and income in non-u.s. dollar currencies, primarily the euro, as well as the currencies of argentina, egypt, turkey and other emerging markets. the company's financial results and capital ratios are therefore sensitive to movements in currency exchange rates.
we manage our exposure to currency fluctuations, particularly our exposure to fluctuations in the euro to u.s. dollar exchange rate to attempt to mitigate the effect of cash flow and earnings volatility associated with exchange rate changes. we primarily use derivative instruments to manage our currency exposures and, as a result, we experience gains and losses on these derivative positions which are offset, in part, by the impact of currency fluctuations on existing assets and liabilities.
we are vulnerable to fluctuations and disruptions in the supply and price of raw materials.
we purchase aluminum and other raw materials and packaging supplies, including dunnage, from several sources. while all such materials and supplies are available from independent suppliers, they are subject to fluctuations in price and availability attributable to a number of factors, including general economic conditions, commodity price fluctuations (particularly aluminum on the london metal exchange), the demand by other industries for the same raw materials and the availability of complementary and substitute materials. although we enter into commodities purchase agreements from time to time and sometimes use derivative instruments to seek to manage our risk, we cannot ensure that our current suppliers of raw materials will be able to supply us with sufficient quantities at reasonable prices. economic, financial, and operational factors, including strikes or labor shortages, as well as governmental action, could impact our suppliers, thereby causing supply shortages. increases in raw material costs, including potential increases due to tariffs, sanctions, or other trade actions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. global supply chain disruptions can negatively impact our results. in the americas, europe and asia, some contracts do not allow us to pass along increased raw material costs and we generally use derivative agreements to seek to manage this risk. our hedging procedures may be insufficient and our results could be materially impacted if costs of materials increase. due to the fixed-price contracts, increased prices could decrease our sales volume over time. the delayed timing in recovering the pass-through of increasing raw material costs may also impact our short-term profitability and certain costs due to price increases or supply chain inefficiencies may be unrecoverable, which would also impact our profitability. in addition, in view of recent increases in our raw material and other production costs, we initiated a comprehensive cost pass-through program across all our businesses beginning in the second half of 2021, which is ongoing, to seek to recover from our customers the full amount of those cost increases over time.
15
we use estimates in accounting for many of our programs in our aerospace business, and changes in our estimates could adversely affect our future financial results.
we account for sales and profits on a portion of long-term contracts in our aerospace business in accordance with the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, using the cost-to-cost method to account for updates in estimates. the percentage-of-completion method of accounting involves the use of various estimating techniques to project revenues and costs at completion and various assumptions and projections related to the outcome of future events, including the quantity and timing of product deliveries, future labor performance and rates, and material and overhead costs. these assumptions involve various levels of expected performance improvements. under the cost-to-cost method, the impact of updates in our estimates related to units shipped to date or progress made to date is recognized immediately. given the significance of the judgments and estimates described above, it is likely that we could record materially different amounts if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances or estimates were to change.
our backlog includes both cost-type and fixed-price contracts. cost-type contracts generally have lower profit margins than fixed-price contracts. our earnings and margins may vary depending on the types of government contracts undertaken, the nature of the work performed under those contracts, the costs incurred in performing the work, the achievement of other performance objectives and their impact on our ability to receive fees. the fixed-price contracts could subject us to losses if we have cost overruns or if increases in our costs exceed the applicable escalation rate.
net earnings and net assets could be materially affected by an impairment of goodwill.
we have a significant amount of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2022. we are required at least annually to test the recoverability of goodwill. the recoverability test of goodwill is based on the current fair value of our identified reporting units. fair value measurement requires assumptions and estimates of many critical factors, including revenue and market growth, operating cash flows and discount rates. if general market conditions deteriorate in portions of our business, we could experience a significant decline in the fair value of our reporting units. this decline could lead to an impairment of all or a significant portion of the goodwill balance, which could materially affect our u.s. gaap net earnings and net assets.
if the investments in ball's pension plans, or in the multi-employer pension plans in which ball participates, do not perform as expected, we may have to contribute additional amounts to the plans, which would otherwise be available for other general corporate purposes.
ball maintains defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all of its employees in the united states and a significant number of united kingdom deferred and retired participants, which are funded based on certain actuarial assumptions. the plans' assets consist primarily of common stocks, fixed-income securities and, in the u.s., alternative investments. market declines, longevity increases or legislative changes, such as the pension protection act in the u.s., could result in a prospective decrease in our available cash flow and net earnings over time, and the recognition of an increase in our pension obligations could result in a reduction to our shareholders' equity. additional risks exist related to the company's participation in multi-employer pension plans. assets contributed to a multi-employer pension plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. if a participating employer in a multi-employer pension plan stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participants. this could result in increases to our contributions to the plans as well as pension expense.
16
restricted access to capital markets could adversely affect our short-term liquidity and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under the notes issued pursuant to our bond indentures.
a reduction in global market liquidity could:
●   restrict our ability to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and development expenditures and other business activities;

●   increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including the credit risks stemming from the economic environment;

●   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate;

●   restrict us from making strategic acquisitions or exploiting business opportunities; and

●   limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in our debt, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of assets, pay cash dividends or refinance debt maturities.

if market interest rates increase, our variable-rate debt will create higher debt service requirements, which adversely affects our cash flows. while we sometimes enter into agreements limiting our exposure, any such agreements may not offer complete protection from this risk.
the global credit, financial and economic environment could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
the overall credit, financial and economic environment could have significant negative effects on our operations, including:
●   the creditworthiness of customers, suppliers and counterparties could deteriorate resulting in a financial loss or a disruption in our supply of raw materials;

●   volatile market performance could affect the fair value of our pension assets, potentially requiring us to make significant additional contributions to our defined benefit pension plans to maintain prescribed funding levels;

●   a significant weakening of our financial position or operating results could result in noncompliance with our debt covenants; and

●   reduced cash flows from our operations could adversely affect our ability to execute our long-term strategy to increase liquidity, reduce debt, repurchase our stock and invest in our businesses.

changes in u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) and sec rules and regulations could materially impact our reported results.
u.s. gaap and sec accounting and reporting changes are common. these changes could have significant effects on our reported results when compared to prior periods and other companies and may even require us to retrospectively adjust prior periods. additionally, material changes to the presentation of transactions in the consolidated financial statements could impact key ratios that investors, analysts and credit rating agencies use to assess or rate ball's performance and could ultimately impact our ability to access the credit markets in an efficient manner.
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could, if not remediated, result in material misstatements in our financial statements.
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in rule 13a-15(f) under the securities exchange act. a material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. if a material weakness is identified, management could conclude that internal control over financial reporting is not effective based on criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organization of the treadway commission in "internal control-an integrated framework (2013)." if a material weakness is identified, a remediation plan would be designed to address the material weakness. if remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weakness, or if additional material weaknesses in internal control are discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements and we could be required to restate our financial results. as of december 31, 2022, the company had no material weaknesses.
17
we face risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and other outbreaks, including the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, which could adversely affect our business.
the circumstances of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and responses thereto continue to evolve. the products produced and services provided by ball have been deemed essential and, as a result, relevant governments around the world have allowed our operations to continue through the pandemic. covid-19 and its related variants, or another different future pandemic, could give rise to circumstances that cause one or more of the following risk factors to occur:
●   we could lose key customers, customers could become insolvent or have a reduction in demand for our products and services;

●   we could be subject to changes in laws and governmental regulations that adversely affect our business and operations;

●   we could be subject to adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

●   we might lose key management and operating personnel;

●   we may be subject to disruptions in the supply or price of our raw materials;

●   we may face prolonged work stoppages at our facilities;

●   we may be impacted by government budget constraints or government shutdowns;

●   our pension plan investments may not perform as expected, and we may be required to make additional contributions to our pension plans which would otherwise be available for other general corporate purposes;

●   our access to capital markets may be restricted, which could adversely affect our short-term liquidity and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under the notes issued pursuant to our bond indentures;

●   we may be subject to increased information technology (it) security threats and reduced network access availability;

●   our operations and those of our principal customers and suppliers could be designated as non-essential in key markets; and

●   a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting or a material misstatement in our financial statements could occur.

because the covid-19 pandemic is far-reaching and its impacts cannot be completely anticipated, additional risks may arise that could materially impact the company's financial results and liquidity.
the company has or may implement actions to minimize the risks and associated negative effects from covid-19, which do not guarantee the prevention or mitigation of material impacts on our business. some of these actions may include, and are not limited to:
●   implementing alternative work arrangements including work from home;

●   limiting or eliminating work-related travel;

●   effecting a full or partial shut-down of operations;

●   enhancing the cleaning and disinfecting of our physical locations;

●   implementing health screening for employees and third parties who enter our facilities;

●   adjusting inventory levels to mitigate potential supply disruptions;

●   modifying payment terms with customers;

●   providing additional health-related services to our employees;

●   reducing compensation for our employees;

●   reducing our workforce levels;

●   modifying our debt arrangements; and

●   adjusting contributions to defined benefit pension plans or income tax payments.

18
governmental and regulatory risks changes in laws and governmental regulations may adversely affect our business and operations.
we and our customers and suppliers are subject to various federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations, which have been increasing in number and complexity. each of our, and their, facilities is subject to federal, state, provincial and local licensing and regulation by health, environmental, workplace safety and other agencies in multiple jurisdictions. requirements of worldwide governmental authorities with respect to manufacturing, manufacturing facility locations within the jurisdiction, product content and safety, climate change, workplace safety and health, environmental, expropriation of assets and other standards could adversely affect our ability to manufacture or sell our products, and the ability of our customers and suppliers to manufacture and sell their products. in addition, we face risks arising from compliance with and enforcement of numerous and complex federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations.
enacted regulatory developments regarding the reporting and use of "conflict minerals" mined from the democratic republic of the congo and adjoining countries could affect the sourcing, availability and price of minerals used in the manufacture of certain of our products. as a result, there may only be a limited pool of suppliers who provide conflict-free materials, and we cannot give assurance that we will be able to obtain such products in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. also, because our supply chains are complex, we may face reputational challenges with our customers and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of all materials used in the products that we sell. the compliance and reporting aspects of these regulations may result in incremental costs to the company. while deposit systems and other container-related legislation have been adopted in some jurisdictions, similar legislation has been defeated in public referenda and legislative bodies in many others. we anticipate that continuing efforts will be made to consider and adopt such legislation in the future. the packages we produce are widely used and perform well in u.s. states, canadian provinces and european countries that have deposit systems, as well as in other countries worldwide.
while deposit systems and other container-related legislation have been adopted in some jurisdictions, similar legislation has been defeated in public referenda and legislative bodies in many others. we anticipate that continuing efforts will be made to consider and adopt such legislation in the future. the packages we produce are widely used and perform well in u.s. states, canadian provinces and european countries that have deposit systems, as well as in other countries worldwide.
significant environmental, employment-related and other legislation and regulatory requirements exist and are also evolving. the compliance costs associated with current and proposed laws and potential regulations could be substantial, and any failure or alleged failure to comply with these laws or regulations could lead to litigation or governmental action, all of which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
our aerospace segment is subject to certain risks specific to that business.
in our aerospace business, u.s. government contracts are subject to reduction or modification in the event of changes in requirements, and the government may also terminate contracts at its convenience pursuant to standard termination provisions. in such instances, ball may be entitled to reimbursement for allowable costs and profits on authorized work that has been performed through the date of termination.
in addition, budgetary constraints and government shutdowns may result in further reductions to projected spending levels by the u.s. government. in particular, government expenditures are subject to the potential for automatic reductions, generally referred to as "sequestration." sequestration may occur in any given year, resulting in significant additional reductions to spending by various u.s. government defense and aerospace agencies on both existing and new contracts, as well as the disruption of ongoing programs. even if sequestration does not occur, we expect that budgetary constraints and ongoing concerns regarding the u.s. national debt will continue to place downward pressure on agency spending levels. due to these and other factors, overall spending on various programs could decline, which could result in significant reductions to revenue, cash flows, net earnings and backlog primarily in our aerospace segment.
19
as a u.s. government contractor, we could be adversely affected by changes in regulations or any negative findings from a u.s. government audit or investigation.
our aerospace business operates in a highly regulated environment and is routinely audited and reviewed by the u.s. government and its agencies, such as the defense contract audit agency (dcaa) and defense contract management agency (dcma). these agencies review performance under our contracts, our cost structure and our compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards, as well as the adequacy of, and our compliance with, our internal control systems and policies. business systems that are subject to review under the dod federal acquisition regulation supplement (dfars) are purchasing, estimating, material management and accounting, as well as property and earned value management. any costs ultimately found to be unallowable or improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed or must be refunded if already reimbursed. if an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, sanctions or suspension or debarment from doing business with the u.s. government. whether or not illegal activities are alleged, the u.s. government also has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate. if such actions were to result in suspension or debarment, this could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our business faces the potential of increased regulation on some of the raw materials utilized in our packaging operations.
our operations are subject to federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions relating to some of the raw materials, including epoxy-based coatings utilized in our container making process. epoxy-based coatings may contain bisphenol-a (bpa). scientific evidence evaluated by regulatory agencies in the u.s., canada, europe, japan, australia and new zealand has consistently shown these coatings to be safe for food contact at current levels, and these regulatory agencies have stated that human exposure to bpa from epoxy-based container coatings is well below safe exposure limits set by government bodies worldwide. a significant change in these regulatory agency statements, adverse information concerning bpa or other chemicals present in our coatings, or rulings made within certain federal, state, provincial and local jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. ball recognizes that significant interest exists in non-epoxy based coatings, and we have been proactively working with coatings suppliers and our customers to transition to alternative coatings. in addition, various u.s. states have passed or are contemplating legislation restricting, and the eu is reviewing a proposal to restrict, the use of materials that contain intentionally added per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (pfas), which may require the company to continue to incur costs to convert existing coatings to accommodate pfas-free coatings. to mitigate these risks, the company is working with its suppliers to require them to remove pfas-containing coatings from our products.
earnings and cash flows can be impacted by changes in tax laws.
as a u.s.-based multinational business, the company is subject to income tax in the u.s. and numerous jurisdictions outside the u.s., including recent oecd, european commission and other trans-national initiatives that seek to impose minimum tax thresholds on most multi-national companies. the relevant tax rules and regulations are complex, often changing and, in some cases, are interdependent. if these or other tax rules and regulations should change, the company's earnings and cash flows could be impacted.
the company's worldwide provision for income taxes is determined, in part, through the use of significant estimates and judgments. numerous transactions arise in the ordinary course of business where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. the company undergoes tax examinations by various worldwide tax authorities on a regular basis. while the company believes its estimates of its tax obligations are reasonable, the final outcome after the conclusion of any tax examinations and any litigation could be materially different from what has been reflected in the company's historical financial statements.
20
technological risks decreases in our ability to develop or apply new technology and know-how may affect our competitiveness.
our success depends partially on our ability to improve production processes and services. we must also introduce new products and services to meet changing customer needs. if we are unable to implement better production processes or to develop new products through research and development or licensing of new technology, we may not be able to remain competitive with other manufacturers. as a result, our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be adversely affected.
increased information technology (it) security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, solutions and services, as well as those of our suppliers and customers.
the company's it systems, or any third party's system on which the company relies, as well as those of our suppliers and customers, could fail on their own accord or may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions or shutdowns, including interruptions or shutdowns due to natural disasters, power outages or telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks or failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software or hardware. increased global it security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime also pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data, as well as to the security and data of our suppliers and customers. as a provider of products and services to government and commercial customers, our aerospace business in particular may be the target of cyber-attacks, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to classified or sensitive information and networks. the company has a number of shared service centers where many of the company's it systems are concentrated and any disruption at such a location could impact the company's business within the operating zones served by the impacted service center. certain it-related risks may be heightened due to the transitional support we are providing to the russian beverage packaging business since its sale to russian owners in september 2022.
while we attempt to mitigate all of these risks to our networks, systems and data by employing a number of measures, including employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks, products, solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to advanced persistent threats or other it disruptions. depending on their nature and scope, such threats could potentially lead to the compromise of confidential information, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, harm to individuals or property, contractual or regulatory actions and fines, penalties and potential liabilities, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations. data privacy and protection laws are evolving and present increasing compliance challenges, which may increase our costs, affect our competitiveness and could expose us to substantial fines or other penalties. in addition, a security breach that involves classified or other sensitive government information could subject us to civil or criminal penalties and could result in the loss of our secure facility clearance and other accreditation, loss of our government contracts, loss of access to classified information or debarment as a government contractor.
human capital risks if we fail to retain key management and personnel, we may be unable to implement our key objectives.
we believe our future success depends, in part, on our experienced management team. unforeseen losses of key members of our management team without appropriate succession and/or compensation planning could make it difficult for us to manage our business and meet our objectives.
prolonged work stoppages at facilities with union employees could jeopardize our financial position.
as of december 31, 2022, 9 percent of our north american employees and 38 percent of our european employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. these collective bargaining agreements have staggered expirations during the next several years. although we consider our employee relations to be generally good, a prolonged work stoppage or strike at any facility with union employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. in addition, we cannot ensure that upon the expiration of existing collective bargaining agreements, new agreements will be reached without union action or that any such new agreements will be on terms satisfactory to us.
21
environmental risks adverse weather and climate changes may result in lower sales.
we manufacture packaging products primarily for beverages. unseasonable weather can reduce demand for certain beverages packaged in our containers. climate change and the increasing frequency of severe weather events could have various effects on the demand for our products, our supply chain and the costs of inputs to our production and delivery of products in different regions around the world. our plants' production may be prevented or curtailed due to severe or unanticipated weather and climate events.
our business is subject to substantial environmental remediation and compliance costs.
our operations are subject to federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions relating to environmental hazards, such as emissions to air, discharges to water, the handling and disposal of hazardous and solid wastes and the clean-up of hazardous substances. we have been designated, along with numerous other companies, as a potentially responsible party for the clean-up of several hazardous waste sites. additionally, there is increased focus on the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental issues worldwide. we strive to mitigate such risks related to environmental issues, including through the purchase of renewable energy, the adoption of sustainable practices, and by positioning ourselves as a sustainability leader in our industry.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k (annual report), which include additional information about our accounting policies, practices and the transactions underlying our financial results. the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (u.s. gaap) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes, including various claims and contingencies related to lawsuits, taxes, environmental and other matters arising during the normal course of business. we apply our best judgment, our knowledge of existing facts and circumstances and actions that we may undertake in the future in determining the estimates that affect our consolidated financial statements. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis using our historical experience, as well as other factors we believe appropriate under the circumstances, such as current economic conditions, and adjust or revise our estimates as circumstances change. as future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results may differ from these estimates. ball corporation and its subsidiaries are referred to collectively as "ball corporation," "ball," "the company," "we" or "our" in the following discussion and analysis.
overview business overview and industry trends ball corporation is one of the world's leading aluminum packaging suppliers. our packaging products are produced for a variety of end uses, are manufactured in facilities around the world and are competitive with other substrates, such as plastics and glass. in the aluminum packaging industry, sales and earnings can be increased by reducing costs, increasing prices, developing new products, expanding volumes and making strategic acquisitions. we also provide aerospace and other technologies and services to governmental and commercial customers, including national defense hardware, antenna and video tactical solutions, civil and operational space hardware and system engineering services.
we sell our aluminum packaging products mainly to large, multinational beverage, personal care and household products companies with which we have developed long-term relationships. this is evidenced by our high customer retention and our large number of long-term supply contracts. while we have a diversified customer base, we sell a significant portion of our packaging products to major companies and brands, as well as to numerous regional customers. the overall global aluminum beverage and aerosol container industries are growing and are expected to continue to grow in the medium to long term. the primary customers for the products and services provided by our aerospace segment are u.s. government agencies or their prime contractors.
we purchase our raw materials from relatively few suppliers. we also have exposure to inflation, in particular the rising costs of raw materials, as well as other direct cost inputs. we mitigate our exposure to the changes in the costs of aluminum through the inclusion of provisions in contracts covering the majority of our volumes to pass through aluminum price changes, as well as through the use of derivative instruments. the pass-through provisions generally result in proportional increases or decreases in sales and costs with a greatly reduced impact, if any, on net earnings; however, there may be timing differences of when the costs are passed through. because of our customer and supplier concentration, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the loss, insolvency or bankruptcy of a major customer or supplier or a change in a supply agreement with a major customer or supplier, although our contract provisions generally mitigate the risk of customer loss, and our long-term relationships represent a known, stable customer base.
the majority of our aerospace business involves work under contracts, generally from one to five years in duration, as a prime contractor or subcontractor for various u.s. government agencies. intense competition and long operating cycles are key characteristics of the company's aerospace and defense industry where it is common for work on major programs to be shared among a number of companies. a company competing to be a prime contractor may, upon ultimate award of the contract to a competitor, become a subcontractor for the ultimate prime contracting company.
26
corporate strategy our drive for 10 vision encompasses five strategic levers that are key to growing our business and achieving long-term success. since launching drive for 10 in 2011, we have made progress on each of the levers as follows:
●   maximizing value in our existing businesses by leveraging our aluminum container production capabilities across our global plant network to meet global demand, improving efficiencies and amplifying our sustainability credentials through aluminum stewardship initiative certification across our global aluminum container and end facilities in north america, south america and europe; leveraging plant floor and integrated planning systems to reduce costs and manage contractual provisions across our diverse customer base; successfully acquiring and integrating a large global aluminum beverage business and regional aluminum aerosol facility while also divesting underperforming assets; and in the aluminum aerosol business, installing new extruded aluminum aerosol lines in our european, mexican and indian facilities while also implementing cost-out and value-in initiatives across all of our businesses;

●   expanding further into new products and capabilities through delivering the broadest aluminum beverage and bottle portfolio, commercializing our lightweight, infinitely recyclable aluminum cup and providing next-generation extruded aluminum aerosol packaging that utilizes proprietary technology to significantly lightweight our products; and successfully introducing new specialty beverage cans and aluminum bottle-shaping technology;

●   aligning ourselves with the right customers and markets by prudently investing capital to meet continued growth for specialty beverage containers throughout our global network, which represent approximately 50 percent of our global beverage packaging mix; aligning with growing beverage customers and brand categories and other new beverage producers who continue to use aluminum beverage containers to grow their business; and in our aluminum cup business, establishing partnerships with food service providers, fast casual restaurants and event venues and utilizing online platforms and north american retailers to provide infinitely recyclable aluminum cups directly to consumers.

●   broadening our geographic reach with our acquisition of rexam in june 2016 and our new investments in beverage manufacturing facilities in the united states, brazil, paraguay, spain, czech republic, united kingdom, mexico, myanmar and panama, as well as extruded aluminum aerosol manufacturing facilities in north america, europe, india and brazil, and the start-up of our aluminum cups business in the u.s.; and

●   leveraging our technological expertise in packaging innovation, including the introduction of our new proprietary, brandable lightweight aluminum cup and providing next-generation aluminum bottle-shaping technologies for new categories, occasions and refillable offerings through the increased production of lightweight real® containers and which utilize technology that increases the strength of aluminum used in the manufacturing process while lightweighting the can by up to 30 percent over a standard aluminum aerosol can, as well as leveraging our aerospace technologies and competencies to deliver exquisite space-based environmental, weather and defense monitoring solutions such as methane monitoring, weather prediction, lidar capabilities and hypersonics to preserve and protect our planet through enabling our aerospace customers with actionable ecosystem-related and intelligence data and resilient national security architectures.

these ongoing business developments help us stay close to our customers while expanding and/or sustaining our industry positions and global reach with major beverage, personal care, household products and aerospace customers. in order to successfully execute our strategy and reach our goals, we realize the importance of excelling in the following areas: customer focus, operational excellence, innovation and business development, people and culture focus and sustainability.
27
results of operations management's discussion and analysis for our results of operations on a consolidated and segment basis include a quantification of factors that had a material impact. other factors that did not have a material impact, but that are significant to understand the results, are qualitatively described.
refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, as filed on february 16, 2021, for a comparison of our 2021 results of operations to the 2020 results.
global economic environment in 2022 data indicated a sharp rise in inflation in the regions where we operate. current and future inflationary effects may continue to be impacted by, among other things, supply chain disruptions, governmental stimulus or fiscal policies, changes in interest rates, and changing demand for certain goods and services as recovery from the covid-19 pandemic continues. we cannot predict with any certainty the impact that rising interest rates, a global or any regional recession, or higher inflation may have on our customers or suppliers. additionally, we are unable to predict the potential effects that any resurgence of covid-19, its variants or any future pandemic, or the continuation or escalation of the military conflict between russia and ukraine, and related sanctions or market disruptions, may have on our business. it remains uncertain how long any of these conditions may last or how severe any of them may become.
consolidated sales and earnings

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                     2022            2021              2020
net sales                                                               $15,349           $13,811           $11,781
net earnings attributable to ball corporation                                 719               878               585
net earnings attributable to ball corporation as a % of net sales               5   %             6   %             5   %
sales in 2022 were $1,538 million higher compared to 2021 primarily due to the pass through of higher aluminum prices and the delayed recoverability of inflationary costs, partially offset by currency translation.
net earnings attributable to ball corporation in 2022 were $159 million lower than 2021 primarily due to increased manufacturing and inflationary costs and net charges from the impairment of russian long-lived assets and the gain from the sale of ball's russian aluminum beverage packaging business, partially offset by the gain on sale of our remaining equity investment in ball metalpack, lower pension settlement charges in 2022 than in 2021 and lower depreciation expense. in 2023 we expect to improve year-over-year results through fixed cost savings from rightsizing production and the contractual recovery of 2022 inflationary costs.
cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization)
cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, was $12,766 million in 2022 compared to $11,085 million in 2021. these amounts represented 83 percent and 80 percent of consolidated net sales for the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. the increase year-over-year is primarily due to higher manufacturing costs, general inflationary cost pressures and global supply chain transportation disruptions. to mitigate these recent cost trends, we have established a commercial cost recovery program that is designed to help us recover a significant portion of those cost increases that fall outside our normal customer contracts. additionally, we took actions to normalize inventory levels and reduce fixed and variable costs heading into 2023 that we expect will improve financial results.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense was $672 million in 2022 compared to $700 million in 2021. these amounts represented 4 percent and 5 percent of consolidated net sales for the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. amortization expense in 2022 and 2021 included $135 million and $152 million, respectively, for the amortization of acquired rexam intangibles.the decrease compared to the same period in 2021 is primarily due to revised estimated useful lives of the company's manufacturing equipment, buildings and certain assembly and test equipment, as well as
28
the impairment and ultimate sale of the russia aluminum beverage packaging business. see note 4 for details regarding the sale of the russian operations.
effective july 1, 2022, ball revised the estimated useful lives of all of its equipment and buildings included in the analysis, which resulted in a net reduction in depreciation expense of approximately $49 million ($37 million after tax, or $0.12 per diluted share) for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the amount of depreciation expense that would have been recognized by utilizing the prior depreciable lives. this change in useful lives is expected to reduce depreciation expense by approximately $49 million for the six months ended june 30, 2023, for those assets included in the revision analysis.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses were $626 million in 2022 compared to $593 million in 2021. these amounts represented 4 percent of consolidated net sales for 2022 and 2021. the increase in sg&a expenses was primarily due to higher accounts receivable factoring costs, partially offset by lower personnel costs during the fourth quarter.
business consolidation costs and other activities business consolidation costs and other activities were $71 million in 2022 compared to $142 million in 2021. these amounts represented less than 1 percent and 1 percent of consolidated net sales for 2022 and 2021, respectively. the amounts in 2022 included impairment losses on russia's long-lived asset group, the gain on sale of ball's russian aluminum beverage packaging business, the gain on sale of ball's remaining equity method investment in ball metalpack, charges related to a brazilian customer's contract breach, facility shutdown costs, charges for employee severance and benefits related to cost-out activities and a charge related to a donation to the ball foundation. the amounts in 2021 included a non-cash pension settlement charge of $135 million and gains resulting from brazilian indirect tax rulings of $22 million. further details regarding business consolidation costs and other activities, including the russian impairment and gain on sale, are provided in note 10 and note 4, respectively.
interest expense total interest expense was $330 million in 2022 compared to $283 million in 2021. interest expense, excluding the effect of debt refinancing and other costs, as a percentage of average borrowings increased by approximately 10 basis points from 3.4 percent in 2021 to 3.5 percent in 2022 due to an increase in global interest rates. increased debt levels in 2022 compared to 2021 further contributed to higher interest expense for the year.
tax provision the company's effective tax rate is affected by recurring items such as income earned in non-u.s. jurisdictions with tax rates that differ from the u.s. tax rate and by discrete items that may occur in any given year but are not consistent from year to year.
the 2022 effective income tax rate was 18.0 percent compared to 15.5 percent for 2021. as compared with the statutory u.s. federal income tax rate of 21 percent, the 2022 effective income tax rate was reduced by 3.2 percent for the impact of the u.s. research and development credit and by 2.8 percent for the impact of non-u.s. rate differences including tax holidays. these reductions were partially offset by an increase of 2.3 percent for u.s. state and local taxes and by 1.6 percent for equity compensation related impacts. while these items are expected to recur, the potential magnitude of each item is uncertain.
further details of taxes on income, including impacts of the u.s. tax reform, are provided in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
29
results of business segments segment results ball's operations are organized and reviewed by management along its product lines and geographical areas, and its operating results are presented in the four reportable segments discussed below.
beverage packaging, north and central america

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                 2022        2021              2020
net sales                                                       $6,696            $5,856            $5,076
comparable operating earnings                                         642               681               683
comparable operating earnings as a % of segment net sales              10   %            12   %            13   %
in the third quarter of 2022, ball announced the permanent closure of its aluminum beverage can manufacturing facilities in phoenix, arizona, and st. paul, minnesota. the phoenix facility ceased production in the fourth quarter of 2022, and the st. paul facility ceased production in the first quarter of 2023.
segment sales in 2022 were $840 million higher compared to 2021 primarily due to the pass through of higher aluminum prices, partially offset by unfavorable price/mix.
comparable operating earnings in 2022 were $39 million lower compared to 2021 primarily due to unfavorable fixed cost absorption, higher inflationary costs and unfavorable customer mix, partially offset by favorable contractual terms, cost pass throughs and lower depreciation expense associated with the third quarter 2022 revision of estimated useful lives. in 2023 we expect to improve year-over-year results through fixed cost savings from rightsizing production and the contractual recovery of 2022 inflationary costs.
beverage packaging, emea

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                 2022        2021              2020
net sales                                                       $3,854            $3,509            $2,945
comparable operating earnings                                         358               452               354
comparable operating earnings as a % of segment net sales               9   %            13   %            12   %
segment sales in 2022 were $345 million higher compared to 2021 primarily due to the pass through of higher aluminum prices, favorable price/mix and 4 percent volume growth, partially offset by approximately $400 million from unfavorable currency translation and the sale of the russian aluminum beverage packaging business.
comparable operating earnings in 2022 were $94 million lower compared to 2021 primarily due to approximately $40 million from unfavorable currency translation, the impact of higher inflation, energy costs, supply disruptions across the region and the sale of the russian aluminum beverage packaging business, partially offset by the pass through of higher aluminum prices, volume growth and lower depreciation expense associated with the third quarter 2022 revision of estimated useful lives.
during the third quarter of 2022, and further to the russian invasion of ukraine, the company sold its russian business, composed of three manufacturing facilities, for total cash consideration of $530 million. the historical operations and results of the russian aluminum packaging business, including the gain on sale, are included in the beverage packaging, emea segment. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report for additional discussion regarding the sale and its impact to ball's financial results.
a summary of the results of the russian aluminum packaging business and the non-russian components of the beverage packaging, emea, segment, for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, are shown below:
30

year ended december 31,
($ in millions)                     2022                              2021
net sales russia                                  $554                  $594
non-russia                                     3,300                 2,915
beverage packaging, emea, segment       $3,854                $3,509
comparable operating earnings russia                                  $86                   $129
non-russia                                       272                   323
beverage packaging, emea, segment       $358                  $452
the russian sales and comparable operating earnings figures in the above table include historical support by russia for non-russian regions. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report for additional discussion regarding the sale.
beverage packaging, south america

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                 2022        2021              2020
net sales                                                       $2,108            $2,016            $1,695
comparable operating earnings                                         275               348               280
comparable operating earnings as a % of segment net sales              13   %            17   %            17   %
to ensure supply/demand balance and optimize low-cost production, the company ceased operations at its santa cruz, brazil, beverage can manufacturing facility during the third quarter of 2022, and temporarily reduced production across its remaining brazilian beverage can manufacturing footprint.
segment sales in 2022 were $92 million higher compared to 2021 primarily due to the contractual pass through of higher aluminum prices and price/mix, partially offset by 6 percent lower volumes.
comparable operating earnings in 2022 were $73 million lower compared to 2021 primarily due to lower volumes, unfavorable regional customer/product mix and fixed cost absorption in brazil, partially offset by the contractual pass through of costs and lower depreciation expense associated with the third quarter 2022 revision of estimated useful lives. in 2023 we expect to improve year-over-year financial results through fixed cost savings from rightsizing production.
aerospace

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                 2022        2021              2020
net sales                                                       $1,977            $1,911            $1,741
comparable operating earnings                                         170               169               153
comparable operating earnings as a % of segment net sales               9   %             9   %             9   %
segment sales in 2022 were $66 million higher compared to 2021, and comparable operating earnings were $1 million higher, primarily due to the company's new program wins, backlog growth and related backlog liquidation through contract performance, offset by supply chain inefficiencies and cost increases/inflationary pressures during 2022.
sales to the u.s. government, either directly as a prime contractor or indirectly as a subcontractor, represented 98 percent of segment sales in 2022 and 97 percent in 2021. the aerospace contract mix in 2022 consisted of 40 percent cost-type contracts, which are billed at our costs plus an agreed-upon and/or earned profit component, and 57 percent fixed-price contracts. the remaining sales were for time and materials contracts.
31
backlog for the aerospace segment at december 31, 2022 and 2021, was $2.97 billion and $2.47 billion, respectively. the actual amount of funding received in the future may be higher or lower than our estimate of potential contract value. the segment has numerous outstanding bids for future contract awards. the backlog at december 31, 2022, consisted of 35 percent cost-type contracts. comparisons of backlog are not necessarily indicative of the trend of future operations due to the nature of varying delivery and milestone schedules on contracts, funding of programs and the uncertainty of timing of future contract awards.
management performance measures management internally uses various measures to evaluate company performance such as comparable operating earnings (earnings before interest, taxes and business consolidation and other non-comparable costs); comparable net earnings (earnings before business consolidation costs and other non-comparable costs after tax); comparable diluted earnings per share (comparable net earnings divided by diluted weighted average shares outstanding); return on average invested capital (net operating earnings after tax over the relevant performance period divided by average invested capital over the same period); economic value added (eva®) dollars (net operating earnings after tax less a capital charge on average invested capital employed); earnings before interest and taxes (ebit); earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda); and diluted earnings per share. in addition, management uses operating cash flows as a measure to evaluate the company's liquidity. we believe this information is also useful to investors as it provides insight into the earnings and cash flow criteria that management uses to make strategic decisions. these financial measures may be adjusted at times for items that affect comparability between periods, including business consolidation costs and other non-comparable items.
nonfinancial measures used in the packaging businesses include production efficiency and spoilage rates; quality control figures; environmental, health and safety statistics; production and sales volume data; asset utilization rates and measures of sustainability. additional measures used to evaluate financial performance in the aerospace segment include contract revenue realization, award and incentive fees realized, proposal win rates and backlog. references to sales volume data represent units shipped.
many of the above noted financial measurements are presented on a non-u.s. gaap basis and should be considered in connection with the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report. non-u.s. gaap measures should not be considered in isolation and should not be considered superior to, or a substitute for, financial measures calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap. a presentation of earnings in accordance with u.s. gaap is available in item 8 of this annual report.
critical accounting policies and estimates for information regarding the company's critical and significant accounting policies, as well as recent accounting pronouncements, see note 1 and note 2 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
the company considers certain accounting estimates to be critical, as their application is made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations. detailed below is a discussion of why, to the extent the estimate is material, these estimates are subject to uncertainty and the sensitivity of the reported amounts to the methods, assumptions, and estimates underlying the estimate's calculation.
32
revenue recognition in the aerospace segment sales under fixed-price long-term contracts in the aerospace segment are primarily recognized using percentage-of-completion accounting under the cost-to-cost method. the company believes the accounting estimates related to revenue recognition in its aerospace segment are critical accounting estimates because they are highly reliant upon estimation throughout the segment's contracts with its customers. the recognition of revenue requires significant estimation on the part of management, including estimating techniques to project revenues and costs at completion and various assumptions and projections related to the outcome of future events, and evaluation of estimates of total contract revenue, total contract cost, and extent of progress toward completion. aside from estimation of total contract cost and progress towards completion, total revenues in our aerospace segment are subject to uncertainty due to the total amount that will be paid by the customer giving rise to variable consideration. the primary types of variable consideration present in the company's contracts are cost reimbursements, performance award fees, incremental funding and finalization of government rates. the company's accounting policy around revenue recognition in its aerospace segment and further details of estimates used in revenue recognition in its aerospace segment can be found in note 1 and note 5, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
defined benefit pension plans the company has defined benefit plans which require management to make assumptions relating to the long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates used to determine the present value of future obligations and expenses, salary inflation rates, mortality rates and other assumptions. the company believes the accounting estimates related to its pension plans are critical accounting estimates because several of the company's defined benefit plans have significant asset and liability balances, and because the assumptions used are highly susceptible to change from period to period based on the performance of plan assets, actuarial valuations, market conditions and contracted benefit changes. these assumptions do not change during the company's fiscal year unless a remeasurement event occurs in one of the plans, such as a significant settlement. the assumptions used in accounting for the company's defined benefit plans and how they have changed over time, as well as the sensitivity of the plans to changes in their related assumptions, can be found in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources cash flows and capital expenditures our primary sources of liquidity are cash provided by operating activities and external borrowings. we believe that cash flows from operating activities and cash provided by short-term, long-term and committed revolver borrowings, when necessary, will be sufficient to meet our ongoing operating requirements, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, dividend payments, anticipated share repurchases and anticipated capital expenditures. the following table summarizes our cash flows:

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                         2022              2021                  2020
cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities       $301                $1,760                $1,432
cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities             (786)               (1,639)               (1,181)
cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities               485                 (894)                 (602)
cash flows provided by operating activities were $301 million in 2022, primarily driven by net earnings of $732 million, depreciation and amortization of $672 million and business consolidation and other costs of $71 million, partially offset by working capital outflows of $924 million and pension contributions of $124 million. in comparison to the same period in 2021, and after adjusting for the impact of capital expenditures, our working capital movements reflect an increase in days sales outstanding of 7 days in 2022, an increase in inventory days on hand of 14 days in 2022 and a decrease in days payable outstanding of 6 days in 2022.
cash outflows from investing activities were $786 million in 2022 predominantly driven by $1.65 billion in capital expenditures, partially offset by $455 million net cash received for the sale of our russian aluminum beverage packaging business, net of the cash on the disposed business, and $298 million received for the for the sale of our remaining 49 percent owned equity investment in ball metalpack.
33
cash inflows from financing activities were $485 million in 2022, primarily driven by the issuance of $750 million of 6.875% senior notes due 2028, $394 million of borrowings under short-term uncommitted credit facilities and $200 million of borrowings under the company's long-term revolving facility, partially offset by the repayment of $738 million of 4.375% senior notes, net share repurchases of $582 million and common stock dividends of $254 million.
we have entered into several regional committed and uncommitted accounts receivable factoring programs with various financial institutions for certain of our accounts receivable. programs accounted for as true sales of the receivables, without recourse to ball, had combined limits of approximately $2.04 billion and $1.74 billion at december 31, 2022, and december 31, 2021, respectively. a total of $488 million and $308 million were available for sale under these programs at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
as of december 31, 2022, approximately $546 million of our cash was held outside of the u.s. in the event we need to utilize any of the cash held outside of the u.s. for purposes within the u.s., there are no material legal or other economic restrictions regarding the repatriation of cash from any of the countries outside the u.s. where we have cash. the company believes its u.s. operating cash flows and cash on hand, as well as availability under its long-term, revolving credit facilities, uncommitted short-term credit facilities and committed and uncommitted accounts receivable factoring programs, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of the u.s. portion of our ongoing operations, scheduled principal and interest payments on u.s. debt, dividend payments, capital expenditures and other u.s. cash requirements. if non-u.s. funds are needed for our u.s. cash requirements and we are unable to provide the funds through intercompany financing arrangements, we may be required to repatriate funds from non-u.s. locations where the company has previously asserted indefinite reinvestment of funds outside the u.s.
based on its indefinite reinvestment assertion, the company has not provided deferred taxes on earnings in certain non-u.s. subsidiaries because such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in its international operations. it is not practical to estimate the additional taxes that might become payable if these earnings were remitted to the u.s.
share repurchases the company's share repurchases totaled $618 million in 2022 and $766 million in 2021. the repurchases were completed using cash on hand, cash provided by operating activities, proceeds from the sale of businesses and available borrowings.
in the second quarter of 2022, in a privately negotiated transaction, ball entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement to buy $300 million of its common shares using cash on hand and available borrowings. in the third quarter of 2022, ball settled the agreement and received a total of 4.34 million shares with the average price paid per share of $69.06.
debt facilities and refinancing given our cash flow projections and unused credit facilities that are available until june 2027, our liquidity is strong and is expected to meet our ongoing cash and debt service requirements. total interest-bearing debt of $9.00 billion and $7.78 billion was outstanding at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
during 2022, ball issued $750 million of 6.875% senior notes due in 2028, redeemed $738 million of outstanding euro denominated 4.375% debt and completed the closing of its new revolving and term loan senior secured credit facilities that refinanced its existing senior secured credit facilities entered into in 2019. the company's senior credit facilities include a $1.35 billion term loan and long-term, multi-currency revolving facilities that mature in june 2027, which provide the company with up to the u.s. dollar equivalent of $1.75 billion. during 2021, ball issued $850 million of 3.125% senior notes due in 2031 and redeemed the outstanding 5% senior notes due in march 2022 in the amount of $748 million.
at december 31, 2022, approximately $1.49 billion was available under the company's long-term, multi-currency committed revolving credit facilities, which are available until june 2027. in addition to these facilities, the company had approximately $990 million of short-term uncommitted credit facilities available at december 31, 2022, of which $112 million was outstanding and due on demand.
34
while ongoing financial and economic conditions in certain areas may raise concerns about credit risk with counterparties to derivative transactions, the company mitigates its exposure by allocating the risk among various counterparties and limiting exposure to any one party. we also monitor the credit ratings of our suppliers, customers, lenders and counterparties on a regular basis.
some of ball's loan agreements use the london inter-bank offered rate (libor) in determining interest rates. the company is continually evaluating the impact that the transition from its libor-based interest rate loan agreements to secured overnight financing rate (sofr) based interest rate agreements will have on its consolidated financial statements. based on our most current understanding, the libor to sofr transition is not expected to have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we were in compliance with all loan agreements at december 31, 2022, and for all prior years presented, and we have met all debt payment obligations. the u.s. note agreements and bank credit agreement contain certain restrictions relating to dividends, investments, financial ratios, guarantees and the incurrence of additional indebtedness. the most restrictive of our debt covenants requires us to maintain a leverage ratio (as defined) of no greater than 5.0 times, which will change to 4.5 times as of september 30, 2025. as of december 31, 2022, the company could borrow an additional $2.32 billion under its long-term multi-currency committed revolving facilities and short-term uncommitted credit facilities without violating our existing debt covenants. additional details about our debt are available in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
defined benefit pension plans the company closed its pension plans to all non-unionized new entrants in the united states effective for anyone hired after december 31, 2021. new employees instead receive a non-elective 401(k) company contribution that is expected to approximate the legacy pension benefit. anyone employed by ball prior to that date is unaffected by this change.
other liquidity measures given the on-going growth projects in our businesses being undertaken to support eva-enchancing contacted volumes, in 2023, we expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $1.2 billion and we intend to return approximately $250 million to shareholders in the form of dividends. we further intend to utilize our operating cash flows to pay down debt and, to the extent available, repurchase ball common stock or fund acquisitions that meet our rate of return criteria.
we have committed contracts to purchase raw materials and we align these purchase commitments with long-term sales contracts with our customers such that any commitment to purchase aluminum and other direct materials corresponds to a contractual sale. these aluminum purchase commitments include pass-through provisions which generally result in proportional changes in both sales and costs of sales; however, there may be timing differences of when the costs are passed through.
the company's growth and asset maintenance plans require capital expenditures over the next years, which will be funded by operating cash flows and external borrowings. approximately $810 million of capital expenditures were contractually committed as of december 31, 2022. maturities for ball's long-term debt are disclosed in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report. repayments of debt and other operational cash requirements will also be funded by operating cash flows and external borrowings. the company has no material off-balance sheet arrangements.
contingencies, indemnifications and guarantees details of the company's contingencies, legal proceedings, indemnifications and guarantees are available in note 22 and note 23 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report. the company is routinely subject to litigation incidental to operating its businesses and has been designated by various federal and state environmental agencies as a potentially responsible party, along with numerous other companies, for the clean-up of several hazardous waste sites, including in respect of sites related to alleged activities of certain former rexam subsidiaries. the company believes the matters identified will not have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity, results of operations or financial condition.
35
guaranteed securities the company's senior notes are guaranteed on a full and unconditional, joint and several basis by the issuer of the company's senior notes and the subsidiaries that guarantee the notes (the obligor group). the entities that comprise the obligor group are 100 percent owned by the company. as described in the supplemental indentures governing the company's existing senior notes, the senior notes are guaranteed by any of the company's domestic subsidiaries that guarantee any other indebtedness of the company.
the following summarized financial information relates to the obligor group as of and for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021. intercompany transactions, equity investments and other intercompany activity between obligor group subsidiaries have been eliminated from the summarized financial information. investments in subsidiaries not forming part of the obligor group have also been eliminated.

year ended                year ended
($ in millions)                                     december 31, 2022         december 31, 2021
net sales                                           $9,975                    $8,083
gross profit (a)                                               996                       910
net earnings                                                   635                       432
net earnings attributable to ball corporation                  635                       432
(a)   gross profit is shown after depreciation and amortization related to cost of sales of $261 million and $210 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.


december 31,          december 31,
($ in millions)          2022                  2021
current assets               $2,478                $2,575
noncurrent assets                     15,764                14,818
current liabilities                    6,032                 5,067
noncurrent liabilities                10,790                10,989
included in the amounts disclosed in the tables above, at december 31, 2022 and 2021, the obligor group held receivables due from other subsidiary companies of $477 million and $436 million, respectively, long-term notes receivable due from other subsidiary companies of $9.89 billion and $9.22 billion, respectively, payables due to other subsidiary companies of $2.22 billion and $2.03 billion, respectively, and long-term notes payable due to other subsidiary companies of $2.21 billion and $1.99 billion, respectively.
for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, the obligor group recorded the following transactions with other subsidiary companies: sales to them of $1.50 billion and $803 million, respectively, net credits from them of $19 million and $18 million, respectively, and net interest income from them of $329 million and $337 million, respectively. during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, the obligor group received dividends from other subsidiary companies of $18 million and $269 million, respectively.
a description of the terms and conditions of the company's debt guarantees is located in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
36
forward-looking statements this report contains "forward-looking" statements concerning future events and financial performance. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "believes," and similar expressions typically identify forward-looking statements, which are generally any statements other than statements of historical fact. such statements are based on current expectations or views of the future and are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied. you should therefore not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements and they should be read in conjunction with, and qualified in their entirety by, the cautionary statements referenced below. ball undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. key factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be different are summarized in filings with the securities and exchange commission, including exhibit 99 in ball's form 10-k, which are available on ball's website and at www.sec.gov. additional factors that might affect: a) ball's packaging segments include product capacity, supply, and demand constraints and fluctuations and changes in consumption patterns; availability/cost of raw materials, equipment, and logistics; competitive packaging, pricing and substitution; changes in climate and weather and related events such as drought, wildfires, storms, hurricanes, tornadoes and floods; footprint adjustments and other manufacturing changes, including the startup of new facilities and lines; failure to achieve synergies, productivity improvements or cost reductions; unfavorable mandatory deposit or packaging laws; customer and supplier consolidation; power and supply chain interruptions; changes in major customer or supplier contracts or loss of a major customer or supplier; inability to pass through increased costs; war, political instability and sanctions, including relating to the situation in russia and ukraine and its impact on ball's supply chain and its ability to operate in europe, the middle east and africa regions generally; changes in foreign exchange or tax rates; and tariffs, trade actions, or other governmental actions, including business restrictions and orders affecting goods produced by ball or in its supply chain, including imported raw materials; b) ball's aerospace segment include funding, authorization, availability and returns of government and commercial contracts; and delays, extensions and technical uncertainties affecting segment contracts; c) ball as a whole include those listed above plus: the extent to which sustainability-related opportunities arise and can be capitalized upon; changes in senior management, succession, and the ability to attract and retain skilled labor; regulatory actions or issues including those related to tax, environmental, social and governance reporting, competition, environmental, health and workplace safety, including u.s. federal drug administration and other actions or public concerns affecting products filled in ball's containers, or chemicals or substances used in raw materials or in the manufacturing process; technological developments and innovations; the ability to manage cyber threats; litigation; strikes; disease; pandemic; labor cost changes; inflation; rates of return on assets of ball's defined benefit retirement plans; pension changes; uncertainties surrounding geopolitical events and governmental policies, including policies, orders, and actions related to covid-19; reduced cash flow; interest rates affecting ball's debt; and successful or unsuccessful joint ventures, acquisitions and divestitures, and their effects on ball's operating results and business generally.
