item 1a.    risk factors risk factors our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described below. additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our financial condition and business operations. see "cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements."
risks relating to our business and industries our operations have been and may in the future be adversely impacted as a result of pandemic outbreaks, including covid-19.
the covid-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world causing a disruption of global financial markets and increased levels of unemployment and economic uncertainty. since early 2020, government officials around the world, including in the countries where we operate, have imposed measures in response to the pandemic, including vaccination and masking requirements, protocols related to workplace activities, travel and large gathering table of contents restrictions, social distancing requirements, quarantines and shelter-in-place and stay-at-home orders. certain of these restrictions remain in place today. the covid-19 pandemic has curtailed global economic activity and caused significant volatility and disruption in global financial markets. during the course of the pandemic, we have not seen a significant disruption in our supply chain and we have been able to mitigate logistics and distribution issues that have arisen, and substantially all of our facilities around the world have continued to operate at or near normal levels. we have, however, experienced minor temporary workforce disruptions in our supply chain as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, including increased labor shortages and increased turnover. we have established an internal task force to closely monitor developments related to the pandemic and have implemented employee safety measures based on guidance from the centers for disease control and prevention, the world health organization, and local requirements and guidelines, across all our facilities, including proper hygiene, social distancing, mask use, and temperature screenings. we continue to closely monitor developments related to the pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our employees. while all facilities are currently operating normally, our internal task force is prepared to re-establish safety measures and protocols should infection rates increase. we continue to monitor local, regional, and national governmental actions that could limit or restrict the movement of agricultural commodities or products or otherwise disrupt physical product flows or our ability to operate in the future.
any future impacts of covid-19 or any new pandemic may adversely affect our operations, major facilities, or employees' and consumers' health and negatively impact general commercial activity related to our supply chain and customer base. the extent to which we will be impacted by covid-19 or any new pandemic is difficult to predict and cannot be estimated with any degree of certainty and will depend on many factors outside of our control. these factors include the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of any pandemic, the emergence of new covid-19 variants, the development, availability, distribution and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments, the imposition of protective public safety measures, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy. to the extent the covid-19 pandemic or any new pandemic adversely affects our business, results of operations, financial condition and share price, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this item 1a.
adverse weather conditions, including as a result of climate change, may adversely affect the availability, quality and price of agricultural commodities and agricultural commodity products, as well as our operations, supply chains, and operating results.
adverse weather conditions have historically caused volatility in the agricultural commodity industry and consequently in our operating results by causing crop failures or significantly reduced harvests, which may affect the supply and pricing of the agricultural commodities that we sell and use in our business, reduce demand for our fertilizer products, and negatively affect the creditworthiness of agricultural producers who do business with us.
severe adverse weather conditions, such as hurricanes and severe storms, may also result in extensive property damage, extended business interruption, personal injuries, and other loss and damage to us. our operations also rely on dependable and efficient transportation services, including transportation by ocean vessel, river barges, rail, and truck. a disruption in transportation services as a result of weather conditions, such as low river levels following periods of drought, may also have a significant adverse impact on our operations and related supply chains.
additionally, the potential physical impacts of climate change are uncertain and may vary by region. these potential effects could include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, shifts in agricultural production areas, changing temperature levels, and climatic volatility. the frequency and severity of the effects of climate change or weather patterns could increase and adversely impact our business operations, the location, costs and competitiveness of global agricultural commodity production and related storage and processing facilities, as well as the supply and demand for agricultural commodities, and may result in incidents of stranded physical assets. these effects could be material to our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
the ongoing war between russia and ukraine may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we maintain operations in ukraine and russia. ukraine forms part of a key international grain originating region and is also the world's largest supplier of sunflower seed and sunflower oil, commodities that cannot be completely replaced from other origins. on february 24, 2022, russia initiated a military offensive in ukraine. bunge's ukrainian operations comprise two oilseed crushing facilities, located in mykolaiv and dnipropetrovsk, a grain export terminal in the mykolaiv commercial seaport, numerous grain elevators, and an office in kiev. the company also operates a corn milling facility in ukraine via a joint venture. assets and operations located in regions affected by the war are at a heightened risk of property damage, inventory loss, business disruption, and expropriation. as of the date of this annual report, no material damage has been noted at any of bunge's ukrainian facilities; however, due to safety concerns, it is not always possible to conduct onsite physical inspections of our ukrainian facilities to understand the full extent of the impact of the war. as of december 31, 2022, we had total assets and total liabilities of $262 million and $125 million, respectively, in ukraine.
table of contents our ukrainian operations employ approximately 1,000 employees. while as of the date of this annual report some of our ukrainian employees have been forced to relocate to other areas within ukraine or to other countries, our workforce remains largely intact. the ongoing war could cause harm to our employees and otherwise impair their ability to work for extended periods of time, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. disruption to the power grid, transportation routes, telecommunications systems, banks, and other critical infrastructure necessary to conduct business in ukraine could also severely impair our ukrainian operations. the scope, intensity, duration and outcome of the ongoing war is uncertain, and the continuation or escalation of the war may have a material adverse effect on bunge's assets, operations and financial condition.
additionally, in response to the war, the united states, other nato member states, as well as non-nato member states, have announced targeted economic sanctions on russia, certain russian citizens, and russian enterprises. any continuation or escalation of the war may trigger a series of additional economic and other sanctions. on september 16, 2022, bunge signed an agreement to sell its remaining russian operations, primarily comprising an oilseed crushing and refining facility in voronezh, southwest russia, to karen vanetsyan. on february 3, 2023, the transaction closed in accordance with the terms of the agreement. we continued to operate our russian oilseed crushing and refining facility in compliance with all legal requirements until the sale was completed.
in addition, the risk of cybersecurity incidents has increased in connection with the ongoing war, driven by justifications such as retaliation for the sanctions imposed in conjunction with the war, or in response to certain companies' continued operations in russia. see "- our information technology systems, processes and sites may suffer interruptions, security breaches or failures that may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business."
although we insure ourselves against many types of risks, including certain risks associated with the ongoing war, our level of insurance may not cover all losses we could incur. there could be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition if we are not able to adequately insure against the possible exposure we could experience as a result of the war. to the extent the current war adversely affects our business, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed in this item 1a, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. due to the continuously evolving nature of the war, the potential impact that the war could have on these risk factors, and others that cannot yet be identified, remains uncertain. even if the war moderates, or a resolution between ukraine and russia is reached, we expect that we will continue to experience ongoing financial and operational impacts resulting from the war for the foreseeable future as ukraine rebuilds its economy and infrastructure.
we are subject to fluctuations in agricultural commodity and other raw material prices, energy prices, and other factors outside of our control that could adversely affect our operating results.
prices for agricultural commodities and their by-products, including, among others, soybeans, corn, wheat, sugar and ethanol, like those of other commodities, are often volatile and sensitive to local and international changes in supply and demand caused by factors outside of our control, including farmer planting and selling decisions, currency fluctuations, inflation, government agriculture programs and policies, pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic), governmental restrictions or mandates, global inventory levels, demand for biofuels, weather and crop conditions, and demand for and supply of competing commodities and substitutes. these factors may cause volatility in our operating results.
in 2022, certain of our raw material input costs increased materially and at a rapid rate. we expect the pressures of input cost inflation to continue into 2023. we may not be able to generate sufficient productivity improvements, price increases or commodity hedging benefits to fully offset these costs or do so on an acceptable timeline. to the extent we are unable to offset present and future input cost increases, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
additionally, our operating costs and the selling prices of certain of our products are sensitive to changes in energy prices. our industrial operations utilize significant amounts of electricity, natural gas and coal, and our transportation operations are dependent upon diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products. significant increases in the cost of these items, including as a result of the ukraine-russia war, and currency fluctuations could adversely affect our operating costs and results. we also sell certain biofuel products, such as ethanol, renewable diesel, and biodiesel, which are closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum products. as a result, the selling prices of ethanol, renewable diesel, and biodiesel can be impacted by the selling prices of oil, gasoline and diesel fuel. in turn, the selling prices of the agricultural commodities and commodity products that we sell, such as corn and vegetable oils that are used as feedstocks for biofuels, are also sensitive to changes in the market price for biofuels, and consequently world petroleum prices. prices for petroleum products and biofuels are affected by market and geopolitical factors and government fuel policies, over which we have no control. lower prices for oil, gasoline or diesel fuel could result in decreased selling prices for ethanol, renewable diesel, biodiesel and their raw materials, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results.
our business is seasonal, and our results may fluctuate depending on the harvest cycle of the crops upon which we rely and seasonal fluctuations related to the sale of our consumer products.
table of contents as with any agricultural business enterprise, our business operations are seasonal in nature. for example, in our agribusiness segment, while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as oilseeds and grains, we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres. however, the first quarter of the year has generally been our weakest in terms of financial results due to the timing of the north and south american oilseed harvests, as the north american oilseed harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters, while the south american harvest peaks in the second quarter. this creates price fluctuations, which result in fluctuations in our inventories and a degree of seasonality in our gross profit. in addition, certain of our consumer food products are influenced by holidays and other annual events. seasonality could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. in addition, our quarterly results may vary as a result of the effects of fluctuations in commodities prices, production yields and costs.
we face intense competition in each of our businesses.
we face significant competition in each of our businesses and we have numerous competitors, some of which are larger, more diversified and have greater financial resources than we have. additionally, in recent years we have experienced regional agribusiness competitors entering new geographies where previously they did not compete with us, and certain customers seeking to procure certain commodities directly rather than through historical suppliers such as us. furthermore, in conjunction with the recent increase in demand for renewable biodiesel feedstocks, we have experienced added competition for refining capacity from traditional petroleum companies. as many of the products we sell are global commodities, the markets for our products are highly price competitive, and in many cases also sensitive to product substitution. additionally, the geographic location of assets can competitively advantage or disadvantage us with respect to our competitors in certain regions. we also face competition from changing technologies and shifting industry practices, such as increased on-farm crop storage in several regions, which allows producers to retain commodities for extended periods and increase price pressure on purchasers such as us. to compete effectively, we must continuously focus on improving efficiency in our production and distribution operations, including through business optimization initiatives, developing and offering products that meet customer needs, optimizing our geographic presence in key markets, developing and maintaining appropriate market share and customer relationships, supporting socially responsible and sustainable corporate and business practices, and promoting our environmental stewardship. we also compete for talent in our industries, particularly commercial personnel. competition could cause us to lose market share and talented employees, exit certain lines of business, increase marketing or other expenditures, increase our raw material costs or reduce pricing, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business and profitability.
we are vulnerable to the effects of supply and demand imbalances in our industries.
historically, the market for some agricultural commodities and fertilizer products has been cyclical, with periods of high demand and capacity utilization stimulating new plant investment and the addition of incremental processing or production capacity by industry participants to meet the demand. the timing and extent of this expansion may then produce excess supply conditions in the market, which, until the supply/demand balance is again restored, negatively impacts product prices and operating results. during times of reduced market demand, we may suspend or reduce production at some of our facilities. the extent to which we efficiently manage available capacity at our facilities will affect our profitability, including the profitability of our bunge chevron ag renewables joint venture ("bunge chevron jv"). we also expect the results from our equity investment in the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture to be impacted by any potential shortage of, or increasing costs for, sugarcane.
we are subject to global and regional economic downturns and related risks.
the level of demand for our products is affected by global and regional demographic and macroeconomic conditions, including population growth rates and changes in standards of living. a significant downturn in global economic growth, or recessionary conditions in major geographic regions, may lead to reduced demand for agricultural commodities and food products, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. further, deteriorating economic and political conditions in our major markets, such as inflation, increased unemployment, decreases in disposable income, declines in consumer confidence, uncertainty about economic stability, or economic slowdowns or recessions, could cause a decrease in demand for our products.
additionally, weak global economic conditions and adverse conditions in global financial and capital markets, including rising interest rates and constraints on the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the financial condition and creditworthiness of some of our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, which in turn may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for more information.
in 2022, the united states reported high inflation rates and weaker gdp growth, with some economists forecasting a continuation of these conditions in 2023. brazil has experienced a slowing gdp growth rate coupled with relatively high table of contents interest rates as it emerges from the covid-19 pandemic, which may result in an uncertain economic and political environment that could in turn lead to reduced demand for our refined and specialty oils and milling products in the country. additionally, a slowdown in china's economy over a prolonged period, including as a result of continuing impacts of covid-19, population decline and other factors, could lead to reduced global demand for agricultural commodities. to the extent that such economic and political conditions negatively impact consumer and business confidence and consumption patterns or volumes, our business and results of operations could be significantly and adversely affected.
we are subject to economic, political, and other risks of doing business globally and in emerging markets.
we are a global business with a substantial majority of our assets and operations located outside the united states. in addition, our business strategies may involve expanding or developing our business in emerging market regions, including eastern europe, asia-pacific, the middle east, and africa. due to the international nature of our business, we are exposed to various risks of international operations, including:
•adverse trade policies or trade barriers on agricultural commodities and commodity products;
•government regulations and mandates in response to the covid-19 pandemic;
•new and developing requirements related to ghg emissions and other climate change initiatives and workforce diversity and inclusion mandates;
•inflation, hyperinflation, and adverse economic effects resulting from governmental attempts to control inflation, such as the imposition of wage and price controls and higher interest rates. for example, inflation rates in many countries in which we operate are currently at the highest levels in decades, resulting in tighter monetary policies, including higher interest rates. in addition, turkey, a country in which we operate, has experienced negative economic trends and multiple periods of high inflation rates. during the first quarter of 2022, turkey became a highly inflationary economy as defined under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap").
•changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation or enforcement in the countries in which we operate, including the risk of future adverse tax regulations relating to our status as a bermuda company in the event that the redomestication is delayed or otherwise abandoned, and the effects of complying with swiss tax law on us and our shareholders after the completion of the redomestication;
•difficulties in enforcing agreements or judgments and collecting receivables in foreign jurisdictions;
•exchange controls or other currency restrictions and limitations on the movement of funds, such as on the remittance of dividends by subsidiaries, most notably in ukraine and argentina;
•inadequate infrastructure and logistics challenges;
•sovereign risk and the risk of government intervention, including through expropriation, or regulation of the economy or natural resources, including restrictions on foreign ownership of land or other assets;
•the requirement to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations that apply to international operations, including, without limitation, economic sanctions regulations, labor laws, import and export regulations, anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, as well as other laws or regulations discussed in this "item 1a. risk factors" section;
•challenges in maintaining an effective internal control environment with operations in multiple international locations, including language differences, varying levels of u.s. gaap expertise in international locations and multiple financial information systems;
•changes in a country's or region's economic or political condition; and
•labor disruptions, civil unrest, significant political instability, coup attempts, wars or other armed conflict or acts of terrorism. see "-the ongoing war between russia and ukraine may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations."
these risks could adversely affect our operations, business strategies, and operating results.
as a result of our international operations, we are also exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other foreign currencies, particularly the brazilian real, canadian dollar, the euro, and chinese yuan/renminbi affect our revenues and expenses that are denominated in local currencies, affect farm economics in those regions and may also have a negative impact on the value of our assets located outside of the united states.
additionally, there continues to be a great deal of uncertainty regarding u.s. and global trade policies for companies with multinational operations like ours. in recent years, there has been an increase in populism and nationalism in various countries around the world and consequently historical free trade principles are being challenged. as we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on the nature and extent of any such changes and how well we are able to anticipate, respond to and effectively manage any such changes.
table of contents government policies and regulations affecting the agricultural sector and related industries could adversely affect our operations and profitability.
agricultural commodity production and trade flows are significantly affected by government policies and regulations. governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such as taxes (including "windfall profits" taxes), tariffs, duties, subsidies, import and export restrictions, price controls on agricultural commodities, and energy policies (including biofuels mandates), can influence industry profitability, the planting of certain crops versus other uses of agricultural resources, the location and size of crop production, whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded, and the volume and types of imports and exports. additionally, regulation of financial markets and instruments in the united states and internationally may create uncertainty as these laws are adopted and implemented and may impose significant additional risks and costs that could impact our risk management practices. further, increases in food and fertilizer prices have in the past resulted in increased scrutiny of our industries under antitrust and competition laws in various jurisdictions and increase the risk that these laws could be interpreted, administered or enforced in a manner that could affect our operations or impose liabilities on us that could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. future governmental policies, regulations or actions impacting our industries may adversely affect the supply of, demand for, and prices of our products, restrict our ability to do business in existing and target markets, or engage in risk management activities and otherwise cause our financial results to suffer.
finally, international trade disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions, particularly disputes involving the united states and china. this has in the past led, and can in the future lead, to significant volatility in commodity prices, disruptions in historical trade flows and shifts in planting patterns in the united states and south america, which have presented challenges and uncertainties for our business. we cannot predict the impacts that future trade policy or the terms of any negotiated trade agreements could have on our business and operations.
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures.
we have been an active acquirer of other companies, and we have joint ventures with several partners. part of our strategy involves acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures designed to expand or optimize our portfolio of businesses. our ability to benefit from acquisitions, joint ventures, and alliances depends on many factors, including our ability to identify suitable prospects, access funding sources on acceptable terms, negotiate favorable transaction terms, and successfully consummate and integrate any businesses we acquire. in addition, we proactively review our portfolio of businesses in order to identify opportunities to enhance shareholder value and may decide as a result of such reviews or otherwise, from time to time, to divest certain of our assets or businesses by selling them or entering into joint ventures. our ability to successfully complete a divestiture will depend on, among other things, our ability to identify buyers that are prepared to acquire such assets or businesses on acceptable terms and to adjust and optimize our retained businesses following the divestiture.
our acquisition, joint venture, or divestiture activities may involve unanticipated delays, costs, and other problems. if we encounter unexpected problems with acquisitions, joint ventures, or divestitures, our senior management may be required to divert attention away from other aspects of our businesses to address these problems. additionally, we may fail to consummate proposed acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, after incurring expenses and devoting substantial resources, including management time, to such transactions.
acquisitions also pose the risk that we may be exposed to successor liability relating to actions by an acquired company and its management before the acquisition. the due diligence we conduct in connection with an acquisition, the controls and policies we implement at acquired companies, and any contractual guarantees or indemnities that we receive from the sellers of acquired companies, may not be sufficient to protect us from, or compensate us for, actual liabilities. a material liability associated with an acquisition could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations and reduce the benefits of the acquisition. additionally, acquisitions involve other risks, such as differing levels of management and internal control effectiveness at the acquired entities, systems integration risks, the risk of impairment charges relating to goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with acquisitions, the risk of significant accounting charges and expenses resulting from the completion and integration of a sizable acquisition, the need to fund increased capital expenditures and working capital requirements, our ability to retain and motivate employees of acquired entities, compliance and reputational risks and other unanticipated problems and liabilities.
divestitures may also expose us to potential liabilities or claims for indemnification, as we may be required to retain certain liabilities or indemnify buyers for certain matters, including environmental or litigation matters associated with the assets or businesses that we sell. the magnitude of any such retained liability or indemnification obligation may be difficult to quantify at the time of the transaction and its cost to us could ultimately exceed the proceeds we receive for the divested assets or businesses. divestitures also have other inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals), the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses and unexpected costs or other difficulties associated with the separation of the businesses to be sold from our table of contents information technology systems and other management processes, including the loss of key personnel. further, expected cost savings or other anticipated efficiencies or benefits from divestitures may also be difficult to achieve or maximize.
additionally, we have several joint ventures and investments in which we have limited control over governance, financial reporting, and operations. as a result, we face certain operating, financial, and other risks relating to these investments, including risks related to the financial strength of our joint venture partners or their willingness to provide adequate funding for the joint venture, having differing objectives from our partners, the inability to implement some actions with respect to the joint venture's activities that we may believe are favorable if the joint venture partner does not agree, compliance risks relating to actions of the joint venture or our partners, and the risk that we will be unable to resolve disputes with the joint venture partner. as a result, these investments may contribute significantly less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flows.
we have a 50% ownership interest in bp bunge bioenergia joint venture related to our sugar and ethanol business in brazil. we share control in bp bunge bioenergia with bp, our joint venture partner, and as a result, our ability to realize the benefits of this joint venture will depend in part on our ability to work with and cooperate with bp, as well as the talent of the leadership of bp bunge bioenergia. in addition, the business and financial performance of the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture may be adversely affected if there is a significant shortage of sugarcane supply, which is the principal raw material used in the production of ethanol and sugar, or if there is an increase in the cost of available sugarcane, which could result from any termination of the joint venture's partnership or supply contracts.
in may 2022, we entered into the bunge chevron jv, in which we have a 50% ownership interest through the contribution of two soybean processing facilities. under the terms of the joint venture, we have agreed to operate the joint venture's facilities, and chevron corporation ("chevron") will have purchase rights for oil produced by the joint venture for use as a renewable feedstock to manufacture low lifecycle carbon intensity transportation fuels. we share control of certain key decisions pertaining to the bunge chevron jv with chevron, our joint venture partner, and as a result, our ability to realize the benefits of this joint venture will depend in part on our ability to work with and cooperate with chevron. the business and financial performance of the bunge chevron jv may also be adversely affected if there is a significant decrease in demand for renewable diesel. additionally, the bunge chevron jv is subject to risks similar to our other soybean processing facilities, which are described in this item 1a.
we are subject to industry and other risks that could adversely affect our reputation and financial results.
we are subject to food and feed industry risks which include, but are not limited to, spoilage, contamination, tampering or other adulteration of products, product liability claims, and recalls. we are also subject to shifts in customer and consumer preferences, including as a result of covid-19, and concerns regarding the outbreak of disease associated with livestock and poultry, including avian or swine influenza. also, increasing focus on climate change, deforestation, water, animal welfare and human rights concerns, and other risks associated with the global food system may lead to increased activism focusing on food companies and their suppliers, governmental intervention and consumer responses. these risks could adversely affect our, or our suppliers', reputations and businesses and our ability to procure the materials we need to operate our business.
as a company whose products comprise staple food and feed products sold globally, as well as ingredients included in trusted food brands of our customers, maintaining a good corporate reputation is critical to our continued success. reputational value is based in large part on perceptions, which can shift rapidly in response to negative incidents. the failure or alleged failure to maintain high standards for quality, safety, integrity, environmental sustainability and social responsibility, including with respect to raw materials and services obtained from suppliers, even if untrue, may result in tangible effects, such as reduced demand for our products, disruptions to our operations, increased costs and a loss of market share to competitors. our reputation and results of operations could also be adversely impacted by changing consumer preferences and perceptions relating to some of the products we sell, such as with regard to the quantity and type of fats, sugars, and grains consumed, as well as concerns regarding genetically modified crops. failure to anticipate, adapt or respond effectively to these trends or issues may result in material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are subject to numerous laws and regulations globally, which could adversely affect our operating results.
due to our global business operations, we are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. these include general business regulations, such as with respect to taxes, accounting, anti-corruption and fair competition, trade sanctions, product safety, and environmental matters, as well as those governing the manufacturing, production, handling, storage, transport, marketing and sale of our products. these include laws and regulations relating to facility licensing and permitting, food and feed safety, the handling and production of regulated substances, nutritional and labeling requirements, global trade compliance and other matters. our operations and those of our suppliers are also subject to restrictions on land use in certain protected areas, forestry reserve requirements, and limitations on water use. in addition to liabilities arising out of our current and future operations for which we have ongoing processes to manage compliance with regulatory obligations, we may be subject to environmental liabilities for past operations at current facilities and in some cases table of contents to liabilities for past operations at facilities that we no longer own or operate. we may also be subject to liabilities for operations of acquired companies. our industrial activities can also result in serious accidents that could result in personal injuries, facility shutdowns, reputational harm to our business and/or the expenditure of significant amounts to remediate safety issues or repair damaged facilities. we may incur material costs or liabilities to comply with environmental, health and safety requirements. any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may subject us to substantial fines, administrative sanctions, criminal penalties, revocations of operating permits and/or shutdowns of our facilities, litigation, and other liabilities, as well as damage to our reputation.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations, including u.s. regulations issued by customs and border protection, the bureau of industry and security, the office of antiboycott compliance, the directorate of defense trade controls and office of foreign assets control, as well as the counterparts of these agencies in other countries. any alleged or actual violations may subject us to government scrutiny, investigation and civil and criminal penalties, and may limit our ability to import or export our products, or to provide services outside the united states. furthermore, embargoes and sanctions imposed by the united states and other governments restricting or prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries or based on product classification may expose us to potential criminal or civil sanctions. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or in certain locations the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
in addition, continued government and public emphasis in countries in which we operate on environmental issues, including climate change, conservation and natural resource management, have resulted in and could result in new or more stringent forms of regulatory oversight or other limitations on the agricultural industry, including increased environmental controls, land-use restrictions affecting us or our suppliers and other conditions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. for example, certain aspects of our business and the larger food production chain generate carbon emissions. a number of jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce ghg emissions, including, but not limited to, the united states, canada, mexico, the european union and its member states, and china. for example, the biden administration has issued a series of executive orders and regulatory initiatives focused on climate change, including rejoining the paris climate agreement, pursuant to which the administration has announced a goal of halving u.s. ghg emissions by 2030. the imposition of regulatory restrictions on ghg emissions in many markets in which we operate, which may include limitations on ghg emissions, national emission reduction plans, requirements to make additional investments to modify our facilities, equipment and processes, other restrictions on industrial operations, taxes or fees on ghg emissions, and other measures, could affect land-use decisions, the cost of agricultural production and the cost and means of processing and transporting our products, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, and results of operations.
we are exposed to credit and counterparty risk relating to our customer and supplier counterparties in the ordinary course of business. in particular, we advance capital and provide other financing arrangements to farmers in brazil and, as a result, our business and financial results may be adversely affected if these farmers are unable to repay the capital advanced to them.
we have various credit terms with customers, and our customers have varying degrees of creditworthiness, which exposes us to the risk of non-payment or other default under our contracts and other arrangements with them. in the event that we experience significant defaults on their payment obligations to us, our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
in brazil, where there have been limited third-party financing sources available to farmers, we provide financing to farmers from whom we purchase soybeans and other agricultural commodities through prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances, which are generally intended to be short-term in nature and are typically secured by the farmer's crop and a mortgage on the farmer's land and other assets to provide a means of repayment in the potential event of crop failure or shortfall. as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, we had approximately $651 million and $594 million in outstanding prepaid commodity purchase contracts, and advances to farmers. we are exposed to the risk that the underlying crop will be insufficient to satisfy a farmer's obligation under the financing arrangements as a result of weather and crop growing conditions, and other factors that influence the price, supply and demand for agricultural commodities. in addition, any collateral held by us as part of these financing transactions may not be sufficient to fully protect us from loss.
we are a capital intensive business and depend on cash provided by our operations as well as access to external financing to operate and grow our business.
we require significant amounts of capital to operate our business and fund capital expenditures. our working capital needs are directly affected by the prices of agricultural commodities, with increases in commodity prices generally causing increases in our borrowing levels. we are also required to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain, upgrade, and expand our extensive network of storage facilities, processing plants, refineries, mills, logistics assets, and other facilities to keep pace with competitive developments, technological advances and safety and environmental standards. furthermore, the table of contents expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require us to have access to significant amounts of capital. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or raise sufficient external financing on attractive terms to fund these activities, including as a result of a tightening in the global credit markets, we may be forced to limit our operations and growth plans, which may adversely impact our competitiveness and, therefore, our results of operations.
at december 31, 2022, bunge had $6,665 million unused and available committed borrowing capacity comprising committed revolving credit facilities and the commercial paper program, totaling $5,665 million with a number of financial institutions, in addition to $1,000 million in committed unsecured delayed draw term loans. at december 31, 2022, our total debt balance is $4,651 million. our debt levels could limit our ability to obtain additional financing, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete, place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged than we are, and require us to dedicate more cash on a relative basis to servicing our debt and less to developing our business. this may limit our ability to run our business and use our resources in the manner in which we would like. furthermore, difficult conditions in global credit or financial markets, including increases in interest rates and diminished liquidity and credit availability, generally could increase the cost to finance our operations, adversely impact our ability to refinance maturing debt or the cost or other terms of such refinancing, or adversely affect the financial position of the lenders with whom we do business, which may reduce our ability to obtain financing for our operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-liquidity and capital resources."
access to credit markets and pricing of company debt is also dependent on maintaining appropriate credit ratings, and one of our financial objectives has been to maintain an investment grade credit rating. while our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt, reductions in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on favorable terms, as well as impair our ability to compete effectively relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.
our risk management strategies may not be effective.
our business is affected by fluctuations in agricultural commodity prices, transportation costs, energy prices, interest rates, and foreign currency exchange rates. we engage in hedging transactions to manage these risks. however, our exposures may not always be fully hedged, and our hedging strategies may not be successful in minimizing our exposure to these fluctuations. in addition, our risk management strategies may seek to position our overall portfolio relative to expected market movements. while we have implemented a broad range of risk monitoring and control procedures and policies to mitigate potential losses, they may not in all cases be successful in anticipating a significant risk exposure and protecting us from losses that have the potential to impair our financial position. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk".
the loss of, or a disruption in, our manufacturing and distribution operations or other operations and systems could adversely affect our business.
we are engaged in manufacturing and distribution activities on a global scale, and our business depends on our ability to execute and monitor, on a daily basis, a significant number of transactions across numerous markets or geographies. as a result, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental events, fires, explosions, strikes and other labor or industrial disputes, disruptions in logistics or information systems, as well as natural disasters, pandemics (including the covid-19 pandemic), wars (including the ukraine-russia war), acts of terrorism, and other external factors over which we have no control. while we insure ourselves against many of these types of risks in accordance with industry standards, our level of insurance may not cover all losses. the potential effects of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
our information technology systems, processes and sites may suffer interruptions, security breaches or failures that may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.
we rely on certain key information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, to provide critical data and services for internal and external users, including procurement and inventory management, transaction processing, financial, commercial and operational data, human resources management, legal and tax compliance, and other information and processes necessary to operate and manage our business. if we or our third-party service providers do not respond or perform effectively in connection with a cyber breach or system failure, our business may be impacted.
increased social engineering threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including advanced persistent threats and zero-day vulnerability exploits, pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, networks and services, and we may incur significant costs in protecting against potential security breaches, cyber-based attacks, or other cyber incidents. we and our third-party service providers are targeted by malicious actors and expect such incidents to continue. while we have implemented cybersecurity and data protection measures, our efforts to minimize the risks of cyberattacks and protect our information technology systems may be insufficient and we may experience breaches or other failures or disruptions table of contents that could compromise our systems and the information stored there as a result. such risks increase while some of our workforce in certain countries in which we operate continues to work remotely. new technology that could result in greater operational efficiency may further expose our computer systems to the risk of cyberattacks.
in addition, the risk of cybersecurity incidents, including cyberattacks against the ukrainian government and other countries in the region, has increased in connection with the ongoing ukraine-russia war, driven by justifications such as retaliation for the sanctions imposed in conjunction with the war, or in response to certain companies' continued operations in russia. it is possible that these attacks could have collateral effects on additional critical infrastructure and financial institutions globally, which could adversely affect our operations and could increase the frequency and severity of cyber-based attacks against our information technology systems. while we have taken actions to mitigate such potential risks, the proliferation of malware from the war into systems unrelated to the war, or cyberattacks against u.s. companies in retaliation for u.s. sanctions against russia, or u.s. support of ukraine, could also adversely affect our operations.
we have implemented security policies, training programs, measures and disaster recovery plans designed to prevent, detect and mitigate cyber-based attacks, and to protect the security and continuity of our networks and critical systems. we use encryption and authentication technologies designed to secure the transmission and storage of data and prevent access to company and user data or accounts. in addition, we also conduct tests and assessments using independent third parties on a regular basis. these measures may not adequately prevent adverse events such as breaches or failures from occurring, or mitigate their severity if they do occur.
if our information technology systems are breached, damaged or fail to function properly due to any number of causes, such as security breaches or cyber-based attacks, systems implementation difficulties, catastrophic events or power outages, and our security, contingency disaster recovery, or other risk mitigation plans do not effectively mitigate these occurrences on a timely basis, we may experience a material disruption in our ability to manage our business operations and produce financial reports, as well as significant costs and lost business opportunities until they are remediated. additionally, while we have insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks in place, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise.
we are also subject to a variety of laws and regulations regarding data privacy, data protection, and data security, including laws related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal information. data privacy regulations continue to evolve, and non-compliance with such regulations could subject the company to legal claims or proceedings, potential regulatory fines and penalties and damage to our reputation. these factors may adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as our competitive position.
changes in tax laws or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income taxes in various jurisdictions throughout the world. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes, along with interest and penalties. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits and assessments in order to assess the appropriateness of our tax assets and liabilities. however, the calculation of such liabilities involves significant judgment in the interpretation of complex tax regulations in many jurisdictions. therefore, any dispute with a taxing authority may result in a payment or outcome that is significantly different from current estimates. there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits and the actual outcomes of these audits could have a material impact on our consolidated earnings and financial condition in the periods in which they are recognized.
additionally, changes in tax laws could materially impact our effective tax rate and the monetization of recoverable tax assets (indirect tax credits). furthermore, the ongoing efforts in corporate tax transparency by the organization of economic cooperation and development ("oecd") and a number of countries has resulted in additional mandatory disclosures, which will likely cause additional scrutiny of the company's tax positions and potentially increased tax assessments. additionally, during 2022 increased grain and food prices globally have resulted in a limited number of jurisdictions calling for a "windfall profits" tax on agricultural grain traders and producers. so far, only one jurisdiction has implemented such tax, which is set to expire after 2023. this tax did not have a material impact on bunge.
our operations are dependent on a wide array of third parties.
the success of our supply chain relies on the continued performance of a wide array of third parties. suppliers, vendors, co-manufacturers, third-party outsourcers, warehousing partners, and transportation providers are among our critical business partners. although we take steps to qualify and audit third parties with whom we do business, we cannot guarantee that all third parties will perform dependably or at all. it is possible that events beyond our control, such as financial issues, operational failures, labor issues, cybersecurity events, pandemics (including the covid-19 pandemic) or other public health issues, or other systemic issues could impact our unaffiliated third parties. if our third parties fail to deliver on their commitments, introduce unplanned risk to our operations, such as exposing us to cybersecurity-related compromises, or are unable to fulfill their obligations, we could experience manufacturing challenges, shipment delays, increased costs, or lost revenue.
table of contents we are dependent on our executive management and other key personnel.
our success depends on our executive management team and other key personnel with skills upon which our business depends, and our ability to effectively identify, attract, retain, and motivate high quality employees, and replace those who retire or resign. we believe that we have an experienced and highly qualified executive management team, and the loss of service of any one or more of these key personnel could have a significant adverse impact on our operations and our future profitability. failure to retain and motivate our executive management team and to hire, retain, and develop other important personnel, which may be particularly challenging given the current dynamics in certain labor markets in which we operate, could generally impact other levels of our management and operations, as well as our ability to execute our strategies and may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
risks relating to the redomestication on december 8, 2022, we announced our intention to change the place of incorporation of our ultimate parent company from bermuda to switzerland. the redomestication is subject to various conditions, including shareholder approval, which we expect to seek in 2023. in connection with calling a special meeting of shareholders to seek the shareholder approval required for the redomestication, we filed a preliminary proxy statement with the sec on december 21, 2022 and we expect to file a proxy statement in definitive form and hold a special meeting of shareholders in 2023. please carefully review the preliminary proxy statement and the proxy statement in definitive form when it becomes available, as they contain important information about the redomestication and bunge.
the rights of the holders of our common shares will change as a result of the redomestication.
currently, the rights of the holders of our common shares are governed by bermuda law and our memorandum of association and bye-laws. after the redomestication, the rights of the holders of our common shares will be governed by swiss law, including new articles of association and organizational regulations, which will be different from bermuda law and our current memorandum of association and bye-laws in a number of important ways. the following is a list of certain of the rights of the holders of our common shares that will change if the redomestication is completed:
•voting threshold for business combinations. our bye-laws currently provide that merger or consolidation with another company, or the sale of substantially all assets of the company must be approved by a majority of the votes cast. under swiss law, a statutory merger or the sale of substantially all assets requires at least 66 2/3% of the registered shares and a majority of the par value of the registered shares, each as represented at a meeting of shareholders, to vote in favor of the transaction.
•action by unanimous written consent. our bye-laws currently provide that shareholders may take action by unanimous written consent in lieu of a general meeting of shareholders. after the redomestication, our articles of association will provide that shareholders are not permitted to act by written consent in lieu of a meeting of shareholders.
•bye-law amendments. many of the rights and obligations of bunge and its shareholders that are currently contained in bunge's bye-laws will be included in bunge's organizational regulations under swiss law. under swiss law, a company's organizational regulations may be amended by the board of directors without seeking shareholder approval, whereas under bermuda law, amendments to the bye-laws require board and shareholder approval.
the foregoing description of the changes to the rights of the holders of our common shares does not purport to be complete. for more information, see "comparison of rights of shareholders" in bunge's preliminary proxy statement filed with the sec in connection with the redomestication, which provides a comparison of current rights of bunge shareholders under bermuda law to the expected rights of bunge shareholders under swiss law following the redomestication.
as a result of increased shareholder approval requirements, we will have less flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management.
currently, our board of directors is permitted to authorize the repurchase of our issued and outstanding common shares without seeking shareholder approval. in certain rare circumstances following the redomestication, we may be required to seek shareholder approval to repurchase large quantities of our issued and outstanding common shares; however, we do not presently anticipate this to be a likely scenario. our ability to repurchase our shares is an important component of our capital management and shareholder return practices that we believe is important to our shareholders, and any restriction on our ability to repurchase our shares could make our common shares less attractive to investors.
under our current bye-laws, our board of directors may issue, without shareholder approval, any common shares authorized in our memorandum of association that are not issued or reserved. bermuda law and our current bye-laws also provide substantial flexibility in establishing the terms of new classes of preferred shares. in addition, our board of directors has the right, subject to statutory limitations, to declare and pay dividends on our common shares without a shareholder vote.
table of contents swiss law allows shareholders to authorize the board of directors with the ability to approve increases in stated share capital by up to 50%. under swiss law, the authority given to the board of directors to issue shares for such purposes must be renewed by the shareholders every five years. additionally, swiss law grants existing shareholders preemptive rights to subscribe for newly issued shares and advance subscription rights to subscribe for convertible and similar financial instruments. preemptive rights and advance subscription rights may be limited or withdrawn for valid reasons. swiss law also does not provide as much flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of shares. given that our stock exchange listing with the nyse will continue following the redomestication, our ability to issue share capital without additional shareholder approval will remain limited to 20% of the stated share capital.
swiss law also reserves for approval by shareholders many corporate actions over which our board of directors currently has authority. for example, dividends must be approved by shareholders. while we do not believe that the differences between bermuda law and swiss law relating to our capital management will have an adverse effect on us, we cannot assure you that situations will not arise where such flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders.
after the completion of the redomestication, we may not be able to make distributions or repurchase shares without subjecting you to swiss withholding tax.
under current swiss law, distributions made out of qualifying capital contribution reserves recognized by the swiss federal tax administration or made in the form of a par value reduction are not subject to swiss withholding tax. however, there can be no assurances that the swiss withholding tax rules will not be changed in the future or that shareholders will approve a distribution out of qualifying capital contribution reserves recognized by the swiss federal tax administration or a reduction in par value for distributions. further, over the long term, the amount of par value and qualifying capital contribution reserves available for us may be limited. if we are unable to make a distribution out of qualifying capital contribution reserves or through a reduction in par value, then any dividends paid by us will generally be subject to a swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35%. the withholding tax must be withheld from the gross distribution and paid to the swiss federal tax administration. a u.s. holder that qualifies for benefits under the convention between the united states of america and the swiss confederation for the avoidance of double taxation with respect to taxes on income, which we refer to as the "u.s.-swiss treaty," may apply for a refund of the tax withheld in excess of the 15% treaty rate (or for a full refund in case of qualified pension funds). switzerland currently has concluded more than 70 tax treaties with the same treatment regarding the refund of swiss withholding taxes. dividends, if any, paid on our shares are not currently subject to withholding tax in bermuda.
under current swiss law, repurchases of shares for the purposes of capital reduction are treated as a partial liquidation subject to 35% swiss withholding tax on the difference between the par value plus qualifying capital contributions reserves and the repurchase price. over the long term, the amount of par value and qualifying contribution reserves available for us may be limited. we may follow a share repurchase process for future share repurchases, if any, whereby swiss institutional investors purchase shares from you and then sell the shares to us and apply for a refund of the swiss withholding tax. however, if we are unable to use this process successfully, we may not be able to repurchase shares for the purposes of capital reduction without subjecting you to swiss withholding taxes. see "certain tax considerations-swiss tax considerations-consequences to shareholders of bunge-switzerland subsequent to the redomestication-repurchases of shares" of the preliminary proxy statement.
the redomestication will result in additional costs to us, some of which will be incurred regardless of whether the redomestication is completed.
the completion of the redomestication will result in an increase in some of our ongoing expenses and require us to incur some new expenses in connection with the redomestication regardless of whether the redomestication is completed.
we are seeking amendments to certain of our credit facilities and our trade receivable securitization program in parallel with the redomestication. failure to do so could have an adverse effect on our ability to complete the redomestication or on our business, results of operations, or financial condition after the completion of the redomestication.
upon the completion of the redomestication, a "change of control" constituting an event of default may be deemed to have occurred under the terms of the bank credit agreements governing our unsecured $1.1 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement, unsecured committed $1.35 billion 5-year revolving credit agreement, unsecured $865 million 5-year revolving credit agreement, unsecured $1.75 billion 3-year revolving credit facility, $750 million term loan facility, $250 million february 2023 delayed draw term loan facility, $250 million october 2022 delayed draw term loan facility, ¥30.7 billion term loan facility, $90 million term loan facility, and $600 million commercial paper program of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. these agreements permit acceleration of the borrowings under such facilities upon such an event of default. we also guarantee certain local credit lines and other financial arrangements of our subsidiaries in which consent may be required. we are seeking amendments to these facilities from our lenders to assign our obligations as guarantor thereunder to the swiss corporation to be incorporated in connection with the redomestication ("bunge-switzerland"), although we may not be able to obtain the creditor consents required to successfully amend any or all of these facilities. in addition, we and certain of our table of contents subsidiaries participate in a trade receivable securitization program that provides for funding up to $1.1 billion against receivables sold into such program. we are seeking amendments to assign our obligations thereunder to bunge-switzerland.
we do not expect to incur significant costs in connection with obtaining these consents or taking these actions. however, the failure to amend some or all of these facilities could have an adverse effect on our ability to complete the redomestication or on our business, results of operations, or financial condition after the completion of the redomestication.
bunge has senior notes outstanding in the aggregate amount of $3,735 million as of december 31, 2022 which are guaranteed by bunge limited. the indentures provide a provision for a successor guarantor domiciled in various countries including switzerland with no consent required from the noteholders. we expect no other changes to the indentures and economics to the noteholders. we do expect to deliver a notice of the successor guarantor to the bond trustee.
upon completion of the redomestication, we may qualify as a foreign private issuer and be exempt from certain u.s. securities laws and permitted to publicly disclose less information than u.s. public companies are required to disclose. if we qualify for and choose to utilize these exemptions, our shareholders may no longer have access to information they deem important, which may result in our common shares being less attractive to investors.
we do not currently believe that we will qualify as a "foreign private issuer" within the meaning of the rules promulgated by the exchange act, upon completion of the redomestication. the definition of a "foreign private issuer" has two parts-one based on a company's percentage of u.s. resident shareholders and the other on its business contacts with the united states. an organization incorporated under the laws of a foreign country qualifies as a foreign private issuer if either part of the definition is satisfied. we do not expect to qualify as a foreign private issuer under the shareholder test because we currently expect that more than 50% of our outstanding voting securities will continue to be held by u.s. residents after the completion of the redomestication. however, under the business contacts test, if it were the case after the redomestication that (1) more than 50% of our assets were located outside the united states, (2) our business was not administered principally in the united states and (3) a majority of our executive officers and directors were neither u.s. citizens nor u.s. residents, then we would qualify as a foreign private issuer. we do not expect that we will meet the requirements of clause (3) of this test upon the completion of the redomestication, as we believe a majority of our executive officers and directors will continue to be u.s. citizens or u.s. residents. however, we may satisfy this element of the test sometime in the future and, as a result, qualify for status as a foreign private issuer at such later date. if and when that occurs, we would be exempt from certain requirements applicable to u.s. public companies, including:
• the rules requiring the filing of quarterly reports on form 10-q and current reports on form 8-k with the sec,
• the sec's rules regulating proxy solicitations,
• the provisions of regulation fd,
• the filing of reports of beneficial ownership under section 16 of the exchange act (although beneficial ownership reports may be required under section 13 of the exchange act), and
• "short-swing" trading liability imposed on insiders who purchase and sell securities within a six-month period.
in addition, we would then be allowed to:
• file annual reports within six months after the end of a fiscal year,
• include more limited executive compensation disclosure in our filings with the sec,
• apply accounting principles other than u.s. gaap to our financial statements, although reconciliation to u.s. gaap would be required if international financial reporting standards as adopted by the international accounting standards board are not used, and
• choose which reporting currency to use in presenting our financial statements.
if we choose to utilize these exemptions, our shareholders may no longer have access to information they deem important, which may result in our common shares being less attractive to investors.
risks relating to our common shares we are a bermuda company, and it may be difficult to enforce judgments against us and our directors and executive officers.
we are a bermuda exempted company. as a result, the rights of holders of our common shares will be governed by bermuda law and our memorandum of association and bye-laws. the rights of shareholders under bermuda law may differ from the rights of shareholders of companies or corporations incorporated in other jurisdictions, including the united states. several of our directors and some of our officers are non-residents of the united states, and a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of those directors and officers are located outside the united states. as a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process on those persons in the united states or to enforce in the united states judgments obtained in u.s. courts against us or those persons based on civil liability provisions of the u.s. securities laws. it is doubtful whether courts in table of contents bermuda will enforce judgments obtained in other jurisdictions, including the united states, against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in bermuda against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of other jurisdictions.
our bye-laws restrict shareholders from bringing legal action against our officers and directors.
our bye-laws contain a broad waiver by our shareholders of any claim or right of action, both individually and on our behalf, against any of our officers or directors. the waiver applies to any action taken by an officer or director, or the failure of an officer or director to take any action, in the performance of his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the officer or director. this waiver limits the right of shareholders to assert claims against our officers and directors unless the act, or failure to act, involves fraud or dishonesty.
we have anti-takeover provisions in our bye-laws that may discourage a change of control.
our bye-laws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our board of directors. these provisions provide for:
•directors to be removed without cause at any special general meeting only upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast;
•restrictions on the time period in which directors may be nominated;
•our board of directors to determine the powers, preferences, and rights of our preference shares and to issue the preference shares without shareholder approval; and
•an affirmative vote of our board of directors and a majority of the votes cast at a general meeting of shareholders for certain business combination transactions.
these provisions, as well as any additional anti-takeover measures our board of directors could adopt in the future, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party's offer may be considered beneficial by many shareholders. as a result, shareholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following should be read in conjunction with "cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements" and our combined consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
operating results factors affecting operating results bunge limited, a bermuda company, together with its subsidiaries, is a leading global agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from farmer to consumer. the commodity nature of the company's principal products, as well as regional and global supply and demand variations that occur as an inherent part of the business, make volumes an important operating measure. accordingly, information is included in "segment overview and results of operations" that summarizes certain items in our consolidated statements of income and volumes by reportable segment. the common unit of measure for all reported volumes is metric tons.
effective january 1, 2022, we changed our methodology for reporting volumetric data for our reportable segments to simplify and more closely align our volume reporting with our primary income-generating activities. the primary change comprises the elimination of grain and oilseed volumes originated from our suppliers. volumes are now reported as follows:
•in our agribusiness segment, reported processing volumes comprise oilseed volumes crushed (processed) during a period, which approximate sales volumes to third parties during the same period. reported merchandising volumes represent sales volumes to third party customers.
•refined and specialty oils segment volumes represent sales volumes to third party customers.
•milling segment volumes represent feedstock ground (processed) during a period, again approximating sales volumes during the same period.
•no volumes are reported for our sugar and bioenergy segment, which primarily comprises the company's net earnings from its 50% interest in bp bunge bioenergia, or our corporate and other activities, which have no material revenue-generating activities.
certain reclassifications of prior period volumes have been made to conform to current presentation. a description of reported volumes for each reportable segment has also been included in the discussion of key factors affecting results of operations in each of our business segments as discussed below.
agribusiness in the agribusiness segment, we purchase, store, transport, process, and sell agricultural commodities and commodity products. profitability in this segment is affected by the availability and market prices of agricultural commodities and processed commodity products and the availability and costs of energy, transportation, and logistics services. profitability in our processing operations is also impacted by volumes procured, processed, and sold and by capacity utilization rates. availability of agricultural commodities is affected by many factors, including weather, farmer planting and selling decisions, plant diseases, governmental policies, and agricultural sector economic conditions. as noted above, reported processing volumes comprise oilseed volumes crushed (processed) during a period, which approximate sales volumes to third parties during the same period. reported merchandising volumes represent sales volumes to third party customers.
demand for our purchased and processed agribusiness products is affected by many factors, including global and regional economic conditions, changes in per capita income, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, particularly pork and poultry, population growth rates, relative prices of substitute agricultural products, outbreaks of disease associated with livestock and poultry, and demand for renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities and commodity products.
we expect that the factors described above will continue to affect global supply and demand for our agribusiness products for the foreseeable future. we also expect that, from time to time, imbalances will likely exist between oilseed processing capacity and demand for oilseed products in certain regions, which impacts our decisions regarding whether, when, and where to purchase, store, transport, process or sell these commodities, including whether to change the location of or adjust our own oilseed processing capacity.
additionally, price fluctuations and availability of commodities may cause fluctuations in our working capital, such as inventories, accounts receivable, and borrowings over the course of a given year. for example, increased availability of commodities at harvest times often causes fluctuations in our inventories and borrowings. increases in agricultural commodity table of contents prices will also generally cause our cash flow requirements to increase as our operations require increased use of cash to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange-traded futures that we use to hedge our physical inventories.
refined and specialty oils in the refined and specialty oils segment, our operating results are affected by changes in the prices of raw materials such as crude vegetable oils, the mix of products that we sell, changes in consumer eating habits, changes in per capita income, consumer purchasing power levels, availability of credit to customers, governmental dietary guidelines and policies, changes in regional economic conditions, and the general competitive environment in our markets. raw material inputs to our production processes in the refined and specialty oils segment are largely sourced at market prices from our agribusiness segment. reported volumes in this segment reflect sales volumes to third party customers. the unit of measure for these volumes is metric tons as these businesses are linked to the commodity raw materials, which are their primary inputs.
milling in the milling segment, our operating results are affected by changes in the prices of raw materials such as grains, the mix of products that we sell, changes in consumer eating habits, changes in per capita income, consumer purchasing power levels, availability of credit to customers, governmental dietary guidelines and policies, changes in regional economic conditions and the general competitive environment in our markets. raw material inputs to our production processes in the milling segment are largely sourced at market prices from our agribusiness segment. reported volumes in this segment reflect feedstock ground (processed) during a period, again approximating sales volumes during the same period. the unit of measure for these volumes is metric tons as these businesses are linked to the commodity raw materials, which are their primary inputs.
sugar and bioenergy our sugar and bioenergy segment primarily comprises our 50% interest in bp bunge bioenergia, a joint venture with bp. bp bunge bioenergia operates on a stand-alone basis with a total of 11 mills located across the southeast, north, and midwest regions of brazil. we account for our interest in the joint venture under the equity method of accounting. accordingly, our reported sugar and bioenergy results include our share of the net earnings in bp bunge bioenergia. while we are committed to supporting the growth and development of bp bunge bioenergia, our long-term goal is to seek strategic opportunities for our investment in the joint venture.
profitability of this segment, the value of our investment, and the timing of distributions we receive, if any, are affected by the profitability of the joint venture. in turn, the profitability of the joint venture is affected by the availability and quality of sugarcane, which impacts capacity utilization rates and the amount of sugar that can be extracted from the sugarcane, and by market prices of sugar and ethanol. the availability and quality of sugarcane is affected by many factors, including weather, geographical factors such as soil quality and topography, and agricultural practices. once planted, sugarcane may be harvested for several continuous years, but the yield decreases with each subsequent harvest. as a result, the current optimum economic cycle is generally five to seven consecutive harvests, depending on location. the joint venture owns and/or has partnership agreements to manage farmland on which it grows and harvests sugarcane and also purchases sugarcane from third parties. prices of sugarcane in brazil are established by consecana, the state of são paulo sugarcane, sugar, and ethanol council, and are based on the sucrose content of the cane and the market prices of sugar and ethanol. demand for the joint venture's products is affected by such factors as changes in global or regional economic conditions, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, population growth rates, changes in per capita income, and demand for and governmental support of renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities, including sugarcane.
in addition to these industry related factors which impact our business areas, our results of operations in all business areas and segments are affected by the following factors:
foreign currency exchange rates due to the global nature of our operations, our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results. on a monthly basis, for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the u.s. dollar, subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into u.s. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. as a result, fluctuations of local currencies compared to the u.s. dollar during each monthly period impact our consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each reported period (per quarter and year-to-date) and also affect comparisons between those reported periods. subsidiary balance sheets are translated using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date with the resulting translation adjustments reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss.
table of contents additionally, we record transaction gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity. these amounts are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, with the resulting gains or losses included in the entity's statement of income and, therefore, in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange (losses) gains - net.
we primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. as a result, any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss in our consolidated balance sheets. in contrast, foreign currency translation gains or losses on intercompany loans that are not of a permanent nature are recorded in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange (losses) gains - net.
income taxes as a bermuda exempted company, we are not subject to income taxes in our jurisdiction of incorporation. however, our subsidiaries, which operate in multiple tax jurisdictions, are subject to income taxes at various statutory rates ranging from 0% to 35%. the jurisdictions that significantly impact our effective tax rate are brazil, the united states, argentina, switzerland, and bermuda. determination of taxable income requires the interpretation of related and often complex tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate, and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding future events.
non-u.s. gaap financial measures total segment earnings before interest and taxes ("ebit") is an operating performance measure used by bunge's management to evaluate segment operating activities. bunge also uses core segment ebit, non-core segment ebit and total segment ebit to evaluate the operating performance of bunge's core reportable segments, non-core reportable segments, and total reportable segments together with corporate and other. core segment ebit is the aggregate of the ebit of each of bunge's agribusiness, refined and specialty oils, and milling segments. non-core segment ebit is the ebit of bunge's sugar & bioenergy segment. total segment ebit is the aggregate of the ebit of bunge's core and non-core reportable segments, together with corporate and other. bunge's management believes core segment ebit, non-core segment ebit, and total segment ebit are useful measures of operating profitability since the measures allow for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to financing methods or capital structure. in addition, ebit is a financial measure that is widely used by analysts and investors in bunge's industry. total segment ebit is a non-u.s. gaap financial measure and is not intended to replace net income attributable to bunge, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure. further, total segment ebit excludes ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests and is not a measure of consolidated operating results under u.s. gaap and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or any other measure of consolidated operating results under u.s. gaap. see the reconciliation of net income attributable to bunge to total segment ebit below.
cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted is calculated by including the net proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables with cash provided by (used for) operating activities. cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted is a non-u.s. gaap financial measure and is not intended to replace cash provided by (used for) operating activities, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure. our management believes presentation of this measure allows investors to view our cash generating performance using the same measure that management uses in evaluating financial and business performance and trends.
2022 overview net income attributable to bunge - for the year ended december 31, 2022, net income attributable to bunge was $1,610 million, a decrease of $468 million compared to a net income attributable to bunge of $2,078 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to lower segment ebit in our core segments and corporate and other activities, as further discussed in the segment overview and results of operations section below, and increased interest expense.
earnings per common share - diluted - for the year ended december 31, 2022, net income attributable to bunge common shareholders, diluted, was $10.51 per share, a decrease of $3.13 per share, compared to $13.64 per share for the year ended december 31, 2021.
ebit - for the year ended december 31, 2022, total segment ebit was $2,331 million, a decrease of $330 million compared to ebit of $2,661 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease in total segment ebit for the year ended december 31, 2022 was due to lower segment ebit in our core and non-core segments and corporate other other activities, as further discussed in the segment overview and results of operations section below, and which also provides a reconciliation of net income attributable to bunge to total segment ebit.
table of contents income tax expense - income tax expense was $388 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to income tax expense of $398 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease in income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2022 was primarily due to lower pre-tax income, partially offset by unfavorable earnings mix in our core and non-core segments.
liquidity and capital resources - at december 31, 2022, working capital, which equals total current assets less total current liabilities, was $7,158 million, an increase of $22 million, compared to working capital of $7,136 million at december 31, 2021. the slight increase in working capital was primarily due to an increase in trade accounts receivable, which was primarily driven by increased net sales in the current period and changes to the securitization program, as discussed in note 5- trade accounts receivable and trade receivable securitization program, partially offset by lower net assets held for sale following the completion of the sale of our mexican wheat milling business and an increase in the current portion of long-term debt due to the reclassification from long-term debt of the current portion of our 1.85% senior notes, due 2023.
segment overview and results of operations our operations are organized, managed, and classified into four reportable segments based upon their similar economic characteristics, nature of products and services offered, production processes, types and classes of customer, and distribution methods. we further organize these reportable segments into core operations and non-core operations. core operations comprise our agribusiness, refined and specialty oils, and milling segments. non-core operations comprise our sugar & bioenergy segment, which itself primarily comprises the company's 50% interest in the net earnings of bp bunge bioenergia, a joint venture with bp p.l.c. ("bp").
our remaining operations are not reportable segments, as defined by the applicable accounting standard, and are classified as corporate and other. corporate and other includes salaries and overhead for corporate functions that are not allocated to our individual reportable segments because the operating performance of each reportable segment is evaluated by the company's chief operating decision maker exclusive of these items, as well as certain other activities including bunge ventures, the company's captive insurance activities, and securitization program, as well as certain income tax assets and liabilities.
a reconciliation of net income attributable to bunge to total segment ebit follows:
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                            2022                    2021                    2020
net income attributable to bunge                                        $1,610                  $2,078                  $1,145
interest income                                                           (71)                    (48)                    (22)
interest expense                                                           403                     243                     265
income tax expense                                                         388                     398                     248
noncontrolling interests' share of interest and tax                          1                    (10)                     (3)
total segment ebit                                                      $2,331                  $2,661                  $1,633
agribusiness segment ebit                                                1,715                   2,290                   1,560
refined and specialty oils segment ebit                                    746                     666                     440
milling segment ebit                                                       162                    (74)                      91
core segment ebit                                                        2,623                   2,882                   2,091
corporate and other ebit                                                 (397)                   (333)                   (371)
sugar and bioenergy segment ebit                                           105                     112                    (87)
non-core segment ebit                                                      105                     112                    (87)
total segment ebit                                                      $2,331                  $2,661                  $1,633
34
table of contents core segments agribusiness segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                        2022                      2021                      2020
volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                   77,492                    83,957                    78,684
net sales                                                          $47,700                   $43,636                   $30,047
cost of goods sold                                                (45,410)                  (41,133)                  (28,185)
gross profit                                                         2,290                     2,503                     1,862
selling, general and administrative expense                          (532)                     (432)                     (520)
foreign exchange gains (losses) - net                                    2                      (24)                       150
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                         (45)                      (28)                      (21)
other (expense) income - net                                          (67)                       215                        42
income (loss) from affiliates                                           67                        56                        47
total agribusiness segment ebit                                     $1,715                    $2,290                    $1,560
2022 compared to 2021
agribusiness segment net sales increased by $4,064 million, or 9%, to $47,700 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $43,636 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was due to the following:
•in processing, net sales increased $3,194 million primarily due to higher average sales prices in our soybean processing businesses across all regions and our european softseed processing business as well as higher sales volumes in north america. the price increases primarily resulted from higher global commodity prices following the onset of the ukraine-russia war, which exacerbated an already tight commodity supply environment. higher sales volumes in north america were driven by strong oil and meal demand. the above increases were partially offset by lower sales volumes in our european oilseed processing and softseed processing businesses, primarily due to reduced activity at our ukrainian facilities as a result of the ukraine-russia war.
•in merchandising, net sales increased $870 million, primarily due to higher average sales prices in our global corn, wheat, and oil businesses, as a result of higher global commodity prices following the onset of the ukraine-russia war, which exacerbated an already tight commodity supply environment. these increases were partially offset by lower sales volumes in our global corn, wheat, and oil businesses, as a result of the ukraine-russia war, and the completion of the sale of a portfolio of grain elevators in the interior of the united states during the third quarter of 2021.
cost of goods sold increased by $4,277 million, or 10%, to $45,410 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to $41,133 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, cost of goods sold increased by $3,497 million due to higher average commodity prices, as noted in net sales above, increased industrial input costs, in particular energy, driven by inflationary pressures, unfavorable mark-to-market results, as well as $52 million in charges for losses sustained in relation to the ukraine-russia war, and $40 million of impairment charges related to the classification of our russian business as held-for-sale in the current year.
•in merchandising, cost of goods sold increased by $780 million due to higher average commodity prices, as noted in net sales above, and $28 million in charges for losses sustained in relation to the ukraine-russia war, partially offset by more favorable mark-to-market results, and lower volumes due to the completion of the sale of a portfolio of grain elevators in the interior of the united states during the third quarter of 2021.
gross profit decreased by $213 million, or 9%, to $2,290 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $2,503 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, a decrease of $303 million was due to higher cost of goods sold in excess of higher net sales, primarily driven by higher industrial input costs, in particular energy, due to inflationary pressures, unfavorable mark-to-market results, and certain non-recurring charges, as described above.

•in merchandising, an increase of $90 million was due to higher net sales in excess of higher cost of goods sold, primarily driven by strong execution and higher prices in our ocean freight business as well as more favorable mark-to-market results.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses increased $100 million, or 23%, to $532 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $432 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily driven by increased compensation costs and increased bad debt expense in the current period.
foreign exchange gains (losses) - net were a gain of $2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to a loss of $24 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the $2 million net gain in the current year was due to foreign exchange gains from our bunge financial services business, which is included in merchandising, partially offset by losses in our processing business driven by the impact of the strengthening u.s. dollar on u.s. dollar denominated loans payable in non-u.s. functional currency operations.
other (expense) income - net decreased $282 million, to expense of $67 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to income of $215 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to an $85 million mark-to-market loss on marketable securities and other short-term investments with exposures to ukraine, following the onset of the ukraine-russia war, as well as a $158 million prior year gain on the sale of a portfolio of interior grain elevators in the united states.
segment ebit decreased $575 million, or 25%, to $1,715 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $2,290 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, a decrease of $499 million was primarily due to lower gross profit, higher sg&a expense, lower other (expense) income - net, and lower foreign exchange results.
•in merchandising, a decrease of $76 million was primarily due to lower other (expense) income - net and higher sg&a expense, which more than offset higher gross profit and higher foreign exchange results.
2021 compared to 2020
agribusiness segment net sales increased by $13,589 million, or 45%, to $43,636 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $30,047 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was due to the following:
•in processing, net sales increased $7,125 million primarily due to significantly higher average sales prices in our soybean processing businesses in all regions, driven by higher commodity prices, and significantly higher average sales prices in our european softseed processing business.
•in merchandising, net sales increased $6,464 million primarily due to significantly higher average sales prices and volumes, primarily in our global corn, global oil and global wheat businesses, driven by higher commodity prices, and higher sales in our ocean freight business driven by increased global freight demand and related sales prices.
cost of goods sold increased by $12,948 million, or 46%, to $41,133 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $28,185 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, cost of goods sold increased by $6,492 million due to higher global commodity prices and related sales as noted above, as well as increased industrial input costs driven by inflation, in particular energy, partially offset by favorable mark-to-market results in our global soybean processing businesses.
•in merchandising, cost of goods sold increased by $6,456 million due to higher global commodity prices and related sales as noted above, as well as increased industrial input costs driven by inflation, in particular energy, and unfavorable mark-to-market results, primarily in our ocean freight business.
gross profit increased by $641 million, or 34%, to $2,503 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $1,862 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the net increase was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, an increase of $633 million was due to higher net sales in excess of higher cost of goods sold, as a result of strong oil and meal demand leading to higher sales prices, coupled with favorable mark-to-market results, as described above.
•in merchandising, an increase of $8 million was due to higher net sales in excess of higher cost of goods sold, as higher average sales prices were partially offset by unfavorable mark-to-market results, as described above.
table of contents sg&a expenses decreased $88 million, or 17%, to $432 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $520 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily due to a higher portion of variable incentive costs being allocated to corporate and other activities, as well as favorable currency movements, primarily from the weakening of the argentine peso and brazilian real.
foreign exchange gains (losses) - net decreased $174 million, to a loss of $24 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to a gain of $150 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. foreign exchange results were primarily driven by losses on u.s. dollar denominated loans payable in non-u.s. functional currency operations.
other (expense) income - net increased $173 million, to income of $215 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to income of $42 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase is primarily due to a $158 million gain resulting from the sale of certain interior grain elevators located in the united states during 2021.
segment ebit increased $730 million, or 47%, to $2,290 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $1,560 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, an increase of $558 million was primarily due to higher gross profit, lower sg&a and higher other (expense) income - net, partially offset by foreign exchange losses, as described above.
•in merchandising, an increase of $172 million was primarily due to higher gross profit, lower sg&a and higher other income (expense) - net, partially offset by foreign exchange losses, as described above.
refined and specialty oils segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                     2022                                         2021                    2020
volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                    9,201                     9,155                   9,521
net sales                                                          $16,850                   $13,332                  $9,599
cost of goods sold                                                (15,692)                  (12,476)                 (8,859)
gross profit                                                         1,158                       856                     740
selling, general and administrative expense                          (357)                     (355)                   (391)
foreign exchange losses - net                                         (14)                       (1)                     (2)
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                         (12)                      (73)                     (2)
other (expense) income - net                                          (29)                       239                      95
total refined and specialty oils segment ebit                         $746                      $666                    $440
2022 compared to 2021
refined and specialty oils segment net sales increased by $3,518 million, or 26%, to $16,850 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $13,332 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily due to higher average sales prices in all regions, driven by strong oil demand for use as renewable feedstock as well as strong food services demand.
cost of goods sold increased by $3,216 million, or 26%, to $15,692 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $12,476 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase in cost of goods sold was primarily due to higher average commodity prices in all regions, as described for net sales above, $55 million of non-recurring impairment charges and employee severance expenses related to the classification of our russian oilseed and processing business as held-for-sale in the current period, unfavorable mark-to-market results, and increased industrial input costs, in particular energy, during the current year. these increases were partially offset by a $50 million prior year non-recurring impairment charge, which included $15 million attributable to noncontrolling interests, recorded in relation to an oils facility in china.
gross profit increased by $302 million, or 35%, to $1,158 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $856 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was due to increased net sales in excess of increased cost of goods sold, primarily driven by strong oil demand for use as renewable feedstock and in food services, as described above, and increased average sales prices in excess of related raw material cost increases.
table of contents ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests, an expense when subsidiaries with noncontrolling interests generate earnings before interest and tax, versus income when subsidiaries with noncontrolling interests generate loss before interest and tax, decreased by $61 million, to expense of $12 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to expense of $73 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to the large noncontrolling interest share of a gain on the sale of our rotterdam oils refinery in the prior year.
other (expense) income - net decreased $268 million to expense of $29 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to income of $239 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the prior year income primarily related to a $219 million gain on the sale of our rotterdam oils refinery located in the netherlands, as well as a $19 million gain on the sale of a mexican oils packaging facility.
segment ebit increased by $80 million, or 12%, to $746 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $666 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to higher gross profit and lower ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests, partially offset by lower other (expense) income - net, as described above.
2021 compared to 2020
refined and specialty oils segment net sales increased by $3,733 million, or 39%, to $13,332 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $9,599 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to significantly higher average selling prices in north america, europe and asia, driven by strong demand for renewable diesel and in food services. the above increases were partially offset by lower overall volumes, driven by our south american operations due to stay-at-home orders associated with covid-19 in early 2021, as well as the sale of our brazilian margarine and mayonnaise assets in late 2020.
cost of goods sold increased by $3,617 million, or 41%, to $12,476 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $8,859 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase in cost of goods sold was due to higher raw material commodity prices as discussed above, higher industrial input costs, in particular energy, and a $50 million non-recurring impairment charge, which includes $15 million attributable to noncontrolling interests, recorded in relation to an oils facility in china. these increases were partially offset by lower overall volumes as described in net sales above.
gross profit increased by $116 million, or 16%, to $856 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $740 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was due to the increase in net sales in excess of the increase in cost of goods sold, primarily driven by strong demand for renewable diesel and in food services, as described above.
sg&a expenses decreased $36 million, or 9%, to $355 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $391 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to higher bad debt expense recorded in 2020, favorable currency movements, primarily from the weakening of the brazilian real, and the allocation of a higher portion of variable incentive costs to corporate and other activities.
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests, an expense when subsidiaries with noncontrolling interests generate earnings before interest and tax, versus income when subsidiaries with noncontrolling interests generate loss before interest and tax, increased by $71 million, to expense of $73 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to expense of $2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the expense for 2021 was primarily due to improved results in bunge loders croklaan, including the noncontrolling interest share of the gain on sale of our rotterdam oils refinery, partially offset by the noncontrolling interest share of an impairment charge on an oils facility in china.
other (expense) income - net increased $144 million, or 152%, to income of $239 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to income of $95 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. income for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to a $219 million gain, which includes the amount attributable to noncontrolling interests, resulting on the sale of our rotterdam oils refinery, as well as a $19 million gain on the sale of a mexican oils packaging facility. income for the year ended december 31, 2020 was due to a gain on the sale of our brazilian margarine and mayonnaise assets, which closed during the fourth quarter of 2020.
segment ebit increased by $226 million, or 51%, to $666 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $440 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to higher gross profit and other (expense) income - net, and lower sg&a, partially offset by higher ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests, as described above.
table of contents milling segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                      2022                    2021                    2020
volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                  4,331                   4,509                   4,359
net sales                                                         $2,388                  $1,909                  $1,616
cost of goods sold                                               (2,128)                 (1,882)                 (1,427)
gross profit                                                         260                      27                     189
selling, general and administrative expense                        (102)                    (96)                   (100)
foreign exchange (losses) gains - net                                  4                     (2)                       4
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                        (1)                     (1)                       -
other income (expense) - net                                           1                       -                     (1)
loss from affiliates                                                   -                     (2)                     (1)
total milling segment ebit                                          $162                   $(74)                     $91
2022 compared to 2021
milling segment net sales increased by $479 million, or 25%, to $2,388 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $1,909 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to higher sales volumes and prices in our south american wheat milling and north american corn milling businesses, due to an increase in global commodity prices following the onset of the ukraine-russia war, which exacerbated an already tight commodity supply environment, partially offset by lower volumes in our north american wheat milling business, driven by the completion of the sale of our mexican wheat milling business during the third quarter of 2022.
cost of goods sold increased by $246 million, or 13%, to $2,128 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $1,882 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to increased average commodity prices, as described for net sales above, and unfavorable mark-to-market results, partially offset by a prior year non-recurring impairment charge of $170 million related to the classification of our mexican wheat milling business as held-for-sale.
gross profit increased by $233 million, or 863%, to $260 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $27 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to higher sales volumes and price, in excess of related raw material cost increases, in our south american wheat milling business, as well as the cost of goods sold impact of a prior year non-recurring impairment charge of $170 million related to the classification of our mexican wheat milling business as held-for-sale.
sg&a expenses increased by $6 million, or 6%, to $102 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $96 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to higher compensation costs, as well as higher costs in south america as a result of appreciation in the brazilian real versus the u.s. dollar during the year.
segment ebit increased by $236 million, or 319%, to earnings before interest and taxes of $162 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to a loss before interest and taxes of $74 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to higher gross profit, as described above.
2021 compared to 2020
milling segment net sales increased by $293 million, or 18%, to $1,909 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $1,616 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to higher volumes and average sales prices in our south american and mexican wheat milling businesses and higher average sales prices in our north american corn milling business, partially offset by lower volumes in north america due to the sale of our rice milling business in 2020.
cost of goods sold increased by $455 million, or 32%, to $1,882 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $1,427 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily driven by the increased sales activity noted above, higher industrial costs, in particular energy, and a non-recurring impairment charge of $170 million related to the classification of our mexican wheat milling business as held-for-sale. these increases were partially offset by
39
table of contents lower volumes in north america in 2020 resulting from the sale of our rice business and favorable mark-to-market results in 2021.
gross profit decreased by $162 million, or 86%, to $27 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $189 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily due to the increase in cost of goods sold in excess of the increase in net sales, mostly due to a non-recurring impairment charge of $170 million related to the classification of our mexican wheat milling business as held-for-sale, as described above.
sg&a expenses decreased by $4 million, or 4%, to $96 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $100 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily due to a higher portion of variable incentive costs being allocated to corporate and other activities.
segment ebit decreased $165 million, or 181%, to a loss before interest and taxes of $74 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to earnings before interest and taxes of $91 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily due to lower gross profit, mostly driven by a non-recurring impairment charge of $170 million related to the classification of our mexican wheat milling business as held-for-sale, as described above.
corporate and other year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                      2022                    2021   2020
net sales                                                            $35                      $5                      $-
cost of goods sold                                                  (70)                    (34)                     (9)
gross profit                                                        (35)                    (29)                     (9)
selling, general and administrative expense                        (377)                   (350)                   (347)
foreign exchange (losses) gains - net                                (5)                    (11)                     (2)
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                        (9)                       3                       -
other income (expense) - net                                          84                      54                    (12)
loss from affiliates                                                (55)                       -                     (1)
total corporate and other ebit                                    $(397)                  $(333)                  $(371)
2022 compared to 2021
corporate and other ebit decreased $64 million, or 19%, to a loss of $397 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to a loss of $333 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily driven by non-recurring impairment charges of $53 million related to the impairment of minority investments in two start-up manufacturers of novel protein ingredients, merit functional foods and australian plant proteins, a non-recurring impairment charge of $11 million related to the classification of our russian business as held-for-sale, and increased expenses associated with growth initiatives. the decrease was partially offset by a $29 million gain, at bunge's then-70% share, related to the settlement of one of the company's international defined benefit pension plans in the first quarter of 2022.
2021 compared to 2020
corporate and other ebit improved $38 million, or 10%, to a loss of $333 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to a loss of $371 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the improved result is primarily due to our corporate venture capital unit (bunge ventures) activities, which benefited from a net mark-to-market gain on the initial public offering of two of its investments during 2021, as well as a bad debt expense and related legal provision in relation to an historical account receivable balance deemed uncollectible in 2020, partially offset by higher variable incentive costs in 2021 due in part to allocating a larger portion of variable incentive costs from the segments to corporate and other activities.
40
table of contents non-core segment sugar and bioenergy segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                 2022                  2021                  2020
net sales                                                      $259                  $270                  $142
cost of goods sold                                            (250)                 (264)                 (139)
gross profit                                                      9                     6                     3
selling, general and administrative expense                     (1)                   (1)                     -
foreign exchange losses - net                                     2                     -                     -
other income - net                                                2                     1                     2
income (loss) from affiliates                                    93                   106                  (92)
total sugar and bioenergy segment ebit                         $105                  $112                 $(87)
2022 compared to 2021
segment ebit decreased $7 million, or 6%, to $105 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, from $112 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was due to less favorable results from our investment in bp bunge bioenergia, resulting from lower ethanol sales volumes and higher operating costs.
2021 compared to 2020
segment ebit increased by $199 million, or 229% to income of $112 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to a loss of $87 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase is due to more favorable results from our investment in bp bunge bioenergia, driven by higher sugar and ethanol volumes and higher average sugar and ethanol sales prices in 2021, as well as a significant foreign exchange loss on u.s. dollar denominated debt of the joint venture due to a large depreciation in the brazilian real during 2020.
interest-a summary of consolidated interest income and expense follows:
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)       2022                  2021                  2020
interest income                      $71                   $48                   $22
interest expense                   (403)                 (243)                 (265)
2022 compared to 2021
interest income increased $23 million to $71 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $48 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. interest expense increased $160 million to $403 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $243 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase in net interest expense was due to higher variable interest rates in the current period, as well as a $47 million charge in connection with the early redemption of all our issued and outstanding 4.35% senior notes during the current period, partially offset by a lower average debt balance. the $47 million charge comprised a $31 million "make-whole" provision based on the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 4.35% senior notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest as of the march 10, 2022 redemption date, as well as $16 million related to the recognition of unrealized mark-to market losses on terminated and de-designated interest rate hedges.
2021 compared to 2020
interest income increased $26 million to $48 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $22 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. interest expense decreased $22 million to $243 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $265 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease in net interest expense was primarily due to lower variable interest rates, as well as increased interest income primarily driven by the positive resolution of an historical value-added tax matter, during the year ended december 31, 2021.
41
table of contents liquidity and capital resources our main financial objectives are to prudently manage financial risks, ensure consistent access to liquidity and minimize cost of capital in order to efficiently finance our business and maintain balance sheet strength. we generally finance our ongoing operations with cash flows generated from operations, issuances of commercial paper, borrowings under various bilateral and syndicated revolving credit facilities, term loans and proceeds from the issuance of senior notes. acquisitions and long-lived assets are generally financed with a combination of equity and long-term debt.
working capital as of december 31, us$ in millions, except current ratio                  2022                            2021
cash and cash equivalents                       $1,104                            $902
trade accounts receivable, net                   2,829                           2,112
inventories                                      8,408                           8,431
other current assets(1)                          4,417                           5,015
total current assets                           $16,758                         $16,460
short-term debt                                   $546                            $673
current portion of long-term debt                  846                             504
trade accounts payable                           4,386                           4,250
current operating lease obligations                425                             350
other current liabilities(2)                     3,397                           3,547
total current liabilities                       $9,600                          $9,324
working capital(3)                              $7,158                          $7,136
current ratio(3)                                  1.75                            1.77
(1)comprises assets held for sale and other current assets
(2)comprises liabilities held for sale and other current liabilities
(3)working capital is defined as total current assets less total current liabilities; current ratio represents total current assets divided by total current liabilities working capital was $7,158 million at december 31, 2022, an increase of $22 million from working capital of $7,136 million at december 31, 2021.
cash and cash equivalents - cash and cash equivalents were $1,104 million at december 31, 2022, an increase of $202 million from $902 million at december 31, 2021. cash balances are managed in accordance with our investment policy, the objectives of which are to preserve the principal value of our cash assets, maintain a high degree of liquidity, and deliver competitive returns subject to prevailing market conditions. cash balances are typically invested in short-term deposits with highly-rated financial institutions and in u.s. government securities. please refer to the cash flows section of this report, below, for details regarding the primary factors giving rise to the change in cash and cash equivalents during the year ended december 31, 2022.
trade accounts receivable, net - trade accounts receivable, net were $2,829 million at december 31, 2022, an increase of $717 million from $2,112 million at december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to increased net sales in the current period driven by factors described in the segment overview & results of operations above and the restructuring of the trade receivables securitization program during the fourth quarter of 2022 that results in bunge retaining ownership in a population of unsold receivables, as discussed in note 5- trade accounts receivable and trade receivable securitization program, partially offset by an increase in the aggregate size of the trade receivables securitization program that occurred during the first quarter of 2022, as noted in note 5- trade accounts receivable and trade receivable securitization program.
inventories - inventories were $8,408 million at december 31, 2022, a decrease of $23 million from $8,431 million at december 31, 2021. the slight decrease was due to lower volumes, primarily driven by the ukraine-russia war, partially offset by higher average commodity prices relative to the prior year.
rmi comprises agricultural commodity inventories, including soybeans, soybean meal, soybean oil, corn, and wheat that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics, widely available markets and international pricing
42
table of contents mechanisms. total rmi reported at fair value were $6,680 million and $6,869 million at december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, respectively (see note 6- inventories, to our consolidated financial statements).
other current assets - other current assets, including assets held for sale, were $4,417 million at december 31, 2022, a decrease of $598 million from $5,015 million at december 31, 2021. the decrease is primarily due to a decrease in dpp as a result of restructuring our trade receivables securitization program during the fourth quarter of 2022 (see note 5- trade accounts receivable and trade receivable securitization program to our consolidated financial statements), a decrease in marketable securities and other short-term investments, due to a decrease in investments with ukrainian exposures following the onset of the ukraine-russia war, as well as a decrease in assets held for sale due to the completion of the sale of our mexico wheat milling business (see note 3- acquisitions and dispositions, to our consolidated financial statements), partially offset by an increase in margin deposits, prepaid commodity contracts, and income tax receivable.
short-term debt - short-term debt, including the current portion of long-term debt, was $1,392 million at december 31, 2022, an increase of $215 million from $1,177 million at december 31, 2021. the higher short-term debt level at december 31, 2022 compared to december 31, 2021 is primarily due to an increase in the current portion of long-term debt associated with our 1.85% senior notes, due 2023, partially offset by lower short term debt used to fund working capital.
trade accounts payable - trade accounts payable were $4,386 million at december 31, 2022, an increase of $136 million from $4,250 million at december 31, 2021. the increase in trade accounts payable was primarily due to higher average inventory purchase prices during the current year as well as the timing of payments.
other current liabilities - other current liabilities, including liabilities held for sale, were $3,397 million at december 31, 2022, a decrease of $150 million from $3,547 million at december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to decreased unrealized losses on derivative contracts and a decrease in liabilities held for sale due to the completion of the mexico wheat milling disposition.
debt financing arrangements and outstanding indebtedness-we conduct most of our financing activities through a centralized financing structure that provides the company with efficient access to debt and capital markets. this structure includes a master trust, the primary assets of which comprise intercompany loans made to bunge limited and its subsidiaries. certain of bunge limited's 100% owned finance subsidiaries, bunge limited finance corp., bunge finance europe b.v., and bunge asset funding corp., fund the master trust with short and long-term debt obtained from third parties, including through our commercial paper program and certain credit facilities, as well as the issuance of senior notes. borrowings by these finance subsidiaries carry full, unconditional guarantees by bunge limited.
revolving credit facilities-at december 31, 2022, bunge had $6,665 million unused and available committed borrowing capacity comprising committed revolving credit facilities and the commercial paper program, totaling $5,665 million with a number of financial institutions, in addition to $1,000 million in committed unsecured delayed draw term loans. the following table summarizes these facilities for the years presented:
total committed   borrowings capacity   outstanding commercial paper program and revolving credit facilities (1)                       maturities                december 31, 2022   december 31, 2022                   december 31, 2021
commercial paper                                                                         2026                     $600           $-                                  $-
revolving credit facilities
$1.1 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement (2)                                      2023                    1,100           -                                   -
$1.75 billion 2024 revolving credit facility                                             2024                    1,750           -                                   -
$1.35 billion 5-year revolving credit agreement                                          2026                    1,350           -                                   -
$865 million 2026 revolving credit facility                                              2026                      865           -                                   -
total revolving credit facilities                                                                                5,065           -                                   -
total (3)                                                                                                       $5,665           $-                                  $-
(1)see note 18- short-term debt and credit facilities for further information on these programs.

(2)on july 15, 2022, we entered into an unsecured $1.1 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement (the "$1.1 billion credit agreement"), with a group of lenders maturing on july 14, 2023 (see note 19- long-term debt). the $1.1 billion credit agreement replaced the $1 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement that was in place as of december 31, 2021.
(3)total committed capacity excludes the committed capacity of a $250 million delayed draw term loan entered into on august 5, 2022, and which was drawn on february 2, 2023. total committed capacity also excludes a $750 million delayed draw term loan entered into on july 26, 2022, which was drawn at our option on january 25, 2023. the delayed draw term loans bear interest at sofr plus a credit spread adjustment and applicable margin (see note 19- long-term debt).
short and long-term debt-our short and long-term debt decreased by $1,313 million at december 31, 2022 from december 31, 2021, primarily due to cash inflows from operations, including net proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables. these cash inflows helped to reduce the debt required to fund the increased working capital requirements throughout the year. for the year ended december 31, 2022, our average short and long-term debt outstanding was approximately $5,986 million compared to approximately $7,181 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. our long-term debt outstanding balance, including the current-portion of long-term debt, was $4,105 million at december 31, 2022 compared to $5,291 million at december 31, 2021.
the following table summarizes our short-term debt activity at december 31, 2022.
(us$ in millions)          outstanding                                weighted                    highest                   average                   weighted balance at                                  average                    balance                   balance                    average december 31,                               interest                outstanding                    during                   interest
2022                                        rate at                     during                      2022                       rate december 31,                       2022                                               during
2022                                                                            2022
bank borrowings(1)         $546                                   15.53      %               $2,732                     $1,330                      10.95    %
commercial paper           -                                          -      %                  600                        181                       1.86    %
total                      $546                                   15.53      %                                          $1,511                       9.86    %
(1)includes $207 million of local currency bank borrowings in certain european, south american and asia-pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 32.12% as of december 31, 2022.
from time to time, through our financing subsidiaries, we enter into bilateral short-term credit lines as necessary based on our financing requirements. at december 31, 2022 there were no borrowings outstanding under these bilateral short-term credit lines. in addition, bunge's operating companies had $546 million and $673 million in short-term borrowings outstanding from local bank lines of credit at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to support working capital requirements.
on august 5, 2022, bunge entered into an unsecured $250 million delayed draw term loan (the "$250 million february 2023 delayed draw term loan") with a group of lenders that is required to be drawn by february 2, 2023. the $250 million february 2023 delayed draw term loan will bear interest at sofr plus a credit spread adjustment and applicable margin, as defined in the $250 million february 2023 delayed draw term loan agreement. the $250 million february 2023 delayed draw term loan was drawn on february 2, 2023 and matures on august 5, 2027.
on july 26, 2022, and later amended on october 7, 2022, bunge entered into an unsecured $750 million delayed draw term loan (the "$750 million delayed draw term loan") with a group of lenders giving bunge the option to draw the loan by january 25, 2023. the $750 million delayed draw term loan will bear interest at sofr plus a credit spread adjustment and applicable margin, as defined in the $750 million delayed draw term loan agreement. the $750 million delayed draw term loan was drawn on january 25, 2023 and matures on october 24, 2025.
on october 29, 2021, bunge entered into an unsecured $250 million delayed draw term loan (the "$250 million october 2022 delayed draw term loan") with a group of lenders that was required to be drawn by october 27, 2022. the $250 million october 2022 delayed draw term loan bears interest at sofr plus a credit spread adjustment and applicable margin, as defined in the $250 million october 2022 delayed draw term loan. the $250 million october 2022 delayed draw term loan was drawn on october 21, 2022 and matures on october 29, 2028.
table of contents the following table summarizes our short and long-term debt:
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                                     2022                        2021
short-term debt: (1)
short-term debt (2)                                                                               $546                        $673
current portion of long-term debt                                                                  846                         504
total short-term debt                                                                            1,392                       1,177
long-term debt:
term loan due 2024 - three-month tonar plus 0.76% (tranche a) (3)                                  232                         267
term loan due 2024 - three-month libor plus 1.30% (tranche b)                                       90                          89
term loan due 2028 - sofr plus 1.45%                                                               249                           -
3.00% senior notes due 2022 (4)                                                                      -                         399
1.85% senior notes due 2023 - euro                                                                 853                         906
4.35% senior notes due 2024 (5)                                                                      -                         598
1.63% senior notes due 2025                                                                        597                         596
3.25% senior notes due 2026                                                                        698                         697
3.75% senior notes due 2027                                                                        597                         596
2.75% senior notes due 2031                                                                        990                         989
cumulative adjustment to long-term debt from application of hedge accounting                     (341)                         (1)
other                                                                                              140                         155
subtotal                                                                                         4,105                       5,291
less: current portion of long-term debt                                                          (846)                       (504)
total long-term debt (6)                                                                         3,259                       4,787
total debt                                                                                      $4,651                      $5,964
(1)    includes secured debt of $56 million and $43 million at december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, respectively.
(2)    includes $207 million and $566 million of local currency borrowings in certain european, south american, and asia-pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 32.12% and 23.14% as of december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, respectively.
(3) effective january 1, 2022, the three-month yen libor rate was discontinued and replaced by the tokyo overnight average rate ("tonar" or "tona").
(4) on august 23, 2022, bunge issued a notice of redemption for all of the issued and outstanding 3.00% senior notes due september 25, 2022. the redemption of the 3.00% senior notes occurred on september 7, 2022. in connection with the redemption, for the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recorded a $405 million payment for redemption of the notes, at par, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
(5) on february 23, 2022, bunge issued a notice of redemption for all of the issued and outstanding 4.35% unsecured senior notes (the "4.35% senior notes") due march 15, 2024. the redemption for the 4.35% senior notes occurred on march 10, 2022. in connection with the redemption, for the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recorded a $47 million charge within interest expense, of which $31 million related to a "make-whole" provision based on the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 4.35% senior notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest as of the march 10, 2022, redemption date, and $16 million related to the reclassification of unrealized mark-to-market losses on terminated and de-designated interest rate hedges.
(6)    includes secured debt of $21 million and $50 million at december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, respectively.
table of contents credit ratings-bunge's debt ratings and outlook by major credit rating agencies at december 31, 2022 were as follows:
short-termdebt(1)       long-term         outlook debt standard &amp; poor's         a-1                     bbb               positive moody's                       p-1                     baa2              stable fitch                                                 bbb               positive
(1)short-term rating applies only to bunge asset funding corp., the issuer under our commercial paper program.
our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt. however, credit rating downgrades would increase borrowing costs under our credit facilities and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on competitive terms. a significant increase in our borrowing costs could impair our ability to compete effectively in our business relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.
our credit facilities and certain senior notes require us to comply with specified financial covenants, including minimum current ratio, maximum debt to capitalization ratio, and limitations on secured indebtedness. we were in compliance with these covenants as of december 31, 2022.
trade receivable securitization program bunge and certain of its subsidiaries participate in a trade receivables securitization program (the "program") with a financial institution, as administrative agent, and certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers (collectively, the "purchasers") that provides for funding up to $1.1 billion against receivables sold into the program. bunge may also, from time to time with the consent of the administrative agent, request one or more of the existing committed purchasers or new committed purchasers to increase the total commitments by an amount not to exceed $250 million pursuant to an accordion provision. koninklijke bunge b.v., a wholly owned subsidiary of bunge, acts as master servicer, responsible for servicing and collecting the accounts receivable for the program. the program is designed to enhance bunge's financial flexibility by providing an additional source of liquidity for its operations.
on november 16, 2022, bunge and certain of its subsidiaries amended the program from a deferred purchase price ("dpp") structure to a pledge structure. under the new structure, a consolidated bankruptcy remote special purpose entity, bunge securitization b.v. ("bsbv"), transfers certain trade receivables to the purchasers in exchange for a cash payment up to $1.1 billion and retains ownership of a population of unsold receivables. bsbv agrees to guaranty the collection of sold receivables and grants a lien to the administrative agent on all unsold receivables. collections on unsold receivables and guarantee payments are classified as operating activities in bunge's consolidated statements of cash flows.
the program terminates on may 17, 2031; however, each committed purchaser's commitment to purchase trade receivables under the program will terminate on may 17, 2025, unless extended for an additional period in accordance with the terms of the receivables transfer agreement.
under the program's previous structure, bunge's risk of loss following the sale of the trade receivables was limited to the dpp, included in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets (see note 7- other current assets). the dpp was repaid in cash as receivables were collected, generally within 30 days. under the amended structure, bunge's risk of loss following the sale of the trade receivables is substantially the same and limited to the assets of bsbv, primarily comprised of unsold receivables pledged to the administrative agent. provisions for delinquencies and credit losses on trade receivables sold under the program as of december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were zero, $5 million, and $5 million, respectively.
interest rate swap agreements we may use interest rate swaps in hedge accounting relationships and record the swaps at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. additionally, the carrying amount of the associated debt is adjusted through earnings for changes in fair value due to changes in benchmark interest rates. see note 17- derivative instruments and hedging activities to our consolidated financial statements.
table of contents equity total equity is set forth in the following table:
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                      2022                        2021
convertible perpetual preference shares                                              $-                        $690
common shares                                                                         1                           1
additional paid-in capital                                                        6,692                       5,590
retained earnings                                                                10,222                       8,979
accumulated other comprehensive loss                                            (6,371)                     (6,471)
treasury shares, at cost (2022-18,835,812 and 2021-16,726,697)                  (1,320)                     (1,120)
total bunge shareholders' equity                                                  9,224                       7,669
noncontrolling interests                                                            732                         156
total equity                                                                     $9,956                      $7,825
total bunge shareholders' equity was $9,224 million at december 31, 2022 compared to $7,669 million at december 31, 2021. the increase in bunge shareholders' equity during the year ended december 31, 2022 was primarily due to $1,610 million of net income attributable to bunge, $247 million from sales of noncontrolling interest, recorded in additional paid-in capital, and $100 million of other comprehensive income, primarily driven by currency translation adjustments, partially offset by $362 million of declared dividends to common shareholders, and $200 million of common share repurchases.
noncontrolling interests increased to $732 million at december 31, 2022 from $156 million at december 31, 2021 primarily due to the reclassification of the remaining redeemable noncontrolling interest in loders to noncontrolling interests (refer to note 24- redeemable noncontrolling interest), the sale of noncontrolling interest during the period, primarily related to the creation of the bunge chevron jv (refer to note 1- nature of business, basis of presentation and significant accounting policies), and net income attributable to our noncontrolling interest entities, partially offset by dividends paid to noncontrolling interest holders.
cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares - on march 18, 2022, we announced all issued and outstanding shares of our 4.875% cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares ("convertible preference shares") would automatically convert into common shares of the company, par value $0.01 per share, effective march 23, 2022 (the "conversion date"). on march 18, 2022, the closing price of the common shares of the company on the nyse was $104.91, marking the 20th trading day in the previous 30 trading days that the closing price of the common shares of the company exceeded 130% of the conversion price, triggering our right under the certificate of designation for the convertible preference shares, at our option, to mandatorily convert the convertible preference shares. the conversion price adjusted from $78.1322, per note 24 - equity included in the company's 2021 annual report on form 10-k, to $77.8482 on february 16, 2022.
each convertible preference share automatically converted into 1.2846 common shares of the company on the conversion date and cash was paid in lieu of fractional common shares of the company. there were 6,898,268 convertible preference shares issued and outstanding prior to the conversion, which resulted in the issuance of 8,861,515 new common shares of the company. additionally, during the first quarter of 2022, prior to the conversion, 1,415 convertible preference shares were voluntarily converted by preference shareholders into 1,816 common shares. as a result of the conversions, no convertible preference shares are issued or outstanding, and all rights of the former holders of the convertible preference shares terminated as of march 23, 2022.
share repurchase program - during october 2021, our board of directors approved a new program for the repurchase of up to $500 million of our issued and outstanding common shares. the program has no expiration date. under this program, 2,109,115 common shares were repurchased for $200 million during the year ended december 31, 2022. as of december 31, 2022, $300 million remains outstanding for repurchases under the program.
47
table of contents during the year ended december 31, 2021, bunge repurchased 1,298,384 common shares for $100 million, thereby completing a previous $500 million share repurchase program, established may 2015.
cash flows year ended december 31, us$ in millions                                                                                                                 2022   2021                                                 2020
cash used for operating activities                                                                                      $(5,549)                      $(2,894)                      $(3,536)
cash provided by investing activities                                                                                      6,499                         5,113                         1,813
cash (used for) provided by financing activities                                                                           (769)                       (1,632)                         1,763
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and cash held for sale                         66                          (63)                            19
net increase in cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and cash held for sale                                          $247                          $524                           $59
our cash flows from operations vary depending on, among other items, the market prices and timing of the purchase and sale of our inventories. generally, during periods when commodity prices are rising, our agribusiness operations require increased use of cash to support working capital to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to minimize price risk related to the purchase and sale of our inventories.
2022 compared to 2021
for the year ended december 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and cash held for sale increased $247 million, compared to an increase of $524 million for the year ended december 31, 2021.
operating: cash used for operating activities was $5,549 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $2,655 million compared to cash used for operating activities of $2,894 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase in cash used was primarily due to lower net income, increased cash required to fund working capital due to higher average commodity prices during the year ended december 31, 2022, and increased beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables driven by an increase in the size of the program in march 2022 as well as higher average commodity prices during the current year.
year ended december 31, us$ in millions                                                               2022                        2021
cash used for operating activities                                                        $(5,549)                          $(2,894)
net proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables                       6,824                             5,057
cash provided by operating activities, adjusted                                             $1,275                            $2,163
cash provided by operating activities, including net proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables was $1,275 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $2,163 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was driven by lower net income as well as a substantial increase in cash used to fund working capital as a result of higher commodity prices during the year ended december 31, 2022.
certain of our non-u.s. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with u.s. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with u.s. dollar-denominated assets. the functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. the financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into u.s. dollars. u.s. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. also, certain of our u.s. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the u.s. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. local currency loans in u.s. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the u.s. are remeasured into u.s. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. the resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange (losses) gains - net. for the year ended december 31, 2022 we recorded a foreign currency gain on net debt of $101 million versus a foreign currency loss on net debt for the year ended december 31, 2021 of $78 million, which were included as adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used for operating activities in the line item "foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. this adjustment is required as the gains and losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations.
table of contents investing: cash provided by investing activities was $6,499 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to $5,113 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, an increase of $1,386 million. the increase was primarily due to higher net proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, driven by higher commodity prices and increased program capacity, partially offset by increased capital expenditures and lower proceeds received on the sale of our mexican wheat milling business during the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to proceeds received from the sales of a portfolio of interior grain elevators located in the united states and our oils facilities in rotterdam and mexico during the year ended december 31, 2021.
financing: cash used for financing activities was $769 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $863 million, compared to cash used for financing activities of $1,632 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, for the year ended december 31, 2022, we made net cash repayments from short-term and long-term debt of $708 million, paid $349 million in dividend payments to common and preference shareholders, repurchased $200 million of common shares, and paid $102 million to acquire an additional 10% ownership interest from redeemable noncontrolling interest holders in our subsidiary, bunge loders croklaan group b.v. (see note 24- redeemable noncontrolling interest). these cash outflows were partially offset by $542 million in cash received from the sale of noncontrolling interests, including upon formation of the bunge chevron jv, as described in note 1- nature of business, basis of presentation and significant accounting policies, and $92 million in proceeds from the exercise of options for common shares. for the year ended december 31, 2021, we made net cash repayments from short-term and long-term debt of $1,097 million, paid $147 million to acquire the noncontrolling equity interest of our polish subsidiary, z.t. kruszwica s.a, paid $323 million in dividends to our common and preference shareholders, paid $76 million in dividends to noncontrolling interest shareholders, and repurchased $100 million of common shares, partially offset by $116 million in cash received from the exercise of options for common shares.
2021 compared to 2020
in 2021, our cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash increased by $524 million, compared to a decrease of $59 million in 2020.
operating: cash used for operating activities was $2,894 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, a decrease of $642 million compared to cash used for operating activities of $3,536 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease in cash used was primarily due to higher net income and lower cash required to fund working capital, partially offset by increased beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables driven by increased sales during the year ended december 31, 2021.
year ended december 31, us$ in millions                                                               2021                        2020
cash used for operating activities                                                        $(2,894)                       $(3,536)
net proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables                       5,057                       1,943
cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted                                  $2,163                       $(1,593)
cash provided by operating activities, including net proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables was $2,163 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to cash used for operating activities of $1,593 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the change was primarily due to higher net income, net of non-cash gains and losses, during the year ended december 31, 2021.
certain of our non-u.s. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with u.s. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with u.s. dollar-denominated assets. the functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. the financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into u.s. dollar. u.s. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. also, certain of our u.s. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the u.s. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. local currency loans in u.s. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the u.s. are remeasured into u.s. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. the resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains or losses. for the year ended december 31, 2021, we recorded a foreign currency loss on net debt of $78 million versus a foreign currency gain on net debt for the year ended december 31, 2020 of $206 million, which were included as adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by (used for) operating activities in the line item "foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. this adjustment is required as these losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations.
table of contents investing: cash provided by investing activities was $5,113 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $1,813 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $3,300 million. the increase was primarily due to higher net proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables as well as proceeds from the sales of our united states interior grain elevators and oils facilities in rotterdam and in mexico, partially offset by increased net payments for investments for the year ended december 31, 2021.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, net cash from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables was $5,057 million. we also generated proceeds from the divestiture of businesses and disposal of property, plant and equipment of $647 million driven by proceeds from the sales of our united states interior grain elevators and oils facilities in rotterdam and in mexico. in addition, we received proceeds from investments of $171 million, primarily promissory notes related to financial services investments, which were more than offset by payments of $308 million for such investments. we also made payments for capital expenditures of $399 million related to capital projects at various facilities. for the year ended december 31, 2020, cash from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables was $1,943 million. we also generated proceeds from the divestiture of businesses and disposal of property, plant and equipment of $194 million driven by proceeds from sales of our brazilian margarine and mayonnaise business and a u.s. rice mill. in addition, we received proceeds from investments of $305 million, primarily from promissory notes related to financial services investments, which were more than offset by payments of $337 million for such investments. we also made payments for capital expenditures of $365 million related to capital projects at various facilities.
financing: cash used for financing activities was $1,632 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, an increase of $3,395 million, compared to cash provided by financing activities of $1,763 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, we made net cash repayments from short-term and long-term debt of $1,097 million, paid $147 million to acquire the noncontrolling equity interest of our polish subsidiary, z.t. kruszwica s.a., paid dividends of $323 million to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares, paid $76 million in dividends to noncontrolling interest shareholders of certain of our non-wholly owned subsidiaries, primarily loders, and repurchased $100 million of common shares. for the year ended december 31, 2020, net cash proceeds of short-term and long-term debt were $2,202 million, primarily used to fund seasonal working capital requirements, mostly comprising rmi. we also paid dividends of $316 million to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares and repurchased $100 million of common shares.
capital expenditures our cash payments made for capital expenditures were $555 million, $399 million, and $365 million for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. we intend to make capital expenditures in the range of $800 million to $1 billion in 2023. our priorities for 2023 are to maintain the cash generating capacity of our assets through non-discretionary projects, such as maintenance, safety and compliance, as well as discretionary investments in growth and productivity projects, focusing on our strategy to strengthen our oilseeds platform, increase participation in biofuels and plant-based proteins, and grow our value-added oils business. these discretionary and non-discretionary capital investments will also help us achieve certain of our environmental and sustainability related objectives. we intend to fund these capital expenditures primarily with cash flows from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees we have issued or were party to the following guarantees at december 31, 2022:
(us$ in millions)                                   maximum potential future payments unconsolidated affiliates guarantee (1)                  $107
residual value guarantee (2)                              337
other guarantees                                            9
total                                                    $453
(1)we have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions related to debt of certain of our unconsolidated affiliates. the terms of the guarantees are equal to the terms of the related financings, which have maturity dates through 2034. there are no recourse provisions or collateral that would enable us to recover any amounts paid under these guarantees. in addition, certain of our subsidiaries have guaranteed the obligations of certain of their unconsolidated affiliates and in connection therewith have secured their guarantee obligations through a pledge to the financial table of contents institutions of certain of their unconsolidated affiliates' shares plus loans receivable from the unconsolidated affiliates in the event that the guaranteed obligations are enforced.
on november 21, 2022, one of our unconsolidated affiliates refinanced its third-party debt structure resulting in a significant reduction in our guarantee and potential liabilities to certain financial institutions from $181 million prior to the refinance to $46 million as of december 31, 2022.
based on the amounts drawn under guaranteed debt facilities of unconsolidated affiliates at december 31, 2022, our potential liability was $94 million, and less than $1 million of obligations related to these guarantees have been recorded within other non-current liabilities.
(2)we have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions that are party to certain operating lease arrangements for railcars barges, and buildings. these guarantees provide for a minimum residual value to be received by the lessor at conclusion of the lease term. these leases expire at various dates from 2024 through 2029. at december 31, 2022, no obligation has been recorded related to these guarantees. any obligation recorded would be recognized in current operating lease obligations or non-current operating lease obligations (see note 28- leases, to our consolidated financial statements).
we have provided a guaranty to the director of the illinois department of agriculture as trustee for bunge north america, inc. ("bna"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, which guarantees all amounts due and owing by bna, to grain producers and/or depositors in the state of illinois who have delivered commodities to bna's illinois facilities.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations and their expected maturities at december 31, 2022, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in the future periods indicated.
payments due by period
(us$ in millions)                                       total            2023       2024 - 2025       2026 - 2027        2028 and thereafter short-term debt                                      $546            $546              $-                $-                      $-
long-term debt(1)                                   4,466             859           1,009             1,320                   1,278
variable interest rate obligations                     95              21              33                29                      12
interest obligations on fixed rate debt               486             102             165               123                      96
non-cancelable lease obligations(2)                 1,077             457             380               155                      85
capital commitments                                    95              95               -                 -                       -
freight supply agreements(3)                          284             284               -                 -                       -
inventory purchase commitments                        387             374              13                 -                       -
power supply purchase commitments                      99              30              29                23                      17
other commitments and obligations(4)                  183             151              25                 6                       1
total contractual cash obligations(5)              $7,718          $2,919          $1,654            $1,656                  $1,489
(1)includes components of long-term debt attributable to unamortized premiums of $20 million and excludes components of long-term debt attributable to fair value hedge accounting of $341 million.
(2)represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases with initial terms of one year or more. minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease income receipts of $101 million due in future periods under non-cancelable subleases.
(3)represents purchase commitments for time on ocean freight vessels and railroad freight lines for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. the ocean freight service agreements are short term contracts with a duration of less than a year. ocean freight service agreements with terms in excess of one year are included in non-cancelable lease obligations. the railroad freight service agreements require a minimum monthly payment regardless of the actual level of freight services used. the costs of our freight supply agreements are typically passed through to our customers as a component of the prices we charge for our products. however, changes in the market value of such freight services compared to the rates at which we have contracted them may affect margins on the sales of agricultural commodities.
(4)represents other purchase commitments and obligations, such as take-or-pay contracts, throughput contracts, and debt commitment fees.
(5)does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. as of december 31, 2022, bunge had uncertain income tax liabilities of $59 million, including interest and penalties. at this time, we are table of contents unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with these tax liabilities; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table. see note 15- income taxes to our consolidated financial statements.
employee benefit plans we expect to contribute $13 million to our defined benefit pension plans and $4 million to our postretirement benefit plans in 2023.
critical accounting policies and estimates our accounting policies are more fully described in note 1- nature of business, basis of presentation and significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k. as disclosed in note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. we believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.
foreign currency transactions and translation of foreign currency financial statements our reporting currency is the u.s. dollar. the functional currency of the majority of our foreign subsidiaries is their local currency. the determination of functional currency may require significant judgment to identify the currency of the primary economic environment in which a subsidiary operates. this may include an evaluation of a number of economic factors including, cash flow, sales price, sales market, expense, and financing indicators, as well, as the extent of the subsidiary's intra-entity transactions. however, in accordance with u.s. gaap, if a foreign entity's economy is determined to be highly inflationary, then such foreign entity's financial statements are remeasured as if the functional currency were the reporting currency.
monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. the resulting exchange gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange (losses) gains - net unless the remeasurement gain or loss relates to an intercompany transaction that is of a long-term investment nature and for which settlement is neither planned nor anticipated in the foreseeable future, in which case the remeasurement gain or loss is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in our consolidated balance sheets.
at period-end, amounts included in the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in equity are translated using average exchange rates during each period. assets and liabilities are translated at period-end exchange rates and resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss.
inventories and commodity derivatives our rmi, forward rmi purchase and sale contracts, and exchange-traded futures and options are primarily valued at fair value. rmi are freely-traded, have quoted market prices, may be sold without significant additional processing and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs (see note 6- inventories to our consolidated financial statements for rmi balances as of december 31, 2022). we estimate the fair values of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories based on commodity futures exchange quotations, broker or dealer quotations, or market transactions in either listed or over-the-counter ("otc") markets with appropriate adjustments for differences in local markets where our inventories are located. certain inventories may utilize significant unobservable data related to local market adjustments to determine fair value. the significant unobservable inputs for rmi and physically-settled forward purchase and sale contracts relate to certain management estimates regarding transportation costs and other local market or location-related adjustments, primarily freight-related adjustments in the interior of brazil and the lack of market corroborated information in canada. in both situations, we use proprietary information such as purchase and sale contracts and contracted prices to value freight, premiums, and discounts in our contracts. counterparty credit and performance risk on forward commodity purchase and sale contracts is included in the determination of fair value. from time to time, we have experienced instances of counterparty non-performance as a result of significant declines in counterparty profitability under these contracts due to movements in commodity prices between the time the contracts were executed and the contractual forward delivery period. however, based on historical experience with our suppliers and customers, our own credit risk, and knowledge of current market conditions, we do not view non-performance risk to be a significant input to fair value for the majority of our forward commodity purchase and sale contracts.
table of contents changes in the fair values of these inventories and contracts are recognized in our consolidated statements of income as a component of cost of goods sold. if we used different methods or factors to estimate fair values, amounts reported as inventories and unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts in the consolidated balance sheets and cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of income, respectively, could differ. additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods as inventories, unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts, and cost of goods sold could differ. see note 16- fair value measurements to our consolidated financial statements for further details of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories carried at fair value.
derivatives - designated hedging activities we manage currency risk on certain forecasted purchases, sales and selling, general and administrative expenses with currency forwards designated as cash flow hedges. assuming normal market conditions, the change in the market value of such derivative instruments has historically been, and is expected to continue to be, highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of the hedged item. gains and losses arising from open and closed hedging transactions are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of applicable income taxes, and recognized as a component of earnings in the statement of consolidated income in the same caption as the hedged items when the hedged item is recognized in earnings. if it is determined that the derivative hedging instruments are no longer effective at offsetting changes in the price of the hedged item, then the changes in the market value of the derivative instrument would be recorded immediately in the consolidated statements of income in the same caption as the hedged items. see note 17- derivative instruments and hedging activities to our consolidated financial statements for further details and impacts of cash flow hedges on the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill when we acquire a business, the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, based on estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. determining fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including market participants, projected growth rates, the amounts and timing of future cash flows, the discount rates applied to the cash flows, and the determination of useful life of an asset.
our goodwill balance is not amortized to expense. instead, it is tested for impairment at least annually. we generally perform our annual impairment analysis during the fourth quarter. if events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment analyses, we perform an impairment analysis at that date. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant asset. in testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, we: (1) determine our reporting units; (2) allocate goodwill to our various reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (3) determine the carrying value, or book value, of our reporting units; (4) estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model and/or using market multiples; (5) compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value; and (6) if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we recognize an impairment charge for such amount, but not exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis, including the identification of our reporting units, identification and allocation of the assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units, and determination of fair value. in estimating the fair value of a reporting unit for the purposes of our annual or periodic impairment analysis, we make estimates and significant judgments about the future cash flows of that reporting unit aligned with management's strategic business plans. changes in judgment related to these assumptions and estimates could result in goodwill impairment charges. we believe the assumptions and estimates used are appropriate based on the information currently available to management. estimates based on market earnings multiples of peer companies identified for the reporting unit may also be used, where available. critical estimates in the determination of fair value under the income approach include, but are not limited to, assumptions about variables such as commodity prices, crop throughput and production volumes, profitability, future capital expenditures and discount rates, all of which are subject to a high degree of judgment.
during the fourth quarters of 2022, we performed our annual impairment assessment and determined the estimated fair values of each of our goodwill reporting units exceeded each of their carrying values by a significant amount. see note 9- goodwill, to our consolidated financial statements.
table of contents property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life on a straight line basis. when facts and circumstances indicate the carrying values of these assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to the undiscounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets from their use and ultimate disposal. if the carrying value of our assets is not recoverable, we recognize an impairment loss in the amount that carrying value exceeds fair value. impairment is recognized as a charge against results of operations. our judgments related to the expected useful lives of these assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amount of such assets are affected by factors such as the ongoing maintenance of the assets, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. as we assess the ongoing expected cash flows and carrying amounts of these assets, changes in these factors could cause us to realize material impairment charges. please refer to note 11- impairments to our consolidated financial statements for details of property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible asset impairment charges recorded in the year ended december 31, 2022.
investments in affiliates we have investments in various unconsolidated joint ventures accounted for using the equity method, minus impairment. we review our investments annually or when an event or circumstances indicate that a potential decline in value may be other than temporary. we consider various factors in determining whether to recognize an impairment charge, including the length of time the fair value of the investment is expected to be below its carrying value, the financial condition, operating performance and near-term prospects of the affiliate, and our intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery of the fair value. during the fourth quarter of 2022, certain of the above factors indicated an other than temporary decline in value of our investments in two start-up manufacturers of novel protein ingredients, merit functional foods and australian plant proteins. we recognized an impairment to the extent the carrying value of each investment exceeded its fair value. critical estimates in the determination of the fair value include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows, revenue growth, and discount rates. if we used different methods or factors to estimate fair value, the amount of recorded impairment and the carrying value of our investments could differ. please refer to note 11- impairments and note 12- investments in affiliates and variable interest entities to our consolidated financial statements for further details.
contingencies we are a party to a large number of claims and lawsuits, primarily non-income tax and labor claims in brazil and non-income tax claims in argentina, and we make provisions for potential liabilities arising from such claims when we deem them probable and reasonably estimable. these estimates of probable loss have been developed in consultation with in-house and outside counsel and are based on an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies relating to these proceedings. for more information on tax and labor claims in brazil, see "item 3. legal proceedings" and note 22- commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements.
income taxes we record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that we are likely to realize. we apply a "more likely than not" threshold to the recognition and de-recognition of tax benefits. accordingly, we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. we consider projections of future taxable income and prudent tax planning strategies to assess the need for and the amount of the valuation allowances. if we determine that we can realize a deferred tax asset in excess of our net recorded amount, we decrease the valuation allowance, thereby decreasing income tax expense. conversely, if we determine that we are unable to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset, we increase the valuation allowance, thereby increasing income tax expense. during 2022, we decreased valuation allowances by $28 million primarily related to releases in jurisdictions where we believe realization of deferred tax assets is now more likely than not.
the calculation of our uncertain tax positions involves complexities in the application of intricate tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. future changes in judgment related to the ultimate resolution of unrecognized tax benefits will affect the earnings in the quarter of such change. at december 31, 2022, we had recorded uncertain tax positions of $59 million in our consolidated balance sheet. for additional information on income taxes, please refer to note 15- income taxes to our consolidated financial statements.
recoverable taxes we evaluate the collectability of our recoverable taxes and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. recoverable taxes include value-added taxes paid upon the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, raw materials and taxable services, as well as other transactional taxes, which can be recovered in cash or as compensation against income taxes, or other taxes we may owe, primarily in brazil and europe. management's assumption about the collectability of recoverable table of contents taxes requires significant judgment because it involves an assessment of the ability and willingness of the applicable federal or local government to refund the taxes. the balance of these allowances fluctuates depending on the sales activity of existing inventories, purchases of new inventories, percentages of export sales, seasonality, changes in applicable tax rates, cash payments by the applicable government agencies and the offset of outstanding balances against income or certain other taxes owed to the applicable governments, where permissible. at december 31, 2022, the allowance for recoverable taxes was $36 million. we continue to monitor the economic environment and events taking place in the applicable countries and in cases where we determine that recovery is doubtful, recoverable taxes are reduced by allowances for the estimated unrecoverable amounts.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1- nature of business, basis of presentation and significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k.
