item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k or incorporated by reference herein. based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the following information identifies the most significant factors affecting our company. however, additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.
if any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
our clients are subject to complex laws and regulations, and new laws or regulations and/or changes to existing laws or regulations could impact our clients and, in turn, adversely impact our business or may reduce our profitability.
we provide technology solutions to financial services firms that are generally subject to extensive regulation in the u.s. and in other jurisdictions. as a provider of products and services to financial institutions and issuers of securities, our products and services are provided in a manner designed to assist our clients in complying with the laws and regulations to which they are subject. therefore, our services, such as our proxy, shareholder report distribution, and customer communications services, are particularly sensitive to changes in laws and regulations, including those governing the financial services industry and the securities markets. changes in laws and regulations could require changes in the services we provide or the manner in which we provide our services, or they could result in a reduction or elimination of the demand for our services.
our investor communications services and the fees we charge our clients for certain services are subject to change if applicable sec or stock exchange rules or regulations are amended, or new laws or regulations are adopted, which could result in a material negative impact on our business and financial results. for example, the sec's recently proposed modifications to the mutual fund and exchange-traded fund disclosure framework could have an impact on our services, business and financial results if adopted and implemented as proposed.
in addition, new regulations governing our clients could result in significant expenditures that could cause them to reduce their use of our services, seek to renegotiate existing agreements, or cease or curtail their operations, all of which could adversely impact our business. further, an adverse regulatory action that changes a client's business or adversely affects its financial condition, could decrease their ability to purchase, or their demand for, our products and services. the loss of business from any of our larger clients could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.
consolidation in the financial services industry could adversely affect our revenues by eliminating some of our existing and potential clients and could make us increasingly dependent on a more limited number of clients.
mergers or consolidations of financial institutions could reduce the number of our clients and potential clients. if our clients merge with or are acquired by other firms that are not our clients, or firms that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce the use of our services. in addition, it is possible that the larger financial institutions resulting from mergers or consolidations could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services that we currently provide or could provide. any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
a large percentage of our revenues are derived from a small number of clients in the financial services industry and the loss of any of such clients could have a material impact on our revenues and also result in an asset write-down of our client onboarding costs.
in fiscal year 2022, we derived approximately 46% of the revenues of our global technology and operations segment from the 15 largest clients in that segment. our largest single client accounted for approximately 7% of our consolidated revenues in fiscal year 2022. while these clients generally work with multiple business segments, the loss of business from any of these clients due to merger or consolidation, financial difficulties or bankruptcy, or the termination or non-renewal of contracts could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. also, a delay in onboarding a client onto our technology would result in a delay in our recognition of revenue from that client. further, in the event of a reduction of a client's demand for our services or the loss of a client's business, in addition to losing the revenue from that client, we could be required to write-off any client investments that are not offset by any contract termination fees, including costs incurred to onboard a client or convert a client's systems to function with our technology. such costs for all clients represented approximately 15% of our total assets as of june 30, 2022, with one client representing a large portion of such amount.
security breaches or cybersecurity attacks could adversely affect our ability to operate, could result in personal, confidential or proprietary information being misappropriated, and may cause us to be held liable or suffer harm to our reputation.
we process and transfer sensitive data, including personal information, valuable intellectual property and other proprietary or confidential data provided to us by our clients, which include financial institutions, public companies, mutual funds, and healthcare companies. we also handle personal information of our employees in connection with their employment. we maintain systems and procedures including encryption, authentication technology, data loss prevention technology, entitlement management, access control and anti-malware software, and transmission of data over private networks to protect against unauthorized access to physical and electronic information, including by cybersecurity attacks. however, information security threats continue to evolve resulting in increased risk and exposure and increased costs to protect against the threat of information security breaches or to respond to or alleviate problems caused by such breaches.
in certain circumstances, our third-party vendors may have access to sensitive data including personal information. it is also possible that a third-party vendor could intentionally or inadvertently disclose sensitive data, including personal information. we require our third-party vendors to have appropriate security controls if they have access to the personal information of our clients' customers or our employees. however, despite those safeguards, it is possible that unauthorized individuals could improperly access our systems or those of our vendors, or improperly obtain or disclose the sensitive data including personal information that we or our vendors process or handle.
many of our services are provided through the internet, which increases our exposure to potential cybersecurity attacks. we have experienced cybersecurity threats to our information technology infrastructure and have experienced non-material cybersecurity attacks, attempts to breach our systems and other similar incidents. future threats could cause harm to our business and our reputation and challenge our ability to provide reliable service, as well as negatively impact our results of operations materially. our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to cybersecurity attacks or disruptions resulting from such events.
any security breach resulting in the unauthorized use or disclosure of certain personal information could put individuals at risk of identity theft and financial or other harm and result in costs to us in investigation, remediation, legal defense and in liability to parties who are financially harmed. we may incur significant costs to protect against the threat of information security breaches or to respond to or alleviate problems caused by such breaches. for example, laws may require notification to regulators, clients or employees and enlisting credit monitoring or identity theft protection in the event of a privacy breach. a cybersecurity attack could also be directed at our systems and result in interruptions in our operations or delivery of services to our clients and their customers. furthermore, a material security breach could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or cause damage to our reputation.
the covid-19 pandemic may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial performance.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to persist throughout the world, including the u.s., india, canada, europe and other locations where we operate. to date, the covid-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, created significant financial market volatility, disrupted global supply chains, and resulted in a significant number of infections and deaths worldwide.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we have taken, and expect to continue to take, measures designed to protect the health of our employees and to minimize our operational disruption and resulting provision of services to our clients. these measures have increased our expenses and we may continue to incur such expenses.
in addition, the covid-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainties. these uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the adverse effects of the pandemic on the economy, our employees, our clients and our third-party service providers. we continue to work with our stakeholders to responsibly address the effects of this global pandemic and take appropriate actions in an effort to mitigate any adverse consequences. however, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in any such mitigation efforts. the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic may impact our operations will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the pandemic, the emergence of new virus variants, outbreaks occurring at any of our facilities and changes in worldwide and u.s. economic conditions.
our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we do not comply with legal and regulatory requirements that apply to our services or businesses, and new laws or regulations and/or changes to existing laws or regulations to which we are subject may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business or may reduce our profitability.
the legislative and regulatory environment of the financial services industry is continuously changing. the sec, finra, dol, various stock exchanges and other u.s. and foreign governmental or regulatory authorities continuously review legislative and regulatory initiatives and may adopt new or revised laws and regulations or provide revised interpretations or they may change the enforcement priorities with respect to existing laws and regulations. these legislative and regulatory initiatives impact the way in which we conduct our business, requiring changes to the way we provide our services or additional investment which may make our business more or less profitable. further, as a provider of technology services to financial institutions, certain aspects of our u.s. operations are subject to regulatory oversight and examination by the ffiec. a sufficiently unfavorable review from the ffiec could have a material adverse effect on our business. with an increased focus on cybersecurity and vendor risk management, the ffiec and other regulatory agencies provide guidelines for overseeing technology service providers, increasing the contractual requirements with our clients and the cost of providing our services.
our business process outsourcing, mutual fund processing and transfer agency solutions as well as the entities providing those services are subject to regulatory oversight. our provision of these services must comply with applicable rules and regulations of the sec, finra, dol, various stock exchanges and other regulatory bodies charged with safeguarding the integrity of the securities markets and other financial markets and protecting the interests of investors participating in these markets. if we fail to comply with any applicable regulations in performing these services, we could be subject to suits for breach of contract or to governmental proceedings, censures and fines. in addition, we could lose clients and our reputation could be harmed, negatively impacting our ability to attract new clients.
as a provider of data and business processing solutions, our systems contain a significant amount of sensitive data, including personal information, related to our clients, customers of our clients, and our employees. we are, therefore, subject to compliance obligations under federal, state and foreign privacy and information security laws, including in the u.s., the glba, hipaa, the ccpa, and the gdpr in the european union, and we are subject to compliance with various client industry standards such as pci dss as well as medicare and medicaid programs related to our clients. we are subject to penalties for failure to comply with such regulations and requirements, and such penalties could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. there has been increased public attention regarding the use of personal information, accompanied by legislation and regulations intended to strengthen data protection, information security and consumer and personal privacy. the law in these areas continues to develop, the number of jurisdictions adopting such laws continues to increase and these laws may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. furthermore, the changing nature of privacy laws in the u.s., the european union and elsewhere could impact our processing of personal information of our employees and on behalf of our clients.
our ability to comply with regulations depends largely upon the maintenance of an effective compliance system which can be time consuming and costly, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance personnel.
our revenues may decrease due to declines in the levels of participation and activity in the securities markets.
we generate significant revenues from the transaction processing fees we earn from our services. these revenue sources are substantially dependent on the levels of participation and activity in the securities markets. the number of unique securities positions held by investors through our clients and our clients' customer trading volumes reflect the levels of participation and activity in the markets, which are impacted by market prices, and the liquidity of the securities markets, among other factors. volatility in the securities markets and sudden sharp or gradual but sustained declines in market participation and activity can result in reduced investor communications activity, including reduced proxy and event-driven communications processing such as mutual fund proxy, mergers and acquisitions and other special corporate event communications processing, and reduced trading volumes. in addition, our event-driven fee revenues are based on the number of special corporate events and transactions we process. event-driven activity is impacted by financial market conditions and changes in regulatory compliance requirements, resulting in fluctuations in the timing and levels of event-driven fee revenues. as such, the timing and level of event-driven activity and its potential impact on our revenues and earnings are difficult to forecast. the occurrence of any of these events would likely result in reduced revenues and decreased profitability from our business operations.
we may be adversely impacted by a failure of third-party service providers to perform their functions.
we rely on relationships with third parties, including our service providers and other vendors for certain functions. if we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships and the agreements under which our third-party vendors operate, our financial results or reputation could suffer. we rely on these third parties, including our data center and cloud services providers, to provide services in a timely and accurate manner and to adequately address their own cybersecurity risks. failure by these third parties to adequately perform their services as expected could result in material interruptions in our operations, and negatively impact our services resulting in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
certain of our businesses rely on a single or a limited number of service providers or vendors. changes in the business condition (financial or otherwise) of these service providers or vendors could impact their provision of services to us or they may no longer be able to provide services to us at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. in such circumstances, we cannot be certain that we will be able to replace our key third-party vendors in a timely manner or on terms commercially reasonable to us given, among other reasons, the scope of responsibilities undertaken by some of our service providers, the depth of their experience and their familiarity with our operations generally.
if we change a significant vendor, an existing service provider makes significant changes to the way it conducts its operations, or is acquired, or we seek to bring in-house certain services performed today by third parties, we may experience unexpected disruptions in the provision of our solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
furthermore, certain third-party service providers or vendors may have access to sensitive data including personal information, valuable intellectual property and other proprietary or confidential data, including that provided to us by our clients. it is possible that a third-party vendor could intentionally or inadvertently disclose sensitive data including personal information, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results and damage our reputation.
we rely on the united states postal service ("usps") and other third-party carriers to deliver communications and changes in our relationships with these carriers or an increase in postal rates or shipping costs may adversely impact demand for our products and services and could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
we rely upon the usps and third-party carriers, including the united parcel service, for timely delivery of communications on behalf of our clients. as a result, we are subject to carrier disruptions due to factors that are beyond our control, including employee strikes, inclement weather, increased fuel costs. any failure to deliver communications to or on behalf of our clients in a timely and accurate manner may damage our reputation and brand and could cause us to lose clients. in addition, the usps has incurred significant financial losses in recent years and may, as a result, implement significant changes to the breadth or frequency of its mail delivery causing disruptions in the service. if our relationship with any of these third-party carriers is terminated or impaired, or if any of these third parties are unable to distribute communications, we would be required to use alternative, and possibly more expensive, carriers to complete our distributions on behalf of our clients. we may be unable to engage alternative carriers on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, if at all, which could have an adverse effect on our business. in addition, future increases in postal rates or shipping costs, as well as changes in customer preferences, may result in decreased demand for our traditional printed and mailed communications resulting in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in the event of a disaster, our disaster recovery and business continuity plans may fail, which could result in the loss of client data and adversely interrupt operations.
our operations are dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure against damage from catastrophe, natural disaster, or severe weather, as well as events resulting from unauthorized security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attack, pandemic, or other events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. we have disaster recovery and business continuity plans in place in the event of system failure due to any of these events and we test our plans regularly. in addition, our data center services provider also has disaster recovery plans and procedures in place. however, we cannot be certain that our plans, or those of our data center services provider, will be successful in the event of a disaster. if our disaster recovery or business continuity plans are unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could potentially lose client data or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those failures. in addition, such failures could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or damage our reputation.
any slowdown or failure of our computer or communications systems could impact our ability to provide services to our clients and support our internal operations and could subject us to liability for losses suffered by our clients or their customers.
our services depend on our ability to store, retrieve, process, and manage significant databases, and to receive and process transactions and investor communications through a variety of electronic systems. our systems, those of our data center and cloud services providers, or any other systems with which our systems interact could slow down significantly or fail for a variety of reasons, including:
•computer viruses or undetected errors in internal software programs or computer systems;
•direct or indirect hacking or denial of service cybersecurity attacks;
•inability to rapidly monitor all system activity;
•inability to effectively resolve any errors in internal software programs or computer systems once they are detected;
•heavy stress placed on systems during peak times or due to high volumes or volatility; or
•power or telecommunications failure, fire, flood, pandemic or any other disaster.
while we monitor system loads and performance and implement system upgrades to handle predicted increases in trading volume and volatility, we may not be able to predict future volume increases or volatility accurately or that our systems and those of our data center services and cloud services providers will be able to accommodate these volume increases or volatility without failure or degradation. in addition, we may not be able to prevent cybersecurity attacks on our systems. moreover, because we have outsourced our data center operations and use third-party cloud services providers for storage of certain data, the operation, performance and security functions of the data center and the cloud system involve factors beyond our control. any significant degradation or failure of our computer systems, communications systems or any other systems in the performance of our services could cause our clients or their customers to suffer delays in their receipt of our services. these delays could cause substantial losses for our clients or their customers, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those failures. in addition, such failures could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or damage our reputation.
the inability to properly perform our services or operational errors in the performance of our services could lead to liability for claims, client loss and result in reputational damage.
the inability or the failure to properly perform our services could result in our clients and/or certain of our subsidiaries that operate regulated businesses being subjected to losses including censures, fines, or other sanctions by applicable regulatory authorities, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those errors. in addition, the inability to properly perform our services or errors in the performance of our services could cause us to incur expenses including service penalties, lose revenues, lose clients or damage our reputation.
general economic and political conditions and broad trends in business and finance that are beyond our control may contribute to reduced levels of activity in the securities markets, which could result in lower revenues from our business operations.
our services are impacted by the number of unique securities positions held by investors through our clients, the level of investor communications activity we process on behalf of our clients, trading volumes, market prices, and liquidity of the securities markets. these factors are in turn affected by general national and international economic and political conditions, and broad trends in business and finance that result in changes in participation and activity in the securities markets. for example, the covid-19 pandemic and russia's invasion of ukraine have adversely impacted global commercial activity and have had a negative impact on the global economy, adversely impacting our clients. these factors include:
•economic, political and market conditions;
•legislative and regulatory changes;
•the availability of short-term and long-term funding and capital;
•the level and volatility of interest rates;
•currency values and inflation;
•financial well-being of our clients; and
•national, state, and local taxation levels affecting securities transactions.
these factors are beyond our control and may contribute to reduced levels of participation and activity in the securities markets. our revenues have historically been largely driven by transaction processing based on levels of participation and activity in the securities markets. accordingly, any significant reduction in participation and activity in the securities markets would likely result in lower revenues from our business operations.
if the operational systems and infrastructure that we depend on fail to keep pace with our growth, we may experience operating inefficiencies, client dissatisfaction and lost revenue opportunities.
the growth of our business and expansion of our client base may place a strain on our management and operations. we believe that our current and anticipated future growth will require the implementation of new and enhanced communications and information systems, the training of personnel to operate these systems, and the expansion and upgrade of core technologies. while many of our systems are designed to accommodate additional growth without redesign or replacement, we may nevertheless need to make significant investments in additional hardware and software to accommodate growth. in addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to predict the timing or rate of this growth accurately or expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure on a timely basis.
our growth has required and will continue to require increased investments in management personnel and systems, financial systems and controls, and office facilities. we cannot assure you that we will be able to manage or continue to manage our future growth successfully. if we fail to manage our growth, we may experience operating inefficiencies, dissatisfaction among our client base, and lost revenue opportunities.
if we are unable to respond to the demands of our existing and new clients, or adapt to technological changes or advances, our business and future growth could be impacted.
the global financial services industry is characterized by increasingly complex and integrated infrastructures and products, new and changing business models and rapid technological and regulatory changes. our clients' needs and demands for our products and services evolve with these changes. our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to our clients' demands for new services, capabilities and technologies on a timely and cost-effective basis. we also need to adapt to technological advancements such as digital and distributed ledger or blockchain technologies and cloud computing and keep pace with changing regulatory standards to address our clients' increasingly sophisticated requirements. transitioning to these new technologies may be disruptive to our resources and the services we provide and may increase our reliance on third-party service providers such as our cloud services provider.
in addition, we run the risk of disintermediation due to emerging technologies, including distributed ledger or blockchain technologies. if we fail to adapt or keep pace with new technologies in a timely manner, it could harm our ability to compete, decrease the value of our products and services to our clients, and harm our business and impact our future growth.
intense competition could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the markets for our products and services continue to evolve and are highly competitive. we compete with a number of firms that provide similar products and services. in addition, our securities processing solutions compete with our clients' in-house capabilities to perform comparable functions. our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities, technologies, and client requirements and may be able to undertake more extensive promotional activities, offer more attractive terms to clients and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we will be able to offer or adopt. in addition, we expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new competitors and new technologies. there can be no assurances that we will be able to compete effectively with current or future competitors. if we fail to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially harmed.
we may be unable to attract and retain key personnel.
our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel such as our senior management and other qualified personnel including highly skilled technical employees to conduct our business. skilled and experienced personnel in the areas where we compete are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to recruit and retain the required key personnel. if we are unable to attract and retain qualified individuals or our recruiting and retention costs increase significantly, our operations and financial results could be materially adversely affected.
the inability to identify, obtain, retain, enforce and protect important intellectual property rights to technology could harm our business.
our success depends in part upon a combination of patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, domain names and trade secrets to protect our intellectual property and marks. we also enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties, and control access to our services, software and proprietary information. moreover, we license or acquire technology that we incorporate into our services and products.
despite our efforts to identify, obtain, retain, enforce and protect our intellectual property rights and proprietary information, we cannot be certain that they will be effective or sufficient to prevent the unauthorized access, use, copying, theft or the reverse engineering of our intellectual property and proprietary information for a variety of reasons, including: (a) our inability to detect misappropriation by third parties of our intellectual property; (b) disparate legal protections for intellectual property across different countries; (c) constantly evolving intellectual property legal standards as to the scope of protection, validity, non-infringement, enforceability and infringement defenses; (d) failure to maintain appropriate contractual restrictions and other measures to protect our know-how and trade secrets, or contract breaches by others; (e) failure to identify and obtain patents on patentable innovations; (f) potential invalidation, unenforceability, scope narrowing, dilution and opposition, through litigation and administrative processes both in the u.s. and abroad, of our intellectual property rights; and (g) other business or resource limitations on intellectual property enforcement against third parties.
our products and services, and the products and services provided to us by third parties, may infringe upon intellectual property rights of third parties, and any infringement claims, whether initiated by or against us, could require us to incur substantial costs, distract our management, or prevent us from conducting our business.
costly, complex, time-consuming and unpredictable litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, or challenge the purported validity or scope of third-party intellectual property. further, although we attempt to avoid infringing upon known proprietary rights of third parties, we are subject to the risk of claims alleging infringement of third-party proprietary rights. all intellectual property litigations, even baseless claims, result in significant expense and diversion of resources, our management and time. any adverse outcome in an intellectual property litigation may materially and adversely affect our brand, business, operations and financial condition, and require us to license the technology of others on unfavorable terms. additionally, third parties that provide us with products or services that are integral to the conduct of our business may also be subject to similar infringement allegations from others, which could prevent such third parties from continuing to provide these products or services to us. as a result, we may need to undertake work-arounds or substantial reengineering of our products or services in order to continue offering them, and we may not succeed in doing so. furthermore, a party asserting such an infringement claim could secure a judgment against us that requires us to pay substantial damages, grants such party injunctive relief, or grants other court ordered remedies that could prevent us from conducting our business.
we use third-party open source software in our products and services. though we have a policy, review board, and review process in place governing the use of open source software, there is a risk that we incorporate into our products and services open source software with onerous licensing terms that purportedly require us to make the source code of our proprietary code, combined with such open source software, available under such license. furthermore, u.s. courts have not interpreted the terms of various open source licenses, but could interpret them in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our products and services. usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, given that licensors generally disclaim all warranties on their open source software, and hackers frequently exploit vulnerabilities in open source software. any use of open source software inconsistent with its license or our policy could harm our business, operations and financial position.
acquisitions and integrating such acquisitions create certain risks and may affect operating results.
as part of our overall business strategy, we may make acquisitions and strategic investments in companies, technologies or products, or enter joint ventures. in fact, over the last three fiscal years we have completed 10 acquisitions and made strategic investments in seven firms. these transactions and the integration of acquisitions involve a number of risks. the core risks are in the areas of:
•valuation: finding suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms; competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirors, and negotiating a fair price for the business based on inherently limited due diligence reviews;
•integration: managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company's people, products, technology, and other assets, and converting their financial, information security, privacy and other systems and controls to meet our standards, so as to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the synergies projected to be realized in connection with the acquisition; and
•legacy issues: protecting against actions, claims, regulatory investigations, losses, and other liabilities related to the predecessor business.
also, the process of integrating these businesses may disrupt our business and divert our resources. these risks may arise for a number of reasons including, for example:
•incurring unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with such acquisitions;
•devoting unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business;
•borrowing money from lenders or selling equity or debt securities to the public to finance future acquisitions on terms that may be adverse to us;
•additional debt incurred to finance an acquisition could impact our liquidity and may cause a credit downgrade;
•loss of clients of the acquired business;
•entering markets where we have minimal prior experience; and
•experiencing decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges.
in addition, international acquisitions, such as our 2021 acquisition of itiviti, often involve additional or increased risks including, for example:
•geographically separated organizations, systems, and facilities;
•integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures;
•complying with non-u.s. regulatory requirements;
•enforcing intellectual property rights in some non-u.s. countries; and
•general economic and political conditions.
we have incurred additional debt in connection with the itiviti acquisition, which could have a negative impact on our financing options and liquidity position, which could in turn adversely affect our business.
as of june 30, 2022, we had $3,793.0 million in aggregate principal amount of total debt. additionally, our revolving credit facility has a remaining borrowing capacity of $1,475.0 million as of june 30, 2022. our overall leverage and the terms of our financing arrangements could:
•limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures or acquisitions, to fund growth or for general corporate purposes, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity;
•make it more difficult for us to satisfy the terms of our debt obligations;
•limit our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us, or at all;
•limit our flexibility to plan for and to adjust to changing business and market conditions;
•require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt, thereby limiting the availability of our cash flow to fund future investments, capital expenditures, working capital, business activities and other general corporate requirements; and
•increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions.
our ability to meet expenses and debt service obligations will depend on our future performance, which could be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors. if we are not able to pay our debt service obligations, we may be required to refinance all or part of our debt, sell assets, borrow more money or raise additional equity capital. in addition, if the credit ratings of our outstanding indebtedness are downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected and perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged. a downgrade would also have the effect of increasing our borrowing costs and could decrease the availability of funds we are able to borrow, adversely affecting our business, financial position, and results of operations. further, a downgrade could adversely affect our relationships with our clients.
we may incur non-cash impairment charges in the future associated with our portfolio of intangible assets, including goodwill.
as a result of past acquisitions, we carry a significant goodwill and other acquired intangible assets on our balance sheet. in addition, we also defer certain costs to onboard a client or convert a client's systems to function with our technology. goodwill, intangible assets, net and deferred client conversion and start-up costs accounted for approximately 71% of the total assets on our balance sheet as of june 30, 2022. we test goodwill for impairment annually as of march 31st and we test goodwill, intangible assets, net and deferred client conversion and start-up costs for impairment at other times if events have occurred or circumstances exist that indicate the carrying value of goodwill may no longer be recoverable. although no indications of an impairment have been identified, there can be no assurance that we will not incur impairment charges in the future, particularly in the event of a prolonged economic recession or loss of a key client or clients. a significant non-cash impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we operate internationally and our operations could be adversely impacted by local legal, economic, political and other conditions.
a portion of our revenue is generated outside the u.s. and in recent years, we have expanded our operations, entered strategic alliances, and acquired businesses outside the u.s. as a result of our 2021 acquisition of itiviti, our revenues generated outside the u.s. have increased by 33% and we now operate in 20 countries outside the u.s. also, our business is highly dependent on the global financial services industry and exchanges and market centers around the world. compliance with foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that are applicable to our international operations could cause us to incur higher than anticipated costs, and inadequate enforcement of laws or policies such as those protecting intellectual property, could affect our business and the company's overall results of operations. our operations also could be affected by economic and political changes in those countries, particularly in those with developing economies, and by macroeconomic changes, including recessions, inflation and currency fluctuations between the u.s. dollar and non-u.s. currencies.
in addition, our operations and our ability to deliver our services to our clients could be adversely impacted if there is instability, disruption or destruction in certain geographic regions, including as a result of natural or man-made disasters, wars, terrorist activities, or any widespread outbreak of an illness or pandemic. for example, the continuation or worsening of the covid-19 pandemic and its variants, or other local or global health issue, or the broader economic consequences of the conflict in ukraine could adversely impact our operations and financial results.
certain of our services may be exposed to risk from our counterparties and third parties.
our mutual fund and exchange-traded fund processing services and our transfer agency services involve the settlement of transactions on behalf of our clients and third parties. with these activities, we may be exposed to risk in the event our clients, or broker-dealers, banks, clearing organizations, or depositories are unable to fulfill contractual obligations. failure to settle a transaction may affect our ability to conduct these services or may reduce their profitability as a result of the reputational risk associated with failure to settle.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition of broadridge during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021, and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere herein. certain information contained in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. statements that are not historical in nature and which may be identified by the use of words such as "expects," "assumes," "projects," "anticipates," "estimates," "we believe," "could be," "on track" and other words of similar meaning, are forward-looking statements. these statements are based on management's expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed. our actual results, performance or achievements may differ materially from the results discussed in this item 7 because of various factors, including those set forth elsewhere herein. see "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" included in part 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the discussion summarizing the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition of broadridge during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 can be found in part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year 2021 (the "2021 annual report"), which was filed with the securities and exchange commission on august 12, 2021.
description of the company and business segments broadridge, a delaware corporation and a part of the s&p 500® index, is a global financial technology leader providing investor communications and technology-driven solutions to banks, broker-dealers, asset and wealth managers, public companies, investors and mutual funds. our services include investor communications, securities processing, data and analytics, and customer communications solutions. with over 50 years of experience, including 15 years as an independent public company, we provide integrated solutions and an important infrastructure that powers the financial services industry. our solutions enable better financial lives by powering investing, governance and communications and help reduce the need for our clients to make significant capital investments in operations infrastructure, thereby allowing them to increase their focus on core business activities. our businesses operate in two reportable segments: investor communication solutions and global technology and operations.
acquisitions assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations are recorded on the company's consolidated balance sheets as of the respective acquisition date based upon the estimated fair values at such date. the results of operations of the business acquired by the company are included in the company's consolidated statements of earnings since the respective date of acquisition. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed is allocated to goodwill.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, there were no material acquisitions.
the following represents the fiscal year 2021 acquisitions:
fiscal year 2021 acquisitions:
financial information on each transaction is as follows:
itiviti                         advisor-stream                         total
(in millions)
cash payments, net of cash acquired                                     $2,580.4                          $23.2                         $2,603.6
deferred payments, net                                                  -                                   2.9                              2.9
contingent consideration liability                                      -                                   8.5                              8.5
aggregate purchase price                                                $2,580.4                          $34.5                         $2,615.0
net tangible assets acquired / (liabilities assumed)                    $(252.9)                         $(3.3)                         $(256.2)
goodwill                                                                1,928.7                            27.3                          1,956.0
intangible assets                                           904.6                                          10.5                            915.1
aggregate purchase price                                                $2,580.4                          $34.5                         $2,615.0
itiviti holding ab ("itiviti")
in may 2021, the company acquired itiviti, a leading provider of trading and connectivity technology to the capital markets industry. the acquisition of itiviti extends the company's back-office capabilities into the front-office and deepens its multi-asset class solutions, better enabling the company to help its clients adapt to a rapidly evolving marketplace. itiviti is included in the company's gto reportable segment.
•goodwill is not tax deductible.
•intangible assets acquired consist primarily of customer relationships and software technology, which are being amortized over a seven-year life and five-year life, respectively.
advisorstream ltd. ("advisorstream")
in june 2021, the company acquired advisorstream, a leading provider of digital engagement and marketing solutions for the global wealth and insurance industries. advisorstream's advisor marketing platform enables advisors to drive revenue and growth by providing personalized and consistent client communications. advisorstream is included in the company's gto reportable segment.
•the contingent consideration liability is payable through fiscal year 2024 upon the achievement by the acquired business of certain revenue targets, and has a maximum potential pay-out of $12.0 million upon the achievement in full of the defined financial targets by the acquired business.
•the fair value of the contingent consideration liability at june 30, 2022 is $8.0 million.
•goodwill is not tax deductible.
•intangible assets acquired consist primarily of customer relationships and software technology, which are being amortized over a five-year life and five-year life, respectively.
basis of presentation the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with gaap in the u.s. and in accordance with the sec requirements for annual reports on form 10-k. these financial statements present the consolidated position of the company and include the entities in which the company directly or indirectly has a controlling financial interest as well as various entities in which the company has investments recorded under the equity method of accounting as well as certain marketable and non-marketable securities. intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. amounts presented may not sum due to rounding. certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation where applicable.
in presenting the consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and related disclosures. management continually evaluates the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. the estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment, available information, and historical experience and are believed to be reasonable. however, actual amounts and results could differ from those estimates made by management. in management's opinion, the consolidated financial statements contain all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of results reported. the results of operations reported for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for subsequent periods.
beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, the company revised the foreign exchange rates used to present segment revenues, segment earnings (loss) before income taxes, and closed sales, to further allocate the foreign exchange impact to the individual segment revenue and profit metrics. the presentation of segment revenues and earnings (loss) before income taxes for the prior periods provided has been changed to conform to the current period presentation. total consolidated revenues and earnings before income taxes were not impacted.
seasonality processing and distributing proxy materials and annual reports to investors comprises a large portion of our investor communication solutions business. we process and distribute the greatest number of proxy materials and annual reports during our third and fourth fiscal quarters. the recurring periodic activity of this business is linked to significant filing deadlines imposed by law on public reporting companies. this has caused our revenues, operating income, net earnings, and cash flows from operating activities to be higher in our third and fourth fiscal quarters. the seasonality of our revenues makes it difficult to estimate future operating results based on the results of any specific fiscal quarter and could affect an investor's ability to compare our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows on a fiscal quarter-by-quarter basis.
critical accounting policies we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. the estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment, available information, and historical experience and are believed to be reasonable. however, actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates made by management. certain accounting policies that require significant management estimates and are deemed critical to our results of operations or financial position are discussed below.
goodwill. we review the carrying value of all our goodwill by comparing the carrying value of our reporting units to their fair values. we are required to perform this comparison at least annually or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment. when determining fair value of a reporting unit, we utilize the income approach which considers a discounted future cash flow analysis using various assumptions, including projections of revenues based on assumed long-term growth rates, estimated costs and appropriate discount rates based on the particular reporting unit's weighted-average cost of capital. the principal factors used in the discounted cash flow analysis requiring judgment are the projected future operating cash flows based on forecasted earnings before interest and taxes, and the selection of the terminal value growth rate and discount rate assumptions. the weighted-average cost of capital takes into account the relative weight of each component of our consolidated capital structure (equity and long-term debt). our estimates of long-term growth and costs are based on historical data, various internal estimates and a variety of external sources, and are developed as part of our routine, long-range planning process. changes in economic and operating conditions impacting these assumptions could result in goodwill impairments in future periods. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss shall be recognized in an amount equal to that excess not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. we had $3,484.9 million of goodwill as of june 30, 2022. given the significance of our goodwill, an adverse change to the fair value of one of our reporting units could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our earnings.
the company performs a sensitivity analysis under the goodwill impairment test assuming hypothetical reductions in the fair values of our reporting units. a 10% change in our estimates of projected future operating cash flows, discount rates, or terminal value growth rates used in our calculations of the fair values of the reporting units would not result in an impairment of our goodwill.
income taxes. the objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity's financial statements or tax returns. judgment is required in addressing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns (e.g., realization of deferred tax assets, changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof). the company is subject to regular examination of its income tax returns by the u.s. federal, state and foreign tax authorities. a change in the assessment of the outcomes of such matters could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. the company has estimated foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $59.5 million as of june 30, 2022 of which $8.8 million are subject to expiration in the june 30, 2023 through june 30, 2042 period. the remaining $50.7 million of carryforwards has an indefinite utilization period. in addition, the company has estimated u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $41.3 million of which $20.4 million are subject to expiration in the june 30, 2023 through june 30, 2037 period with the balance of $20.9 million having an indefinite utilization period. u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards resulting from tax losses beginning with the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 have an indefinite carryforward under the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"). the company did not generate federal net operating losses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022.
valuation allowances are recognized to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that the company will not be able to utilize the deferred tax assets of certain subsidiaries to offset future taxable earnings. the company has recorded valuation allowances of $10.7 million and $10.5 million at june 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the determination as to whether a deferred tax asset will be recognized is made on a jurisdictional basis and is based on the evaluation of historical taxable income or loss, projected future taxable income, carryforward periods, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies. projected future taxable income is based on expected results and assumptions as to the jurisdiction in which the income will be earned. the assumptions used to project future taxable income requires significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates used to manage the underlying businesses.
share-based payments. accounting for stock-based compensation requires the measurement of stock-based compensation expense based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant. we determine the fair value of stock options issued by using a binomial option-pricing model. the binomial option-pricing model considers a range of assumptions related to volatility, dividend yield, risk-free interest rate and employee exercise behavior. expected volatilities utilized in the binomial option-pricing model are based on a combination of implied market volatilities, historical volatility of our stock price and other factors. similarly, the dividend yield is based on historical experience and expected future changes. the risk-free rate is derived from the u.s. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. the binomial option-pricing model also incorporates exercise and forfeiture assumptions based on an analysis of historical data. the expected life of the stock option grants is derived from the output of the binomial model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. determining these assumptions are subjective and complex, and therefore, a change in the assumptions utilized could impact the calculation of the fair value of our stock options. a hypothetical change of five percentage points applied to the volatility assumption used to determine the fair value of the fiscal year 2022 stock option grants would result in approximately a $2.5 million change in total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2022 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period. a hypothetical change of one year in the expected life assumption used to determine the fair value of the fiscal year 2022 stock option grants would result in approximately a $1.0 million change in the total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2022 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period. a hypothetical change of one percentage point in the forfeiture rate assumption used for the fiscal year 2022 stock option grants would result in approximately a $0.1 million change in the total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2022 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period. a hypothetical one-half percentage point change in the dividend yield assumption used to determine the fair value of the fiscal year 2022 stock option grants would result in approximately a $1.0 million change in the total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2022 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period.
key performance indicators management focuses on a variety of key indicators to plan, measure and evaluate the company's business and financial performance. these performance indicators include revenue and recurring fee revenue as well as not generally accepted accounting principles measures ("non-gaap") of adjusted operating income, adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share, free cash flow, and closed sales. in addition, management focuses on select operating metrics specific to broadridge of record growth and internal trade growth, as defined below.
refer to the section "explanation and reconciliation of the company's use of non-gaap financial measures" for a reconciliation of adjusted operating income, adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share, and free cash flow to the most directly comparable generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") measures, and an explanation for why these non-gaap metrics provide useful information to investors and how management uses these non-gaap metrics for operational and financial decision-making. refer to the section "results of operations" for a description of closed sales and an explanation of why closed sales is a useful performance metric for management and investors.
revenues revenues are primarily generated from fees for processing and distributing investor communications and fees for technology-enabled services and solutions. the company monitors revenue in each of our two reportable segments as a key measure of success in addressing our clients' needs. fee revenues are derived from both recurring and event-driven activity. the level of recurring and event-driven activity the company processes directly impacts distribution revenues. while event-driven activity is highly repeatable, it may not recur on an annual basis. event-driven fee revenues are based on the number of special events and corporate transactions the company processes. event-driven activity is impacted by financial market conditions and changes in regulatory compliance requirements, resulting in fluctuations in the timing and levels of event-driven fee revenues. distribution revenues primarily include revenues related to the physical mailing of proxy materials, interim communications, transaction reporting, customer communications and fulfillment services as well as matrix administrative services.
recurring fee revenue growth represents the company's total annual fee revenue growth, less growth from event-driven fee revenues. we distinguish recurring fee revenue growth between organic and acquired:
•organic - we define organic revenue as the recurring fee revenue generated from net new business and internal growth.
•acquired - we define acquired revenue as the recurring fee revenue generated from acquired services in the first twelve months following the date of acquisition. this type of growth comes as a result of our strategy to purchase, integrate, and leverage the value of assets we acquire.
revenues and recurring fee revenue are useful metrics for investors in understanding how management measures and evaluates the company's ongoing operational performance. see "results of operations" as well as note 2 "summary of significant accounting policies" and note 3, "revenue recognition" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k.
record growth and internal trade growth the company uses select operating metrics specific to broadridge of record growth and internal trade growth in evaluating its business results and identifying trends affecting its business. record growth is defined as stock record growth and interim record growth which measure the estimated annual change in total positions eligible for equity proxy materials and mutual fund and exchange-traded fund interim communications, respectively, for equities and mutual fund position data reported to broadridge in both the current and prior year periods. internal trade growth represents the estimated change in daily average trade volumes for broadridge securities processing clients whose contracts are linked to trade volumes and who were on broadridge's trading platforms in both the current and prior year periods. record growth and internal trade growth are useful non-financial metrics for investors in understanding how management measures and evaluates broadridge's ongoing operational performance within its investor communication solutions and global technology and operations reportable segments, respectively.
the key performance indicators for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022, and 2021, are as follows:
select operating metrics years ended june 30,
2022                                                                2021
record growth equity proxy                       18    %                       26    %
mutual fund interims               14    %                       10    %
internal trade growth               1    %                       12    %
results of operations the following discussions of analysis of consolidated statements of earnings and analysis of reportable segments refer to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021. the analysis of consolidated statements of earnings should be read in conjunction with the analysis of reportable segments, which provides a more detailed discussion concerning certain components of the consolidated statements of earnings. discussions of analysis of consolidated statements of earnings and analysis of reportable segments for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 is disclosed in part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of the 2021 annual report.
the following references are utilized in the discussions of analysis of consolidated statements of earnings and analysis of reportable segments:
"amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property" and "acquisition and integration costs" represent certain non-cash amortization expenses associated with acquired intangible assets and purchased intellectual property assets, as well as certain transaction and integration costs associated with the company's acquisition activities, respectively.
"gain on acquisition-related financial instrument" represents a non-operating gain on a financial instrument designed to minimize the company's foreign exchange risk associated with the acquisition of itiviti (the "itiviti acquisition"), as well as certain other non-operating financing costs associated with the itiviti acquisition.
"internal growth" is a component of recurring fee revenue and generally reflects year over year changes in existing services to our existing customers' multi-year contracts beyond the initial twelve-month period in which it was included in net new business.
"investment gains" represents non-operating, non-cash gains on privately held investments.
"net new business" refers to recurring revenue from closed sales for the initial twelve-month contract period after which the client goes live with the company's service(s), less recurring revenue from client losses.
"real estate realignment and covid-19 related expenses" are comprised of two major components: real estate realignment expenses, and covid-19 related expenses. real estate realignment expenses are expenses associated with the exit of certain of the company's leased facilities in response to the covid-19 pandemic, which consist of the impairment of certain right of use assets, leasehold improvements and equipment, as well as other related facility exit expenses directly resulting from, and attributable to, the exit of these leased facilities. covid-19 related expenses are direct and incremental expenses incurred by the company to protect the health and safety of broadridge associates during the covid-19 outbreak, including expenses associated with monitoring the temperatures for associates entering our facilities, enhancing the safety of our office environment in preparation for workers to return to company facilities on a more regular basis, ensuring proper social distancing in our production facilities, personal protective equipment, enhanced cleaning measures in our facilities, and other safety related expenses.
"russia-related exit costs" are direct and incremental costs associated with the company's wind down of business activities in russia in response to russia's invasion of ukraine, including relocation-related expenses of impacted associates.
"software charge" represents a charge related to an internal use software product that is no longer expected to be used.
the following definitions describe the company's revenues:
fee revenues in the investor communication solutions segment are derived from both recurring and event-driven activity. in addition, the level of recurring and event-driven activity we process directly impacts distribution revenues. while event-driven activity is highly repeatable, it may not recur on an annual basis. the types of services we provide that comprise event-driven activity are:
•mutual fund proxy: the proxy and related services we provide to mutual funds when certain events occur requiring a shareholder vote including changes in directors, sub-advisors, fee structures, investment restrictions, and mergers of funds.
•mutual fund communications: mutual fund communications services consist primarily of the distribution on behalf of mutual funds of supplemental information required to be provided to the annual mutual fund prospectus as a result of certain triggering events such as a change in portfolio managers. in addition, mutual fund communications consist of notices and marketing materials such as newsletters.
•equity proxy contests and specials, corporate actions, and other: the proxy services we provide in connection with shareholder meetings driven by special events such as proxy contests, mergers and acquisitions, and tender/exchange offers.
event-driven fee revenues are based on the number of special events and corporate transactions we process. event-driven activity is impacted by financial market conditions and changes in regulatory compliance requirements, resulting in fluctuations in the timing and levels of event-driven fee revenues. as such, the timing and level of event-driven activity and its potential impact on revenues and earnings are difficult to forecast.
generally, mutual fund proxy activity has been subject to a greater level of volatility than the other components of event-driven activity. during fiscal year 2022, mutual fund proxy fee revenues were 57% greater than the prior fiscal year. during fiscal year 2021, mutual fund proxy fee revenues were 17% greater than the prior fiscal year. although it is difficult to forecast the levels of event-driven activity, we expect that the portion of fee revenues derived from mutual fund proxy activity may continue to experience volatility in the future.
distribution revenues primarily include revenues related to the physical mailing of proxy materials, interim communications, transaction reporting, customer communications and fulfillment services, as well as matrix administrative services.
distribution cost of revenues consists primarily of postage-related expenses incurred in connection with our investor communication solutions segment, as well as matrix administrative services expenses. these costs are reflected in cost of revenues.
closed sales represent an estimate of the expected annual recurring fee revenue for new client contracts that were signed by broadridge in the current reporting period. closed sales does not include event-driven or distribution activity. we consider contract terms, expected client volumes or activity, knowledge of the marketplace and experience with our clients, among other factors, when determining the estimate. management uses closed sales to measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing programs, as an indicator of expected future revenues and as a performance metric in determining incentive compensation.
closed sales is not a measure of financial performance under gaap, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for revenue or other income statement data prepared in accordance with gaap. closed sales is a useful metric for investors in understanding how management measures and evaluates our ongoing operational performance.
the inherent variability of transaction volumes and activity levels can result in some variability of amounts reported as actual achieved closed sales. larger closed sales can take up to 12 to 24 months or longer to convert to revenues, particularly for the services provided by our global technology and operations segment. for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, we are reporting closed sales net of a 5.0% allowance adjustment. for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, we reported closed sales net of a 5.0% allowance adjustment. consequently, our reported closed sales amounts will not be adjusted for actual revenues achieved because these adjustments are estimated in the period the sale is reported. we assess this allowance amount at the end of each fiscal year to establish the appropriate allowance for the subsequent year using the trailing five years actual data as the starting point, normalized for outlying factors, if any, to enhance the accuracy of the allowance.
for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021, closed sales were $281.9 million and $232.1 million, respectively. the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021, are net of an allowance adjustment of $14.8 million and $12.2 million, respectively.
recent developments global pandemic the covid-19 pandemic continues to persist throughout the world including the u.s., india, canada, europe and other locations where we operate. to date, the covid-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, created significant financial market volatility, disrupted global supply chains, and resulted in a significant number of deaths and infections worldwide. in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we have taken, and expect to continue to take, measures designed to protect the health of our employees and to minimize our operational disruption and resulting provision of services to our clients.
in fiscal year 2022, there has not been a material impact as a result of covid-19 on our consolidated revenues and pre-tax income. in addition, all of our production-related facilities remain operational and are continuing to provide ongoing services to our clients. further, we have not experienced any significant supply-chain issues as our critical vendors have also remained operational and continue to meet their on-going service level requirements. we continue to engage with our clients to assist with their service demands, including our clients' needs for any supplemental operational services and/or changes to existing service requirements in response to the covid-19 pandemic. see the risk factor titled "the covid-19 pandemic may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial performance" in part i, item 1a "risk factors" in this annual report.
conflict in ukraine we are monitoring the events related to russia's invasion of ukraine and have been actively managing any exposure we may have through a cross-functional taskforce that includes members of our senior management. we have historically had a limited presence in russia, and we have no presence in ukraine. we do not store any client data in russia. prior to the conflict, we had approximately 280 associates in st. petersburg, russia who provide software development and support services for several of our gto products, less than 2% of our total associates. we have historically provided services to a very small number of russian entities and subsidiaries of russian entities. the revenues from those services represented less than 0.1% of our total revenues in fiscal year 2021 and our outstanding accounts receivable from these entities is de minimis. we are in the process of terminating and winding down these relationships and closing our operations in russia. we are monitoring and believe we are in compliance with all global sanctions arising out of russia's invasion of ukraine. we are taking steps to move the services provided in russia to other locations in europe and asia. we have taken actions to enhance our information security defenses in response to the ukraine conflict. we do not expect the ukraine conflict and the actions we are taking in response to have a material impact on our core operations or financial results.
analysis of consolidated statements of earnings fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021
the table below presents consolidated statements of earnings data for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021, and the dollar and percentage changes between periods:
years ended june 30,
2022                                                                                        2021                                                            change
($)                                       (%)
(in millions, except for per share amounts)
revenues                                              $5,709.1                      $4,993.7                      $715.3                        14
cost of revenues                                       4,116.9                       3,570.8                       546.2                        15
selling, general and administrative expenses             832.3                         744.3                        88.0                        12
total operating expenses                               4,949.2                       4,315.0                       634.2                        15
operating income                                         759.9                         678.7                        81.1                        12
margin                                                    13.3   %                      13.6   %                                             (0.3)             pts interest expense, net                                   (84.7)                        (55.2)                      (29.4)                        53
other non-operating income (expenses), net               (3.0)                          72.7                      (75.7)                            nm earnings before income taxes                             672.2                         696.2                      (24.0)                       (3)
provision for income taxes                               133.1                         148.7                      (15.6)                      (10)
effective tax rate                                        19.8   %                      21.4   %                                             (1.6)             pts net earnings                                            $539.1                        $547.5                      $(8.4)                       (2)
basic earnings per share                                 $4.62                         $4.73                     $(0.11)                       (2)
diluted earnings per share                               $4.55                         $4.65                     $(0.10)                       (2)
weighted average shares outstanding:
basic                                                        116.7                         115.7
diluted                                                      118.5                         117.8
nm - not meaningful revenues the table below presents consolidated statements of earnings data for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021, and the dollar and percentage changes between periods:
years ended june 30,
2022                                                                                              2021                                                change
$                       %
($ in millions)
recurring fee revenues                            $3,749.3                            $3,228.3                            $521.1                      16
event-driven fee revenues                            269.6                               235.5                              34.1                      14
distribution revenues                              1,717.6                             1,549.5                             168.1                      11
foreign currency exchange                           (27.4)                              (19.5)                             (7.9)                      41
total                                             $5,709.1                            $4,993.7                            $715.3                      14
points of growth net new business                     internal growth                     acquisitions                total recurring fee revenue growth drivers                          4pts                                5pts                             7pts               16   %
revenues increased $715.3 million, or 14%, to $5,709.1 million from $4,993.7 million.
•recurring fee revenues increased $521.1 million inclusive of 4pts of growth from onboarding of net new business, and 5pts from internal growth. the growth in net new business contributed to growth in both ics and gto recurring fee revenues, while internal growth contributed 5pts driven by higher volumes in our ics business from equity proxy record growth of 18% and mutual fund interims record growth of 14%. growth from acquisitions was 7pts, most notably from our recent itiviti acquisition which closed in may 2021.
•event-driven fee revenues increased $34.1 million, or 14%, primarily due to increased mutual fund proxy activity.
•higher distribution revenues of $168.1 million were primarily driven by increased mail volumes of $93.9 million, primarily customer communications, and $74.2 million driven by higher postage rates.
total operating expenses. operating expenses increased $634.2 million, or 15%, to $4,949.2 million from $4,315.0 million as a result of an increase in both cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses:
•cost of revenues - the increase of $546.2 million in cost of revenues primarily reflects the impact of operating costs from acquisitions and related amortization expense totaling $235.2 million primarily driven by the itiviti acquisition in may of 2021, and higher volume related expenses including postage and distribution costs, and nominees remittances, totaling $209.2 million due to higher investor communication solutions segment revenues.
•selling, general and administrative expenses - the increase of $88.0 million in selling, general, and administrative expenses primarily reflects the impact of acquisitions of $55.5 million primarily driven by the itiviti acquisition in may of 2021, and higher compensation of $38.2 million.
interest expense, net. interest expenses, net, was $84.7 million, an increase of $29.4 million from $55.2 million in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021. the increase of $29.4 million was primarily due to an increase in debt outstanding related to the itiviti acquisition.
other non-operating income (expenses), net. other non-operating expense, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 was $3.0 million, a decrease of $75.7 million, compared to $72.7 million of other non-operating income, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to the gain on acquisition-related financial instrument of $62.1 million in the prior year period.
provision for income taxes.
•effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 - 19.8%.
•effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 - 21.4%.
the decrease in the effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 was driven by higher total discrete tax items, in addition to higher excess tax benefits related to equity compensation, compared to the prior year period.
analysis of reportable segments broadridge has two reportable segments: (1) investor communication solutions and (2) global technology and operations.
the primary component of "other" are certain gains, losses, corporate overhead expenses and non-operating expenses that have not been allocated to the reportable segments, such as interest expense. foreign currency exchange is a reconciling item between the actual foreign currency exchange rates and the constant foreign currency exchange rates used for internal management reporting.
certain corporate expenses, as well as certain centrally managed expenses, are allocated based upon budgeted amounts in a reasonable manner. because the company compensates the management of its various businesses on, among other factors, segment profit, the company may elect to record certain segment-related operating and non-operating expense items in other rather than reflect such items in segment profit.
revenues years ended june 30,
2022                                                      2021                    change
$                                                       %
($ in millions)
investor communication solutions          $4,262.1                  $3,827.0                     $435.1                11
global technology and operations           1,474.4                   1,186.2      288.2                                24
foreign currency exchange                   (27.4)                    (19.5)                      (7.9)                41
total                                     $5,709.1                  $4,993.7                     $715.3                14
earnings before income taxes years ended june 30,
2022                                                       2021                  change
$                                                     %
($ in millions)
investor communication solutions          $726.3                     $596.0               $130.2         22
global technology and operations           139.5      200.3                               (60.8)                     (30)
other                                    (188.9)                     (90.1)               (98.8)         110
foreign currency exchange                  (4.7)                     (10.1)      5.4                                 (53)
total                                     $672.2                     $696.2               $(24.0)                     (3)
the amount of amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property by segment is as follows:
years ended june 30,
2022                                                    2021                  change
$                                                     %
($ in millions)
investor communication solutions           $69.3                   $86.8                  $(17.5)                    (20)
global technology and operations           189.3      67.6                    121.7                      180
other                                          -      1.5                                 (1.5)                     (100)
foreign currency exchange                  (8.4)                   (2.3)                  (6.1)                           nm total                                     $250.2                  $153.7                  $96.5          63
nm - not meaningful investor communication solutions fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021
revenues increased $435.1 million to $4,262.1 million from $3,827.0 million, and earnings before income taxes increased $130.2 million to $726.3 million from $596.0 million.
years ended june 30,
2022                                                                      2021                                                            change
$                                                                            %
($ in millions)
revenues recurring fee revenues                            $2,275.0                            $2,042.1                            $232.9                      11
event-driven fee revenues                            269.6                               235.5                              34.1                      14
distribution revenues                              1,717.6                             1,549.5                             168.1                      11
total                                             $4,262.1                            $3,827.0                            $435.1                      11
earnings before income taxes earnings before income taxes                        $726.3                              $596.0                            $130.2                      22
pre-tax margin                                        17.0       %                        15.6       %
points of growth net new business                     internal growth                     acquisitions                total recurring fee revenue growth drivers                          5pts                                7pts                             0pts               11   %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022:
•recurring fee revenues grew 11% driven by 5pts from net new business and 7pts of internal growth. internal growth was driven by higher volumes including equity proxy record growth of 18% and mutual fund interims record growth of 14%.
•event-driven fee revenues grew 14% primarily due to increased volume of mutual fund proxy activity.
•higher distribution revenues of $168.1 million were primarily driven by increased mail volumes of $93.9 million, primarily customer communications, and $74.2 million driven by higher postage rates.
•the earnings increase of $130.2 million, or 22% to $726.3 million was driven by higher recurring and event-driven fee revenues. segment operating expenses rose 9%, or $304.8 million, to $3,535.8 million, primarily driven by distribution and other revenue related expenses. amortization expense from acquired intangibles decreased by $17.5 million to $69.3 million from $86.8 million in the prior period.
•pre-tax margins increased by 1.4 percentage points to 17.0% from 15.6%.
global technology and operations fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021
revenues increased $288.2 million to $1,474.4 million from $1,186.2 million, and earnings before income taxes decreased $60.8 million to $139.5 million from $200.3 million.
years ended june 30,
2022                                         2021                                                     change
$                                                                    %
($ in millions)
revenues recurring fee revenues                       $1,474.4                         $1,186.2                         $288.2               24
earnings before income taxes earnings before income taxes                 $139.5                           $200.3                           $(60.8)                       (30)
pre-tax margin                               9.5             %       16.9                     %
points of growth net new business                 internal growth                  acquisitions                  total recurring fee revenue growth drivers         4pts                             1pt                              19pts                24                 %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022:
•recurring fee revenues increased $288.2 million, or 24%, to $1,474.4 million. the growth was driven by 19pts of growth from acquisitions, primarily itiviti, as well as 4pts of net new business from onboarding of new clients.
•the earnings decrease of $60.8 million was primarily driven by $290.7 million in operating costs from acquisitions primarily as a result of the itiviti acquisition, as compared to revenue from acquisitions of $228.2 million. amortization expense from acquired intangibles increased by $121.7 million to $189.3 million in fiscal year 2022 from $67.6 million in the prior year period.
•pre-tax margins decreased by 7.4 percentage points to 9.5% from 16.9%.
other loss before income taxes was $188.9 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, an increase of $98.8 million, or 110%, compared to $90.1 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021.
•the increased loss before income taxes was primarily due to (i) the absence of the gain on acquisition-related financial instrument of $62.1 million in the prior year period, and (ii) higher interest expense of $29.4 million due to an increase in average debt outstanding related to the itiviti acquisition.
explanation and reconciliation of the company's use of non-gaap financial measures the company's results in this annual report on form 10-k are presented in accordance with u.s. gaap except where otherwise noted. in certain circumstances, non-gaap results have been presented. these non-gaap measures are adjusted operating income, adjusted operating income margin, adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share, and free cash flow. these non-gaap financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the company's reported results.
the company believes our non-gaap financial measures help investors understand how management plans, measures and evaluates the company's business performance. management believes that non-gaap measures provide consistency in its financial reporting and facilitates investors' understanding of the company's operating results and trends by providing an additional basis for comparison. management uses these non-gaap financial measures to, among other things, evaluate our ongoing operations, for internal planning and forecasting purposes and in the calculation of performance-based compensation. in addition, and as a consequence of the importance of these non-gaap financial measures in managing our business, the company's compensation committee of the board of directors incorporates non-gaap financial measures in the evaluation process for determining management compensation.
adjusted operating income, adjusted operating income margin, adjusted net earnings and adjusted earnings per share these non-gaap measures reflect operating income, operating income margin, net earnings, and diluted earnings per share, as adjusted to exclude the impact of certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items the exclusion of which management believes provides insight regarding our ongoing operating performance. depending on the period presented, these adjusted measures exclude the impact of certain of the following items: (i) amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property, (ii) acquisition and integration costs, (iii) real estate realignment and covid-19 related expenses, (iv) russia-related exit costs, (v) investment gains, (vi) software charge, and (vii) gain on acquisition-related financial instrument. amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property represents non-cash amortization expenses associated with the company's acquisition activities. acquisition and integration costs represent certain transaction and integration costs associated with the company's acquisition activities. real estate realignment and covid-19 related expenses are comprised of two major components: real estate realignment expenses, and covid-19 related expenses. real estate realignment expenses are expenses associated with the exit of certain of the company's leased facilities in response to the covid-19 pandemic, which consist of the impairment of certain right of use assets, leasehold improvements and equipment, as well as other related facility exit expenses directly resulting from, and attributable to, the exit of these leased facilities. covid-19 related expense are direct and incremental expenses incurred by the company to protect the health and safety of broadridge associates during the covid-19 outbreak, including expenses associated with monitoring the temperatures for associates entering our facilities, enhancing the safety of our office environment in preparation for workers to return to company facilities on a more regular basis, ensuring proper social distancing in our production facilities, personal protective equipment, enhanced cleaning measures in our facilities, and other safety related expenses. russia-related exit costs are direct and incremental costs associated with the company's wind down of business activities in russia in response to russia's invasion of ukraine, including relocation-related expenses of impacted associates. investment gains represent non-operating, non-cash gains on privately held investments. software charge represents a charge related to an internal use software product that is no longer expected to be used. gain on acquisition-related financial instrument represents a non-operating gain on a financial instrument designed to minimize the company's foreign exchange risk associated with the itiviti acquisition, as well as certain other non-operating financing costs associated with the itiviti acquisition.
we exclude acquisition and integration costs, real estate realignment and covid-19 related expenses, russia-related exit costs, investment gains, the software charge, and the gain on acquisition-related financial instrument from our adjusted operating income (as applicable) and other adjusted earnings measures because excluding such information provides us with an understanding of the results from the primary operations of our business and enhances comparability across fiscal reporting periods, as these items are not reflective of our underlying operations or performance. we also exclude the impact of amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property, as these non-cash amounts are significantly impacted by the timing and size of individual acquisitions and do not factor into the company's capital allocation decisions, management compensation metrics or multi-year objectives. furthermore, management believes that this adjustment enables better comparison of our results as amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property will not recur in future periods once such intangible assets have been fully amortized. although we exclude amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property from our adjusted earnings measures, our management believes that it is important for investors to understand that these intangible assets contribute to revenue generation. amortization of intangible assets that relate to past acquisitions will recur in future periods until such intangible assets have been fully amortized. any future acquisitions may result in the amortization of additional intangible assets.
free cash flow in addition to the non-gaap financial measures discussed above, we provide free cash flow information because we consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated that could be used for dividends, share repurchases, strategic acquisitions, other investments, as well as debt servicing. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure and is defined by the company as net cash flows provided by operating activities plus proceeds from asset sales, less capital expenditures as well as software purchases and capitalized internal use software.
set forth below is a reconciliation of such non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures (unaudited):
years ended june 30,
2022                          2021
(in millions)
operating income (gaap)                                                                         $759.9                        $678.7
adjustments:
amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property                         250.2                         153.7
acquisition and integration costs                                                                 24.5                          18.1
real estate realignment and covid-19 related expenses (a)                                         30.5                          45.3
russia-related exit costs                                                                     1.4                             -
software charge                                                                                      -                           6.0
adjusted operating income (non-gaap)                                                          $1,066.4                        $901.8
operating income margin (gaap)                                                               13.3    %                     13.6    %
adjusted operating income margin (non-gaap)                                                  18.7    %                     18.1    %
years ended june 30,
2022                            2021
(in millions)
net earnings (gaap)                                                                             $539.1                          $547.5
adjustments:
amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property                         250.2                           153.7
acquisition and integration costs                                                                 24.5                            18.1
real estate realignment and covid-19 related expenses (a)                                         30.5                            45.3
russia-related exit costs                                                                          1.4                               -
software charge                                                                                      -                             6.0
investment gains                                                                                (14.2)                           (8.7)
gain on acquisition-related financial instrument                                                     -                          (62.1)
subtotal of adjustments                                                                          292.3                           152.2
tax impact of adjustments (c)                                                                   (65.7)                          (33.2)
adjusted net earnings (non-gaap)                                                                $765.7                          $666.5
years ended june 30,
2022                            2021
diluted earnings per share (gaap)                                                             $4.55                           $4.65
adjustments:
amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property                       2.11                            1.30
acquisition and integration costs                                                              0.21                            0.15
real estate realignment and covid-19 related expenses (b)                                      0.26                            0.38
russia-related exit costs                                                                      0.01                               -
software charge                                                                                   -                            0.05
investment gains                                                                             (0.12)                          (0.07)
gain on acquisition-related financial instrument                                                  -                          (0.53)
subtotal of adjustments                                                                        2.47                            1.29
tax impact of adjustments (c)                                                                (0.55)                          (0.28)
adjusted earnings per share (non-gaap)                                                        $6.46                           $5.66
(a) real estate realignment expenses were $23.0 million and $29.6 million for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. covid-19 related expenses were $7.5 million and $15.7 million for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
(b) real estate realignment expenses impacted adjusted earnings per share by $0.19 and $0.25 for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. covid-19 related expenses impacted adjusted earnings per share by $0.06 and $0.13 for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
(c) calculated using the gaap effective tax rate, adjusted to exclude $18.1 million of excess tax benefits ("etb") associated with stock-based compensation for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, and $16.9 million of etb associated with stock-based compensation for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021. the tax impact of adjustments also excludes approximately $10.6 million of acquisition and integration costs for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, which are not tax-deductible. for purposes of calculating the adjusted earnings per share, the same adjustments were made on a per share basis.
years ended june 30,
2022                      2021
(in millions)
net cash flows provided by operating activities (gaap)                                                $443.5                          $640.1
capital expenditures and software purchases and capitalized internal use software                     (73.1)                         (100.7)
proceeds from asset sales                                                                                  -        18.0
free cash flow (non-gaap)                                                                             $370.4                          $557.3
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources cash and cash equivalents consisted of the following:
june 30,
2022                        2021
(in millions)
cash and cash equivalents:
domestic cash                                             $43.4                       $40.9
cash held by foreign subsidiaries                         114.3                       159.8
cash held by regulated entities                            67.0                        73.8
total cash and cash equivalents                          $224.7                      $274.5
at june 30, 2022 and 2021, cash and cash equivalents were $224.7 million and $274.5 million, respectively. total stockholders' equity was $1,919.1 million and $1,809.1 million at june 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. at the current time, and in future periods, we expect cash generated by our operations, together with existing cash, cash equivalents, and borrowings from the capital markets, to be sufficient to cover cash needs for working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, dividends and common stock repurchases. given the volatility in the rapidly changing market and economic conditions related to the covid-19 pandemic, we will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business and financial position.
we expect existing domestic cash, cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and borrowing capacity to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as regular quarterly dividends, debt repayment schedules, and material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. in addition, we expect existing foreign cash, cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and borrowing capacity to continue to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities, such as material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. if these funds are needed for our operations in the u.s., we may be required to pay additional foreign taxes to repatriate these funds. however, while we may do so at a future date, the company does not need to repatriate future foreign earnings to fund u.s. operations.
outstanding borrowings and available capacity under the company's borrowing arrangements were as follows:
expiration                             principal amount outstanding at june 30, 2022                    carrying value at june 30, 2022                    carrying value at june 30, 2021               unused                                fair value at june 30, 2022
date                                                                                                                                                                                                     available capacity
(in millions)
long-term debt fiscal 2021 revolving credit facility:
u.s. dollar tranche                          april 2026                                                   $25.0                                                   $25.0                                              $20.0                            $1,075.0                                        $25.0
multicurrency tranche                        april 2026                                                       -                                                       -                                               94.4                400.0                                                           -
total revolving credit facility                                                                           $25.0                                                   $25.0                                             $114.4                            $1,475.0                                        $25.0
fiscal 2021 term loans                       may 2024                                                  $1,540.0                                                $1,535.8                                           $1,543.4                            $-                                           $1,540.0
fiscal 2016 senior notes                     june 2026                                                   $500.0                                                  $497.4                                             $496.7                            $-                                             $484.3
fiscal 2020 senior notes                     december 2029        750.0                                                                                           743.4                                              742.5                            -                                               658.0
fiscal 2021 senior notes                     may 2031                                                   1,000.0                                                   991.5                                              990.6                            -                                               837.5
total senior notes                                                                                     $2,250.0                                                $2,232.3                                           $2,229.8                            $-                                           $1,979.8
total debt                                                                                             $3,815.0                                                $3,793.0                                           $3,887.6                            $1,475.0                                     $3,544.8
future principal payments on the company's outstanding debt are as follows:
years ending june 30,         2023                2024                      2025                2026                    2027                thereafter          total
(in millions)                          $-                     $1,540.0               $-                     $525.0               $-         $1,750.0            $3,815.0
the company has a $1.5 billion five-year revolving credit facility (the "fiscal 2021 revolving credit facility"), which is comprised of a $1.1 billion u.s. dollar tranche and a $400.0 million multicurrency tranche. under the fiscal 2021 revolving credit facility, revolving loans denominated in u.s. dollars, canadian dollars, euro, yen, and swedish kronor initially bear interest at libor, cdor, euribor, tibor and stibor, respectively, plus 1.015% per annum (subject to step-ups to 1.175% and step-downs to 0.805% based on ratings) and revolving loans denominated in sterling initially bear interest at sonia plus 1.0476% per annum (subject to step-ups to 1.2076% and step-downs to 0.8376% based on ratings). the fiscal 2021 revolving credit facility also has an annual facility fee equal to 11.0 basis points on the entire facility (subject to step-ups to 20.0 basis points and step-downs to 7.0 basis points based on ratings).
in march 2021, the company entered into a term credit agreement, as amended on december 23, 2021 ("term credit agreement"), providing for term loan commitments in an aggregate principal amount of $2.55 billion, comprised of a $1.0 billion tranche ("tranche 1") and a $1.55 billion tranche ("tranche 2," together with tranche 1, the "fiscal 2021 term loans"). the tranche 1 loans were repaid in full in may 2021. the tranche 2 loans will mature in may 2024 on the third anniversary of the funding date. the proceeds of the fiscal 2021 term loans were used by the company to solely finance the itiviti acquisition and pay certain fees and expenses in connection therewith. interest on the outstanding portion of the fiscal 2021 term loans bears interest at libor plus 0.875% per annum (subject to step-ups to libor plus 1.250% or a step-down to libor plus 0.750% based on ratings).
in june 2016, the company completed an offering of $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes (the "fiscal 2016 senior notes"). interest on the fiscal 2016 senior notes is payable semiannually on june 27 and december 27 of each year based on a fixed per annum rate equal to 3.40%. in december 2019, the company completed an offering of $750.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes (the "fiscal 2020 senior notes"). interest on the fiscal 2020 senior notes is payable semiannually on june 1 and december 1 of each year based on a fixed per annum rate equal to 2.90%. in may 2021, the company completed an offering of $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior notes (the "fiscal 2021 senior notes"). interest on the fiscal 2021 senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on may 1 and november 1 of each year based on a fixed per annum rate equal to 2.60%.
the fiscal 2021 revolving credit facility, fiscal 2021 term loans, fiscal 2016 senior notes, fiscal 2020 senior notes and fiscal 2021 senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company and are ranked equally in right of payment.
our liquidity position may be negatively affected by changes in general economic conditions, regulatory requirements and access to the capital markets, which may be limited if we were to fail to renew any of the credit facilities on their renewal dates or if we were to fail to meet certain ratios.
please refer to note 13, "borrowings" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for a more detailed discussion.
cash flows fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021
years ended june 30,
2022                                                                                                                             2021               $ change
(in millions)
net cash flows provided by operating activities                                              $443.5                        $640.1                   $(196.6)
net cash flows used in investing activities                                                 (110.4)                     (2,653.7)                   2,543.3
net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities                                   (370.8)                       1,797.8                   (2,168.5)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                 (12.2)                          13.8                   (26.0)
net change in cash and cash equivalents                                                     $(49.9)                      $(202.1)                   $152.2
free cash flow:
net cash flows provided by operating activities (gaap)                                       $443.5                        $640.1                   $(196.6)
capital expenditures and software purchases and capitalized internal use software            (73.1)                       (100.7)       27.6
proceeds from asset sales                                                                         -                          18.0                   (18.0)
free cash flow (non-gaap)                                                                    $370.4                        $557.3                   $(186.9)
the decrease in cash provided by operating activities of $196.6 million was primarily due to increased scaling of client-related platform implementation and development as well as higher cash used in working capital, partially offset by higher net non-cash add-backs including higher amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property.
the decrease in cash used in investing activities of $2,543.3 million primarily reflects lower acquisition spend in fiscal year 2022 compared to the prior year period, most notably the itiviti acquisition, partially offset by the fiscal year 2021 $66.7 million forward foreign exchange derivative inflow associated with the itiviti acquisition that did not recur in fiscal year 2022.
the increase in cash used in financing activities of $2,168.5 million primarily reflects lower borrowings net of repayments, most notably to finance the itiviti acquisition in the prior year period.
income taxes the company, headquartered in the u.s., is routinely examined by the irs and is also routinely examined by the tax authorities in the u.s. states and foreign countries in which it conducts business. the tax years under audit examination vary by tax jurisdiction. the company regularly considers the likelihood of assessments in each of the jurisdictions resulting from examinations. to the extent the company determines it has potential tax assessments in particular tax jurisdictions, the company has established tax reserves which it believes are adequate in relation to the potential assessments. once established, reserves are adjusted when there is more information available, when an event occurs necessitating a change to the reserves or the statute of limitations for the relevant taxing authority to examine the tax position has expired. the resolution of tax matters should not have a material effect on the financial condition of the company or on the company's consolidated statements of earnings for a particular future period.
defined benefit pension plans the company sponsors a supplemental officer retirement plan (the "sorp"). the sorp is a nonqualified erisa defined benefit plan pursuant to which the company will pay supplemental pension benefits to certain key officers upon retirement based upon the officers' years of service and compensation. the sorp was closed to new participants beginning in fiscal year 2015. the company also sponsors a supplemental executive retirement plan (the "serp"). the serp is also a nonqualified erisa defined benefit plan pursuant to which the company will pay supplemental pension benefits to certain key executives upon retirement based upon the executives' years of service and compensation. the serp was closed to new participants beginning in fiscal year 2015.
the sorp and serp are effectively funded with assets held in a rabbi trust. the assets invested in the rabbi trust are to be used in part to fund benefit payments to participants under the terms of the plans. the rabbi trust is irrevocable and no portion of the trust funds may be used for any purpose other than the delivery of those assets to the participants, except that assets held in the rabbi trust would be subject to the claims of the company's general creditors in the event of bankruptcy or insolvency of the company. the sorp and serp are nonqualified plans for federal tax purposes and for purposes of title i of erisa. the rabbi trust assets had a value of $55.6 million at june 30, 2022 and $62.6 million at june 30, 2021 and are included in other non-current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
the benefit obligation to the company under these plans at june 30, 2022 and 2021 was:
years ended june 30,
2022   2021
(in millions)
sorp                   $51.6                         $59.5
serp                     5.4        6.4
total                  $57.0                         $65.9
other post-retirement benefit plan the company sponsors an executive retiree health insurance plan. it is a post-retirement benefit plan pursuant to which the company helps defray the health care costs of certain eligible key executive retirees and qualifying dependents, based upon the retirees' age and years of service, until they reach the age of 65. the plan is currently unfunded.
the benefit obligation to the company under this plan at june 30, 2022 and 2021 was:
years ended june 30,
2022                    2021
(in millions)
executive retiree health insurance plan                  $4.0                          $3.7
other post-employment benefit obligations the company sponsors certain non-us benefits-related plans covering certain eligible international employees who are eligible under the terms of their employment in their respective countries. these plans are generally unfunded.
the benefit obligation to the company under these plans at june 30, 2022 and 2021 was:
years ended june 30,
2022                    2021
(in millions)
other non-us benefits-related plans                $9.8                          $9.1
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations to third parties as of june 30, 2022 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods:
payments due by period total                   less than 1                        1-3 years                     4-5 years                        after 5
year                                                                                         years
(in millions)
debt(1)                                                           $3,815.0                          $-                        $1,540.0                         $525.0                        $1,750.0
interest and facility fee on debt(2)                                 539.6                       105.3                           167.6                          114.4                           152.3
facility and equipment operating leases(3)                           309.0                        48.2                            80.7                           64.1                           116.0
purchase obligations(4)                                              655.2                       151.7                           241.8                          187.7                            73.9
acquisition deferred payments(5)                                       3.2                         3.2                               -                              -                               -
capital commitment to fund investment(6)                                 -                           -                               -                              -                               -
uncertain tax positions(7)                                               -                           -                               -                              -                               -
total(8)                                                          $5,322.0                      $308.5                        $2,030.1                         $891.2                        $2,092.2
(1)these amounts represent the principal repayments of long-term debt and are included on our consolidated balance sheets. see note 13, "borrowings" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about our borrowings and related matters.
(2)includes estimated future interest payments on our long-term debt and interest and facility fee on the revolving credit facility.
(3)we enter into operating leases in the normal course of business relating to facilities and equipment. the majority of our lease agreements have fixed payment terms based on the passage of time. certain facility and equipment leases require payment of maintenance, real estate taxes and related executory costs, and contain escalation provisions based on future adjustments in price indices. our future operating lease obligations could change if we exit certain contracts and if we enter into additional operating lease agreements. see note 8, "leases" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about our leases and related matters.
(4)purchase obligations relate to payments to kyndryl, inc. related to the amended it services agreement (as described below) that expires in fiscal year 2027, the private cloud agreement (as described below) that expires in fiscal year 2030, the amended eu it services agreement (as described below) that expires in fiscal year 2029, the aws cloud agreement (as described below) that expires in fiscal year 2027, as well as software license agreements including hosted software arrangements, and software and hardware maintenance and support agreements, and certain other related arrangements. purchase obligations also includes $25.4 million of other liabilities recorded on the company's consolidated balance sheet as of june 30, 2022.
(5)deferred payment obligation primarily associated with the company's acquisition of advisorstream.
(6)the company has a future commitment to fund $0.9 million to an investee that is not included in the table above due to the uncertainty of the timing of this future payment.
(7)due to the uncertainty related to the timing of the reversal of uncertain tax positions, only uncertain tax benefits related to certain settlements have been provided in the table above. the company is unable to make reasonably reliable estimates related to the timing of the remaining gross unrecognized tax benefit liability of $61.4 million (inclusive of interest). see note 17, "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for further detail.
(8)certain post-employment benefit obligations reported in our consolidated balance sheets in the amount of $70.8 million as of june 30, 2022 were not included in the table above due to the uncertainty of the timing of these future payments.
data center agreements in march 2010, the company and international business machines corporation ("ibm") entered into an information technology services agreement (the "it services agreement"), under which ibm provided certain aspects of the company's information technology infrastructure. under the it services agreement, ibm provided a broad range of technology services to the company, including supporting its mainframe, midrange, network and data center operations, as well as providing disaster recovery services. the migration of data center processing to ibm was completed in august 2012. in december 2019, the company and ibm amended and restated the it services agreement (the "amended it services agreement"), which now expires on june 30, 2027. the company has the option of incorporating additional services into the amended it services agreement over time. the company may renew the term of the amended it services agreement for up to one additional 12-month period. on july 28, 2021, the company entered into a novation agreement with ibm (the "u.s. novation agreement") pursuant to which ibm novated the amended it services agreement to kyndryl, inc., an entity formed in connection with ibm's spin-off of its managed infrastructure services business ("kyndryl"), effective september 1, 2021. fixed minimum commitments remaining under the amended it services agreement at june 30, 2022 are $145.8 million through fiscal year 2027, the final year of the amended it services agreement.
in december 2019, the company and ibm entered into an information technology agreement for private cloud services (the "private cloud agreement") under which ibm will operate, manage and support the company's private cloud global distributed platforms and products, and operate and manage certain company networks. the private cloud agreement has an initial term of approximately 10 years and three months, expiring on march 31, 2030. as a result of the private cloud agreement, the company transferred certain of its employees in april 2020 to ibm and its affiliates, and such transferred employees are expected to continue providing services to the company on behalf of ibm under the private cloud agreement. pursuant to the private cloud agreement, the company agreed to transfer the ownership of certain company-owned hardware (the "hardware") located at company facilities worldwide to ibm. the transfer of the hardware and maintenance contracts to ibm closed on september 30, 2020 for a selling price of $18.0 million. on july 28, 2021, ibm novated the private cloud agreement to kyndryl, effective september 1, 2021, pursuant to the u.s. novation agreement. fixed minimum commitments remaining under the private cloud agreement at june 30, 2022 are $175.2 million through march 31, 2030, the final year of the contract.
in march 2014, the company and ibm united kingdom limited ("ibm uk") entered into an information technology services agreement (the "eu it services agreement"), under which ibm uk provides data center services supporting the company's technology outsourcing services for certain clients in europe and asia. the eu it services agreement would have expired in october 2023. in december 2019, the company amended the existing eu it services agreement whereby the company will migrate from the existing dedicated on-premises solution to a managed broadridge private cloud environment provided by ibm, as well as extended the term of the eu it services agreement to june 2029 (the "amended eu it services agreement"). the company has the right to renew the term of the amended eu it services agreement for up to one additional 12-month period or one additional 24-month period. on august 19, 2021, the company entered into a novation agreement with ibm uk pursuant to which ibm uk novated the eu it services agreement to kyndryl uk limited, effective september 1, 2021. fixed minimum commitments remaining under the amended eu it services agreement at june 30, 2022 are $26.0 million through fiscal year 2029, the final year of the contract.
the following table summarizes the capitalized costs related to these agreements as of june 30, 2022:
amended it services agreement                amended eu it services agreement                    total
(in millions)
capitalized costs, beginning balance                                     $62.8                                           $9.0                             $71.8
capitalized costs incurred                                                 0.3                                              -                               0.3
impact of foreign currency exchange                                          -                                          (1.4)                             (1.4)
total capitalized costs, ending balance                                   63.0               7.6                                                           70.7
total accumulated amortization                                          (46.6)                                          (5.4)                            (52.0)
net deferred kyndryl costs                                               $16.4                                           $2.3                             $18.7
cloud services resale agreement on december 31, 2021, the company and presidio networked solutions llc ("presidio"), a reseller of services of amazon web services, inc. and its affiliates (collectively, "aws"), entered into an order form and aws private pricing addendum, dated december 31, 2021 (the "order form"), to the cloud services resale agreement, dated december 15, 2017, as amended (together with the order form, the "aws cloud agreement"), whereby presidio will resell to the company certain public cloud infrastructure and related services provided by aws for the operation, management and support of the company's cloud global distributed platforms and products. the aws cloud agreement expires on december 31, 2026. fixed minimums remaining under the aws cloud agreement at june 30, 2022 are $226.8 million in the aggregate through december 31, 2026.
investments the company has an equity method investment that is a variable interest in a variable interest entity. the company is not the primary beneficiary and therefore does not consolidate the investee. the company's potential maximum loss exposure related to its unconsolidated investment in this variable interest entity totaled $42.7 million as of june 30, 2022, which represents the carrying value of the company's investment.
in addition, as of june 30, 2022, the company also has a future commitment to fund $0.9 million to one of the company's other investees.
other commercial agreements certain of the company's subsidiaries established unsecured, uncommitted lines of credit with banks. there were no outstanding borrowings under these lines of credit at june 30, 2022.
off-balance sheet arrangements it is not our business practice to enter into off-balance sheet arrangements. however, we are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. we manage our exposure to these market risks through regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. in january 2022, we entered into a series of cross-currency swap transactions which were designated as a net investment hedge against a portion of our net investment in our euro functional subsidiaries. we were not a party to any outstanding derivative financial instruments at june 30, 2021.
in january 2022, we executed a series of cross-currency swap derivative contracts with an aggregate notional amount of eur 880 million which are designated as net investment hedges to hedge a portion of our net investment in our subsidiaries whose functional currency is the euro. the cross-currency swap derivative contracts are agreements to pay fixed-rate interest in euros and receive fixed-rate interest in u.s. dollars, thereby effectively converting a portion of our u.s. dollar denominated fixed-rate debt into euro denominated fixed-rate debt. the cross-currency swaps mature in may 2031 to coincide with the maturity of the fiscal 2021 senior notes. accordingly, foreign currency transaction gains or losses on the qualifying net investment hedge instruments are recorded as foreign currency translation within other comprehensive income (loss), net in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income and will remain in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated balance sheets until the sale or complete liquidation of the underlying foreign subsidiary. at june 30, 2022, our position on the cross-currency swaps was an asset of $101.4 million, and is recorded as part of other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheets with the offsetting amount recorded as part of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. we have elected the spot method of accounting whereby the net interest savings from the cross-currency swaps is recognized as a reduction in interest expense in our consolidated statements of earnings.
in connection with the itiviti acquisition in march 2021 we entered into two derivative instruments designed to mitigate the company's exposure to the impact of (i) changes in foreign exchange rates on the itiviti acquisition purchase consideration, and (ii) changes in interest rates on the fiscal 2021 senior notes.
in march 2021, we executed a forward foreign exchange derivative instrument ("forward") with an aggregate notional amount of eur 1.955 billion. the forward acted as an economic hedge against the impact of changes in the euro on the company's purchase consideration for the itiviti acquisition. we recorded changes in fair value of the forward as part of other non-operating income (expenses), net in the consolidated statement of earnings. in may 2021, we settled the forward derivative for a cumulative pre-tax gain of $66.7 million.
also, we executed a forward treasury lock agreement ("treasury lock"), designated as a cash flow hedge, in the aggregate notional amount of $1.0 billion to manage exposure to fluctuations in the benchmark interest rate associated with the fiscal 2021 senior notes, which were used to pay down a portion of the term credit agreement associated with the itiviti acquisition. accordingly, changes in the fair value of the treasury lock were recorded as part of other comprehensive income (loss), net each period up to when the treasury lock was settled. in may 2021, the treasury lock was settled for a pre-tax loss of $11.0 million, after which the final settlement loss will be amortized into interest expense, net ratably over the ten year term of the fiscal 2021 senior notes. the expected amount of the existing loss that will be amortized into earnings before income taxes within the next twelve months is approximately $1.1 million.
in the normal course of business, we also enter into contracts in which it makes representations and warranties that relate to the performance of our products and services. we do not expect any material losses related to such representations and warranties, or collateral arrangements.
recently-issued accounting pronouncements please refer to note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion on the impact of the adoption of new accounting pronouncements.
