item 1a.    risk factors.
set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report and in other documents we file with the sec are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report and other public statements we make. based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the matters discussed below identify the material risk factors affecting our business. however, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial, but that could later become material, may also adversely affect our business.
risks related to our business environment our performance is significantly related to general economic, political and regulatory conditions and, accordingly, our business, operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by economic slowdowns, liquidity constraints, significant rises in interest rates, significant public health events, fiscal or political uncertainty and possible subsequent downturns in commercial real estate asset values, property sales and leasing activities in the geographies or industry sectors that we or our clients serve.
periods of economic weakness or recession, fiscal or political uncertainty, market volatility, declining employment levels, declining demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, disruption to the global capital or credit markets, significant rises in interest rates or the public perception that any of these events may occur, may materially and negatively affect the performance of some or all of our business lines.
our business is significantly affected by generally prevailing economic conditions in the markets where we operate. adverse economic conditions, political or regulatory uncertainty and significant public health events can result in declines in real estate sale and leasing volumes and the value of commercial real estate. it may also lead to a decrease in funds invested in commercial real estate assets and development projects. such developments in turn may reduce our revenue from property management fees and commissions derived from property sales, leasing, valuation and financing, as well as revenues associated with development or investment management activities. for example, during the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, commercial real estate markets globally were severely impacted by a sharp decline in economic activity due to the spread of covid-19, which put downward pressure on certain parts of our business, and has likely engendered structural changes to the utilization of many types of commercial real estate, which will have ongoing repercussions for our business. our businesses could also suffer from political or economic disruptions (or the perception that such disruptions may occur) that affect interest rates or liquidity or create financial, market or regulatory uncertainty. for example, russia's invasion of ukraine in 2022 heightened risks for our operations in europe, caused us to exit most of our business in russia, and exacerbated a number of existing macroeconomic challenges that adversely impacted our markets and our business.
we also make co-investments alongside our investor clients in our development and investment management businesses. during an economic downturn, capital for our investment activities could be constrained and it may take longer for us to dispose of real estate investments or sale prices we achieve may be lower than originally anticipated. as a result, the value of our commercial real estate investments may be reduced, and we could realize losses or diminished profitability. in addition, economic downturns may reduce the volume of loans our capital markets business originates and/or services. fees within our property management business are generally based on a percentage of rent collections, making them sensitive to macroeconomic conditions that negatively impact rent collections and the performance of the properties we manage.
economic, political and regulatory uncertainty as well as significant changes and volatility in the financial markets and business environment, and in the global landscape, make it difficult for us to predict our financial performance into the future. as a result, any guidance or outlook that we provide on our performance is based on then-current conditions, and there is a risk that such guidance may turn out to be inaccurate.
adverse developments in the credit markets may materially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our investment management, development services, capital markets (including property sales and mortgage origination) and mortgage services businesses are sensitive to credit cost and availability as well as financial liquidity. additionally, the revenues in all of our businesses are dependent to some extent on the overall volume of activity (and pricing) in the commercial real estate markets.
disruptions in the credit markets may have a material adverse effect on our business of providing advisory services to owners, investors and occupiers of real estate in connection with the leasing, disposition and acquisition of property. if our clients are unable to obtain credit on favorable terms, there may be fewer property leasing, disposition and acquisition transactions. for example, in the second half of 2022, central banks around the world sharply raised interest rates in efforts to rein in inflation, reducing credit availability. less available and more expensive debt capital had pronounced effects on our capital markets, mortgage origination and property sales businesses. in addition, under such conditions, our investment management and development services businesses may be unable to attract capital or achieve returns sufficient to earn incentive fees and we may also experience losses of co-invested equity capital if any such disruption causes a prolonged decline in the value of investments made.
our operations are subject to social, political and economic risks in foreign countries as well as foreign currency volatility.
we conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the u.s. and, as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. during the year ended december 31, 2022, approximately 43% of our revenue was transacted in foreign currencies. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may result in corresponding fluctuations in revenue and earnings as well as the assets under management for our investment management business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results.
in addition, international economic trends, foreign governmental policy actions and the following factors may have a material adverse effect on the performance of our business:
•difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations among diverse geographies, languages and cultures;
•currency restrictions, transfer-pricing regulations and adverse tax consequences, which may affect our ability to transfer capital and profits;
•adverse changes in regulatory or tax requirements and regimes or uncertainty about the application of or the future of such regulatory or tax requirements and regimes;
•responsibility for complying with numerous, potentially conflicting and frequently complex and changing laws in multiple jurisdictions (e.g., with respect to data privacy and protection, corrupt practices, embargoes, trade sanctions, employment and licensing);
•the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability, including those related to public health or safety events;
•greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable or delays in client payments in some geographic regions;
•rising interest rates and less available and more expensive debt capital resulting from efforts by central banks outside the u.s. to rein in inflation;
•foreign ownership restrictions in certain countries, particularly in asia pacific and the middle east, or the risk that such restrictions will be adopted in the future; and
•changes in laws or policies governing foreign trade or investment and use of foreign operations or workers, and any negative sentiments towards multinational companies as a result of any such changes to laws or policies as well as other geopolitical risks.
we maintain anti-corruption and anti-money-laundering compliance programs throughout the company as well as programs designed to enable us to comply with any potential government economic sanctions, embargoes or other import/export controls. however, coordinating our activities to deal with the broad range of complex legal and regulatory environments in which we operate presents significant challenges. we may not be successful in complying with regulations in all situations and violations may result in criminal or material civil sanctions and other costs against us or our employees, and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business. furthermore, our efforts to comply with developments in these laws may adversely impact our business. for example, in 2022, we exited most of our business in russia in light of newly adopted u.s. sanctions.
we have committed additional resources to expand our worldwide sales and marketing activities, to globalize our service offerings and products in select markets and to develop local sales and support channels. if we are unable to successfully implement these plans, maintain adequate long-term strategies that successfully manage the risks associated with our global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. in addition, we have established operations and seek to grow our presence in many emerging markets to further expand our global platform. however, we may not be successful in effectively evaluating and monitoring the key business, operational, legal and compliance risks specific to those markets. the political and cultural risks present in emerging countries could also harm our ability to successfully execute our operations or manage our businesses there.
risks related to our operations we have numerous local, regional and global competitors across all of our business lines and the geographies that we serve, and further industry consolidation, fragmentation or innovation could lead to significant future competition.
we compete across a variety of business disciplines within the commercial real estate services and investment industry, including property management, facilities management, project and transaction management, tenant and landlord leasing, capital markets solutions (property sales and commercial mortgage origination) and mortgage services, flexible space solutions, real estate investment management, valuation, loan servicing, development services and proprietary research. although we are the largest commercial real estate services firm in the world in terms of 2022 revenue, our relative competitive position varies significantly across geographies, property types and services and business lines.
depending on the geography, property type or service or business line, we face competition from other commercial real estate services providers and investment firms, including outsourcing companies that traditionally competed in limited portions of our facilities management business and have expanded their offerings from time to time, in-house corporate real estate departments, developers, flexible space providers, institutional lenders, insurance companies, investment banking firms, investment managers and accounting and consulting firms. some of these firms may have greater financial resources allocated to a particular geography, property type or service or business line than we have allocated to that geography, property type, service or business line. in addition, future changes in laws could lead to the entry of other new competitors, such as financial institutions.
although many of our existing competitors are local or regional firms that are smaller than we are, some of these competitors are larger on a local or regional basis. we are further subject to competition from large national and multi-national firms that have similar service and investment competencies to ours, and it is possible that further industry consolidation could lead to much larger and more formidable competitors globally or in the particular geographies, property types, service or business lines that we serve. in addition, disruptive innovation by existing or new competitors could alter the competitive landscape in the future and require us to accurately identify and assess such changes and make timely and effective changes to our strategies and business model to compete effectively. furthermore, we are substantially dependent on long-term client relationships and on revenue received for services under various service agreements. many of these agreements may be canceled by the client for any reason with as little as 30 to 60 days' notice, as is typical in the industry.
in this competitive market, if we are unable to effectively execute on our strategy and differentiate ourselves from our competitors, maintain long-term client relationships or are otherwise unable to retain existing clients and develop new clients, our business, results of operations and/or financial condition may be materially adversely affected. there is no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively, to maintain current fee levels or margins, or maintain or increase our market share.
our growth and financial performance have benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not perform as expected and similar opportunities may not be available in the future.
acquisitions have accounted for a significant component of our growth over time. any future growth through acquisitions will depend in part upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at attractive prices, terms and conditions, as well as sufficient liquidity and credit to fund these acquisitions. we may incur significant additional debt from time to time to finance any such acquisitions, which could increase the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt. acquisitions involve risks that business judgments made concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired may prove to be incorrect. future acquisitions and any necessary related financings also may involve significant transaction-related expenses, which could include severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among others.
we have had, and may continue to experience, challenges in integrating operations and information technology systems acquired from other companies. this could result in the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns and the potential loss of our key employees or clients or those of the acquired operations. the integration process itself may be costly and may adversely impact our business and the acquired company's business as it requires coordination of geographically diverse organizations and implementation of accounting and information technology systems.
we complete acquisitions with the expectation that they will result in various benefits, but the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions are subject to a number of uncertainties, including the ability to timely realize accretive benefits, the level of attrition from professionals licensed or associated with the acquired companies and whether we can successfully integrate the acquired business. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our overall business, financial condition and operating results.
our brand and reputation are key assets of our company, and our business may be affected by how we are perceived in the marketplace.
our brand and reputation are key assets, and we believe our continued success depends on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. our ability to attract and retain clients is highly dependent upon the external perceptions of our level of service, trustworthiness, business practices, management, workplace culture, financial condition, our response to unexpected events and other subjective qualities. negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters, even if related to seemingly isolated incidents and whether or not factually correct, could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential clients, which could make it difficult for us to attract new clients and maintain existing ones. negative public opinion could result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities or circumstances, including handling of complaints, regulatory compliance, such as compliance with government sanctions, the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa), the u.k. bribery act and other antibribery, anti-money laundering and corruption laws, the use and protection of client and other sensitive information and from actions taken by regulators or others in response to such conduct. furthermore, as a company with headquarters and operations located in the u.s., a negative perception of the u.s. arising from its political or other positions could harm the perception of our company and our brand abroad. although we monitor developments for areas of potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity would materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. social media channels can also cause rapid, widespread reputational harm to our brand. our brand and reputation may also be harmed by the actions of third parties that are outside of our control, including vendors and joint venture partners.
the protection of our brand, including related trademarks, may require the expenditure of significant financial and operational resources. moreover, the steps we take to protect our brand may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our trademarks. even when we detect infringement or misappropriation of our trademarks, we may not be able to enforce all such trademarks. any unauthorized use by third parties of our brand may adversely affect our brand. furthermore, as we continue to expand our business, especially internationally, there is a risk we may face claims of infringement or other alleged violations of third-party intellectual property rights, which may restrict us from leveraging our brand in a manner consistent with our business goals.
our real estate investments businesses, including our real estate investment programs and co-investment activities, subject us to performance and real estate investment risks which could cause fluctuations in our earnings and cash flow and impact our ability to raise capital for future investments.
the revenue, net income and cash flow generated by our investment management business line within our real estate investments segment can be volatile primarily because the management, transaction and incentive fees can vary as a result of market movements. in the event that any of the investment programs that our investment management business manages were to perform poorly, our revenue, net income and cash flow could decline because the value of the assets we manage would decrease, which would result in a reduction in some of our management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the incentive compensation we earn. moreover, we could experience losses on co-investments of our own capital in such programs as a result of poor performance. investors and potential investors in our programs continually assess our performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future programs and maintaining our current fee structure will depend on our continued satisfactory performance.
an important part of the strategy for our real estate investments segment involves co-investing our capital in certain real estate investments with our clients, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. as of december 31, 2022, we had a net investment of approximately $339.8 million and had committed $106.9 million to fund future co-investments in our investment funds, approximately $47.3 million of which is expected to be funded during 2023. in addition to required future capital contributions, some of the co-investment entities may request additional capital from us and our subsidiaries holding investments in those assets. the failure to provide these contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests in these investments, including damage to our reputation with our co-investment partners and clients, as well as the necessity of obtaining alternative funding from other sources that may be on disadvantageous terms for us and the other co-investors. participating as a co-investor is an important part of our investment management line of business, which might suffer if we were unable to make these investments.
selective investment in real estate projects is critical to our development services business strategy within our real estate investments segment, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. as of december 31, 2022, we were involved as a principal in 29 real estate projects that were consolidated in our financial statements with invested equity of $471.8 million and co-invested with our clients in approximately 135 unconsolidated real estate projects with a net investment of $283.0 million. we had committed additional capital of $81.0 million and $85.9 million to consolidated and unconsolidated projects, respectively, as of december 31, 2022.
during the ordinary course of business within our development services business line, we provide numerous completion and budget guarantees requiring us to complete the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. there can be no assurance that we will not have to perform under any such guarantees. if we are required to perform under a significant number of such guarantees, it could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
because the disposition of a single significant investment can affect our financial performance in any period, our real estate investment activities could cause fluctuations in our net earnings and cash flow. in many cases, we have limited control over the timing of the disposition of these investments and the recognition of any related gain or loss, or incentive participation fee.
the success of our global workplace solutions segment depends on our ability to enter into mutually beneficial contracts, deliver high quality levels of service and accurately assess working capital requirements.
contracts for our global workplace solutions clients often include complex terms regarding payment of fees, risk transfer, liability limitations, termination, due diligence and transition timeframes. further, the facilities management and project management businesses within our global workplace solutions segment are often impacted by transition activities in the first year of a contract as well as the timing of starting operations on these large client contracts. if we are unable to negotiate contracts with our clients in a timely manner and on mutually beneficial terms, or there is a delay in becoming fully operational, our business and results of operation may be negatively impacted. further, if we fail to deliver the high-quality levels of service expected by our clients, it may result in reputational and financial damage, and could impact our ability to retain existing clients and attract new clients.
our global workplace solutions segment also requires us to accurately model the working capital needs of this business. should we fail to accurately assess working capital requirements, the cash flow generated by this business may be adversely impacted. in addition, if we do not accurately assess the creditworthiness of a client or if a client's creditworthiness changes during the term of the contract, we could potentially be unable to collect on any outstanding payments.
a significant portion of our loan origination and servicing business depends upon our relationships with u.s. government sponsored enterprises.
a significant portion of our loan origination and servicing business (which we conduct through certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries) depends upon our relationship with the federal national mortgage association (fannie mae), and the federal home loan mortgage corporation (freddie mac), collectively the government sponsored enterprises (gses). as an approved seller/servicer for the gses, we are required to comply with various eligibility criteria and are required to originate and service loans in accordance with their individual program requirements, including participation in loss sharing and repurchase arrangements. failure to comply with these requirements may result in termination or withdrawal of our approval to sell and service the gse loans.
a failure by third parties to comply with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements could result in economic and reputational harm to us.
we rely on third parties, and in some cases subcontractors, to perform activities on behalf of our organization to improve quality, increase efficiencies, cut costs and lower operational risks across our business and support functions. we have instituted a supplier code of conduct, which is intended to communicate to our vendors the standards of conduct we expect them to uphold. our contracts with vendors typically impose a contractual obligation to comply with our supplier code of conduct. in addition, we leverage technology to help us better screen vendors, with the aim of gaining a deeper understanding of the compliance, data privacy, health and safety, environmental, sustainability and other risks posed to our business by potential and existing vendors. if our third parties do not have the proper safeguards and controls in place, or appropriate oversight cannot be provided, we could be exposed to increased operational, regulatory, financial or reputational risks. a failure by third parties to comply with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements in a high quality and timely manner could result in economic and reputational harm to us. in addition, these third parties face their own technology, operating, business and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee or company information, could cause damage to our reputation and harm to our business.
our success depends upon the retention of our senior management, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees.
our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees. while certain of our executive officers and key employees are subject to long-term compensatory arrangements, there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain all key members of our senior management. we also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals, who generate a significant amount of our revenues, as well as other revenue producing professionals. the departure of any of our key employees, or the loss of a significant number of key revenue producers, if we are unable to quickly hire and integrate qualified replacements, including diverse talent, could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to materially suffer. competition for employee talent is intense and we may not be able to successfully recruit, integrate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel, including diverse talent. in addition, the growth of our business is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel in all areas of our business. if we were to experience significant employee attrition or turnover, it could lead to increased recruitment and training costs as well as operating inefficiencies that could adversely impact our results of operation. we and our competitors use equity incentives and sign-on and retention bonuses to help attract, retain and incentivize key personnel. as competition is significant for the services of such personnel, the expense of such incentives and bonuses may increase, which could negatively impact our profitability, or result in our inability to attract or retain such personnel to the same extent that we have in the past. if we are unable to attract and retain these qualified personnel, our growth may be limited, and our business and operating results could materially suffer.
if we are unable to manage the organizational challenges associated with our global operations, we might be unable to achieve our business objectives.
our global operations present significant management and organizational challenges. it might become increasingly difficult to maintain effective standards across a large enterprise and effectively institutionalize our knowledge. it might also become more difficult to maintain our culture, effectively manage and monitor our personnel and operations and effectively communicate our core values, policies and procedures, strategies and goals. the size of our employee base increases the possibility that we will have individuals who engage in unlawful or fraudulent activity, or otherwise expose us to business and reputational risks. if we are not successful in continuing to develop and implement the processes and tools designed to manage our enterprise and instill our culture and core values into all of our employees, our reputation and ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. in addition, from time to time, we have made, and may continue to make, changes to our operating model, including how we are organized, as the needs and size of our business change. if we do not successfully implement any such changes, our business and results of operation may be negatively and materially impacted.
our policies, procedures and programs to safeguard the health, safety and security of our employees and others may not be adequate.
we have approximately 115,000 employees (excluding turner & townsend employees) as well as independent contractors working in over 100 countries. we have undertaken to implement what we believe to be best practices to safeguard the health, safety and security of our employees, independent contractors, clients and others at our worksites. however, if these policies, procedures and programs are not adequate, or employees do not receive related adequate training or follow them for any reason, the consequences may be severe to us, including serious injury or loss of life, which could impair our operations and cause us to incur significant legal liability or fines as well as reputational damage. our insurance may not cover, or may be insufficient to cover, any legal liability or fines that we incur for health, safety or security incidents.
we may be subject to actual or perceived conflicts of interest.
similar to other global services companies with different business lines and a broad client base, we may be subject to potential conflicts of interests in the provision of our services. for example, conflicts may arise from our role in advising or representing both owners and tenants in commercial real estate lease transactions. in certain cases, we are also subject to fiduciary obligations to our clients. in such situations, our policies are designed to give full disclosure and transparency to all parties as well as implement appropriate barriers on information-sharing and other activities to ensure each party's interests are protected; however, there can be no assurance that our policies will be successful in every case. if we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and appropriately address potential conflicts of interest or fiduciary obligations, there could be an adverse effect on our business or reputation regardless of whether any such claims have merit. in addition, it is possible that in some jurisdictions, regulations could be changed to limit our ability to act for certain parties where potential conflicts may exist even with informed consent, which could limit our market share in those markets. there can be no assurance that potential conflicts of interest will not materially adversely affect us.
infrastructure disruptions may disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect the value of real estate investments we make on behalf of clients.
our ability to conduct a global business may be adversely impacted by disruptions to the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which they are located. this may include disruptions as a result of political instability, public health crises, attacks on our information technology systems, war or other hostilities, terrorist attacks, interruptions or delays in services from third-party data center hosting facilities or cloud computing platform providers, employee errors or malfeasance, building defects, utility outages, the effects of climate change and natural disasters such as fires, earthquakes, floods and hurricanes. the infrastructure disruptions we may experience as a result of such events could also disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect the value of our real estate investments in our investment management and development services businesses. furthermore, to the extent climate change causes changes in weather patterns, certain regions where we operate could experience increases in storm intensity, extreme temperatures, rising sea-levels and/or drought. over time, these conditions could result in declining demand for commercial real estate, decreased value of any real estate investments we hold in those regions or result in increases in our operating costs. the buildings we manage for clients, which include some of the world's largest office properties and retail centers, are used by people daily. we also manage the critical facilities (including data centers) that our clients rely on to serve the public and their customers, where unplanned downtime could potentially disrupt other parts of their businesses or society. as a result, fires, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, other natural disasters, building defects, acts of war, terrorist attacks, mass shootings or infrastructure disruptions can result in significant loss of life or injury, and, to the extent we are held to have been negligent in connection with our management of the affected properties, we could incur significant financial liabilities and reputational harm.
our joint venture activities and affiliate program involve risks that are often outside of our control and that, if realized, could materially harm our business.
we have utilized joint ventures for commercial investments, select local brokerage and other affiliations both in the u.s. and internationally, and we may acquire interests in other joint ventures in the future. under our affiliate program, we enter into contractual relationships with local brokerage, property management or other operations pursuant to which we license to that operation our name and make available certain of our resources, in exchange for a royalty or economic participation in that operation's revenue, profits or transactional activity. in many of these joint ventures and affiliations, we may not have the right or power to direct the management and policies of the joint ventures or affiliates, and other participants or operators of affiliates may take action contrary to our instructions or requests and against our policies and objectives. in addition, the other participants and operators may become bankrupt or have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. if a joint venture participant or affiliate acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition.
a significant portion of our revenue is seasonal, which could cause our financial results to fluctuate significantly.
a significant portion of our revenue is seasonal. historically, our revenue, operating income, net income and cash flow from operating activities tend to be lowest in the first calendar quarter, and highest in the fourth calendar quarter of each year. earnings and cash flow have generally been concentrated in the fourth calendar quarter due to the focus on completing sales, financing and leasing transactions prior to calendar year-end. this variance among periods makes it difficult to compare our financial condition and results of operations on a quarter-by-quarter basis. in addition, as a result of the seasonal nature of our business, political, economic or other unforeseen disruptions occurring in the fourth quarter, particularly those that impact our ability to close large transactions, may have a proportionally larger effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to our indebtedness our debt instruments impose operating and financial restrictions on us, and in the event of a default, all of our borrowings would become immediately due and payable.
as of december 31, 2022, our total debt, excluding notes payable on real estate (which are generally non-recourse to us) and warehouse lines of credit (which are recourse only to our wholly-owned subsidiary, cbre capital markets, and are secured by our related warehouse receivables), was $1.7 billion. for the year ended december 31, 2022, our interest expense was $97.5 million.
our debt instruments impose, and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us and many of our subsidiaries. these restrictions affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, our ability to:
•plan for or react to market conditions;
•meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and
•finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our interest, including:
◦incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness;
◦entering into mergers and consolidations;
◦creating liens; and
◦entering into sale/leaseback transactions.
our credit agreements require us to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of consolidated ebitda (as defined in the applicable credit agreement) to consolidated interest expense (as defined in the applicable credit agreement) and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt (as defined in the applicable credit agreement) less available cash (as defined in the applicable credit agreement) to consolidated ebitda as of the end of each fiscal quarter. our ability to meet these financial ratios may be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot give assurance that we will be able to meet those ratios when required. we continue to monitor our projected compliance with these financial ratios and other terms of our credit agreements.
a breach of any of these restrictive covenants or the inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our debt instruments. if any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreements and noteholders with respect to our senior notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. the lenders under our credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. in addition, a default under our credit agreements or senior notes could trigger a cross default or cross acceleration under our other debt instruments.
we have limited restrictions on the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, which may intensify the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness. in addition, in the event of a credit-ratings downgrade, our ability to borrow and the costs of such borrowings could be adversely affected.
subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted by our credit agreement covenants, we are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, and so we may in the future incur such indebtedness in order to finance our operations and investments. in addition, moody's investors service, inc. and standard & poor's ratings services, rate our significant outstanding debt. these ratings, and any downgrades of them, may affect our ability to borrow as well as the costs of our current and future borrowings.
our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly and potentially limit our ability to effectively refinance our indebtedness as it matures.
borrowings under certain of our indebtedness bear interest at variable rates and expose us to interest rate risk. if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed will remain the same, and our net income and operating cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease.
additionally, our ability to refinance portions of our indebtedness in advance of their maturity dates depends on securing new financing bearing interest at rates that we are able to service. while we believe that we currently have adequate cash flows to service the interest rates currently applicable to our indebtedness, if interest rate were to continue to rise significantly, we might be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to meet our debt service obligations at such increased rates.
risks related to our information technology, cybersecurity and data protection failure to maintain and execute information technology strategies and ensure that our employees adapt to changes in technology could materially and adversely affect our ability to remain competitive in the market.
our business relies heavily on information technology, including solutions provided by third parties, to deliver services that meet the needs of our clients. if we are unable to effectively execute or maintain our information technology strategies or adopt new technologies and processes relevant to our service platform, our ability to deliver high-quality services may be materially impaired. in addition, we make significant investments in new systems and tools to achieve competitive advantages and efficiencies. implementation of such investments in information technology could exceed estimated budgets and we may experience challenges that prevent new strategies or technologies from being realized according to anticipated schedules. if we are unable to maintain current information technology and processes or encounter delays, or fail to exploit new technologies, then the execution of our business plans may be disrupted. similarly, our employees require effective tools and techniques to perform functions integral to our business. failure to successfully provide such tools and systems, or ensure that employees have properly adopted them, could materially and adversely impact our ability to achieve positive business outcomes.
interruption or failure of our information technology, communications systems or data services could impair our ability to provide our services effectively, which could damage our reputation and materially harm our operating results.
our business requires the continued operation of information technology and communication systems and network infrastructure. our ability to conduct our global business may be materially adversely affected by disruptions to these systems or our infrastructure. our information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or disruption from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, system malfunctions, computer viruses, cyberattacks, natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and floods, acts of war or terrorism, employee errors or malfeasance, or other events which are beyond our control. cyberattacks and viruses pose growing threats to many companies, and we have been a target and may continue to be a target of such threats, which could expose us to liability, reputational harm and significant remediation costs and cause material harm to our business and financial results. in addition, the operation and maintenance of these systems and networks is in some cases dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss, corruption or exposure of critical data or intellectual property and may also disrupt our ability to provide services to or interact with our clients, contractors and vendors, and we may not be able to successfully implement contingency plans that depend on communication or travel. furthermore, while we have certain business interruption and cyber insurance coverage and various contractual arrangements that can serve to mitigate costs, damages and liabilities, any such event could result in substantial recovery and remediation costs and liability to customers, business partners and other third parties. we have crises management, business continuity and disaster recovery plans and backup systems to reduce the potentially adverse effect of such events, but our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient and cannot account for all eventualities, and a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our data centers and third-party cloud hosting providers or our critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations, and as a result, our future operating results could be materially adversely affected.
our business relies heavily on the use of commercial real estate data. a portion of this data is purchased or licensed from third-party providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability or accuracy. a disruption of our ability to provide data to our professionals and/or our clients or an inadvertent exposure of proprietary data could damage our reputation and competitive position, and our operating results could be adversely affected.
failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks, including personal information and other client information, intellectual property and proprietary business information could materially adversely affect us.
security breaches and other disruptions of our information and technology networks, as well as that of third-party vendors, could compromise our information and intellectual property and expose us to liability, reputational harm and significant remediation costs, which could cause material harm to our business and financial results. in the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and intellectual property, and that of our clients and personal information (also referred to as "personal data" or "personally identifiable information") of our employees, contractors and vendors, in our data centers, networks and third-party cloud hosting providers. the secure collection, use, storage, retention, maintenance, sharing, processing, transfer, transmission, disclosure, and protection (collectively, "processing") of this information is critical to our operations. although we and our vendors continue to implement new security measures and regularly conduct employee training, our information technology and infrastructure may nevertheless be vulnerable to cyberattacks by third parties or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. these risks have been heightened in connection with the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine and we cannot be certain how this new risk landscape will impact our operations. when geopolitical conflicts develop, critical infrastructures may be targeted by state-sponsored cyberattacks even if they are not directly involved in the conflict. an increasing number of companies that rely on information and technology networks have disclosed breaches of their security, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on portions of their websites or infrastructure. the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service, or sabotage systems, change frequently, may be difficult to detect, and often are not recognized until launched against a target. to date, we have not yet experienced any cybersecurity breaches that have been material, either individually or in the aggregate. however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent any material events from occurring in the future.
our business is subject to complex and evolving united states and international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity. many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation and could result in claims, increased cost of operations or otherwise harm our business.
we are subject to numerous united states federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and cybersecurity that govern the processing of certain data (including personal information, sensitive information, health information, and other regulated data). for example, the european union general data protection regulation (gdpr) became effective on may 25, 2018, and has resulted and will continue to result in significantly greater compliance burdens and costs for businesses with users and operations in the european union (eu) and european economic area (eea), including with respect to cross-border transfers of personal information. under gdpr, fines of up to 20 million euros or up to 4% of the annual global revenues of the infringer, whichever is greater, can be imposed for violations. in addition, the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa) took effect on january 1, 2020, which broadly defines personal information, gives california residents expanded privacy rights and protections, and provides for civil penalties for certain violations. furthermore, in november 2020, california voters passed the california privacy rights and enforcement act of 2020 (cpra), which amends and expands ccpa with additional data privacy compliance requirements and establishes a regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing those requirements. additional countries, including brazil and china, and states including virginia, colorado, utah, and connecticut, have also passed comprehensive privacy laws with additional obligations and requirements on businesses. these laws and regulations are increasing in severity, complexity and number, change frequently, and increasingly conflict among the various jurisdictions in which we operate, which has resulted in greater compliance risk and cost for us. in addition, we are also subject to the possibility of security breaches and other incidents, which themselves may result in a violation of these laws.
a significant actual or potential theft, loss, corruption, exposure, fraudulent use or misuse of client, employee or other personal information or proprietary business data, whether by third parties or as a result of employee malfeasance or otherwise, perceived or actual non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or intellectual property or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could result in significant remediation and other costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us. such an event could additionally disrupt our operations and the services we provide to clients, harm our relationships with contractors and vendors, damage our reputation, result in the loss of a competitive advantage, impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial data and cause a loss of confidence in our services and financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business, revenues, competitive position and investor confidence. additionally, we rely on third parties to support our information and technology networks, including cloud storage solution providers, and as a result have less direct control over our data and information technology systems. such third parties are also vulnerable to security breaches and compromised security systems, for which we may not be indemnified and which could materially adversely affect us and our reputation.
legal and regulatory related risks we are subject to various litigation and regulatory risks and may face financial liabilities and/or damage to our reputation as a result of litigation or regulatory investigations or proceedings.
our businesses are exposed to various litigation and regulatory risks, especially within our valuations business. although we maintain insurance coverage for most of this risk, insurance coverage is unavailable at commercially reasonable pricing for certain types of exposures. additionally, our insurance policies may not cover us in the event of grossly negligent or intentionally wrongful conduct. accordingly, an adverse result in a litigation against us, or a lawsuit that results in a substantial legal liability for us (and particularly a lawsuit that is not insured), could have a disproportionate and material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, an adverse result in regulatory proceedings, if applicable, could result in fines or other liabilities or adversely impact our operations. prolonged or complex investigations, even if they do not result in regulatory or other proceedings or adverse findings, may result in significant costs that may not be covered by insurance and in diversion of employee resources. in addition, we depend on our business relationships and our reputation for high-caliber professional services to attract and retain clients. as a result, allegations against us, or the announcement of a regulatory investigation involving us, irrespective of the ultimate outcome of that allegation or investigation, may harm our professional reputation and as such materially damage our business and its prospects.
our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected by new laws or regulations or by changes in existing laws or regulations or the application thereof. if we fail to comply with laws and regulations applicable to us, or make incorrect determinations in complex tax regimes, we may incur material financial penalties.
we are subject to numerous federal, state, local and non-u.s. laws and regulations specific to the services we perform in our business. brokerage of real estate sales and leasing transactions and the provision of property management and valuation services require us and our employees to maintain applicable licenses in each u.s. state and certain non-u.s. jurisdictions in which we perform these services. if we and our employees fail to maintain our licenses or conduct these activities without a license, or violate any of the regulations covering our licenses, we may be required to pay fines (including treble damages in certain states) or return commissions received or have our licenses suspended or revoked. a number of our services, including the services provided by our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, cbre capital markets and cbre investment management, are subject to regulation by the sec, financial industry regulatory authority (finra), or other self-regulatory organizations and state securities regulators and compliance failures or regulatory action could adversely affect our business. we could be subject to disciplinary or other actions in the future due to claimed noncompliance with these regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
we are also subject to laws of broader applicability, such as tax, securities, environmental, employment laws and anti-bribery, anti-money laundering and corruption laws, including the fair labor standards act, occupational health and safety regulations, u.s. state wage-and-hour laws, the u.s. fcpa and the u.k. bribery act. failure to comply with these requirements could result in the imposition of significant fines by governmental authorities, awards of damages to private litigants and significant amounts paid in legal fees or settlements of these matters.
telford homes, our residential development subsidiary in the u.k., is subject to certain recently promulgated u.k. laws and requirements that will obligate u.k. homebuilders to remediate or fund the remediation work relating to certain fire-safety issues on their constructed buildings. the aggregate costs and liabilities related to these remediations are uncertain and may be material. in the event telford homes is unable to satisfy its obligations and liabilities under such government requirements and u.k. laws, telford homes and potentially its affiliates could face material business interruption, litigation, liabilities and reputational damage.
as the size and scope of our business has increased significantly, compliance with numerous licensing and other regulatory requirements and the possible loss resulting from non-compliance have both increased. new or revised legislation or regulations applicable to our business, both within and outside of the u.s., as well as changes in administrations or enforcement priorities may have an adverse effect on our business, including increasing the costs of regulatory compliance or preventing us from providing certain types of services in certain jurisdictions or in connection with certain transactions or clients. we are unable to predict how any of these new laws, rules, regulations and proposals will be implemented or in what form, or whether any additional or similar changes to laws or regulations, including the interpretation or implementation thereof, will occur in the future. any such action could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways and could have an adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social and governance (esg) matters, that could expose us to numerous risks.
recently, there has been heightened interest from advocacy groups, government agencies and the general public in esg matters and increasingly regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are focusing on esg matters and related disclosures. such governmental, investor and societal attention to esg matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report.
we are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the sec, the new york stock exchange and the financial accounting standards board. further, new and emerging regulatory initiatives in the u.s., eu and u.k. related to climate change and esg could adversely affect our business, including, for example, initiatives such as the european commission's may 2018 "action plan on financing sustainable growth" and taskforce on climate-related financial disclosures (tcfd)-aligned disclosure requirements in the u.k. these and other rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by the u.s. congress, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. these changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. for example, developing and acting on new or ongoing initiatives within the scope of esg, and collecting, measuring and reporting esg related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming and subject to evolving reporting standards, including the sec's recently proposed climate-related reporting requirements, and similar proposals by other international regulatory bodies. further, we may choose to communicate certain initiatives and goals, regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing and social investments and other esg related matters, in our sec filings or in other public disclosures. these initiatives and goals within the scope of esg could be difficult and expensive to implement and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. statements about our esg related initiatives and goals, and progress against those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. we could also be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions thereto. if we are unable to adequately address such esg matters or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our goals within the scope of esg on a timely basis, or at all, or if we or our borrowers fail or are perceived to fail to comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results.
exposure to additional tax liabilities and changes in tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our financial results.
we operate in many jurisdictions with complex and varied tax regimes and are subject to different forms of taxation resulting in a variable effective tax rate. due to the different tax laws in the many jurisdictions where we operate, we are often required to make subjective determinations. the tax authorities in the various jurisdictions where we carry on business may not agree with the determinations that are made by us with respect to the application of tax law. such disagreements could result in disputes and, ultimately, in the payment of additional funds to the government authorities in the jurisdictions where we carry on business, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, changes in tax rules or the outcome of tax assessments and audits could have an adverse effect on our results in any particular quarter.
in addition, changes in tax laws or regulations, including developments arising from proposed u.s. tax legislation, the final form of which is uncertain and multi-jurisdictional changes enacted in response to the action items provided by the organization for economic co-operation and development (oecd), increase tax uncertainty and could impact the company's effective tax rate and provision for income taxes. given the unpredictability of possible further changes to and the potential interdependency of the united states or foreign tax laws and regulations, it is difficult to predict the cumulative effect of such tax laws and regulations on the company's results of operations.
we may be subject to environmental liability as a result of our role as a property or facility manager or developer of real estate.
various laws and regulations impose liability on real property owners or operators for the cost of investigating, cleaning up or removing contamination caused by hazardous or toxic substances at a property. in our role as a property or facility manager or developer, we could be held liable as an operator for such costs. this liability may be imposed without regard to the legality of the original actions and without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. if we fail to disclose environmental issues, we could also be liable to a buyer or lessee of a property. if we incur any such liability, our business could suffer significantly as it could be difficult for us to develop or sell such properties, or borrow funds using such properties as collateral. in the event of a substantial liability, our insurance coverage might be insufficient to pay the full damages, or the scope of available coverage may not cover certain of these liabilities. additionally, liabilities incurred to comply with more stringent future environmental requirements could adversely affect any or all of our lines of business.
risks related to our internal controls and accounting policies if we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and our results of operations and stock price could be materially adversely affected.
the accuracy of our financial reporting is dependent on the effectiveness of our internal controls. we are required to provide a report from management to our stockholders on our internal control over financial reporting that includes an assessment of the effectiveness of these controls. internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations, including human error, the possibility that controls could be circumvented or become inadequate because of changed conditions, and fraud. because of these inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting might not prevent or detect all misstatements or fraud. if we cannot maintain and execute adequate internal control over financial reporting or implement required new or improved controls that provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of the financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external use, we could suffer harm to our reputation, incur incremental compliance costs, fail to meet our public reporting requirements on a timely basis, be unable to properly report on our business and our results of operations, or be required to restate our financial statements, and our results of operations, our stock price and our ability to obtain new business could be materially adversely affected.
our goodwill and other intangible assets could become impaired, which may require us to take material non-cash charges against earnings.
under current accounting guidelines, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets has been impaired. any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of such analysis would result in a non-cash charge against earnings, and such charge could materially adversely affect our reported results of operations, stockholders' equity and our stock price. a significant and sustained decline in our future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the economic environment, slower growth rates or if our stock price falls below our net book value per share for a sustained period, could result in the need to perform additional impairment analysis in future periods. if we were to conclude that a future write-down of goodwill or other intangible assets is necessary, then we would record such additional charges, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
risks related to our investments we have equity investments in certain companies or projects that we do not control, which subject us to risks related to their respective businesses.
as of december 31, 2022, we had over $1.3 billion invested in certain companies and projects that we do not control that were accounted for under the cost method of accounting, equity method or fair value. these investments are subject to risks related to the businesses in which we invest, which may be different than the risks inherent in our own business. factors beyond our control can significantly influence the value of these investments and may cause their fair value to decrease or adversely impact our ability to recognize a gain on such investments. these factors include decisions made by management or controlling stockholders of such businesses, who may have interests different than those of cbre, and instability in the capital markets. any of these factors, among others, could cause an impairment, realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in the future, we may acquire more equity investments that are not consolidated and may sponsor additional special purpose acquisition companies (spacs), which could increase our exposure to the risks described above.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is designed to provide the reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results. this md&a should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2021 and comparisons between the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 is included in part ii, item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the company's 2021 annual report filed with the sec on february 28, 2022.
overview we are the world's largest commercial real estate services and investment firm, based on 2022 revenue, with leading global market positions in our leasing, property sales, occupier outsourcing and valuation businesses. as of december 31, 2022, the company has approximately 115,000 employees (excluding turner & townsend employees) serving clients in more than 100 countries.
we provide services to real estate investors and occupiers. for investors, our services include capital markets (property sales and mortgage origination), mortgage sales and servicing, property leasing, investment management, property management, valuation and development services, among others. for occupiers, our services include facilities management, project management and transaction (property sales and leasing) and consulting services, among others. we provide services under the following brand names: "cbre" (real estate advisory and outsourcing services); "cbre investment management" (investment management); "trammell crow company" (primarily u.s. development); "telford homes" (u.k. development); and "turner & townsend holdings limited" (turner & townsend).
we generate revenue from stable, recurring sources (large multi-year portfolio and per project contracts) and from cyclical, non-recurring sources, including commissions on transactions. our revenue mix has become heavily weighted towards stable revenue sources, particularly occupier outsourcing, and our dependence on cyclical property sales and lease transaction revenue has declined. we believe we are well-positioned to capture a substantial and growing share of market opportunities at a time when investors and occupiers increasingly prefer to purchase integrated, account-based services on a national and global basis.
in 2022, we generated revenue from a highly diversified base of clients, including more than 95 of the fortune 100 companies. we have been an s&p 500 company since 2006 and in 2022 we were ranked #126 on the fortune 500. we have been voted the most recognized commercial real estate brand in the lipsey company survey for 22 years in a row (including 2022). we have also been rated a world's most ethical company by the ethisphere institute for nine consecutive years (including 2022, the most recent year the award has been announced), and included in the dow jones world sustainability index for four years in a row and the bloomberg gender-equality index for four years in a row (including 2023).
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with gaap, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts. the estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and on other factors that we believe to be reasonable. actual results may differ from those estimates. we believe that the following critical accounting policies represent the areas where more significant judgments and estimates are used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition to recognize revenue in a transaction with a customer, we evaluate the five steps of the accounting standards codification (asc) topic 606 revenue recognition framework: (1) identify the contract; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the performance obligations are satisfied.
our revenue recognition policies are consistent with this five step framework. understanding the complex terms of agreements and determining the appropriate time, amount, and method to recognize revenue for each transaction requires significant judgement. these significant judgements include: (i) determining what point in time or what measure of progress depicts the transfer of control to the customer; (ii) applying the series guidance to certain performance obligations satisfied over time; (iii) estimating how and when contingencies, or other forms of variable consideration, will impact the timing and amount of recognition of revenue and (iv) determining whether we control third party services before they are transferred to the customer in order to appropriately recognize the associated fees on either a gross or net basis. the timing and amount of revenue recognition in a period could vary if different judgments were made. our revenues subject to the most judgment are brokerage commission revenue, incentive-based management fees, development fees and third party fees associated with our occupier outsourcing and property management services. for a detailed discussion of our revenue recognition policies, see the revenue recognition section within note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
business combinations, goodwill and other intangible assets our acquisitions require the application of purchase accounting, which results in tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities of the acquired entity being recorded at fair value. the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. deferred consideration arrangements granted in connection with a business combination are evaluated to determine whether all or a portion is, in substance, additional purchase price or compensation for services. additional purchase price is added to the fair value of consideration transferred in the business combination and compensation is included in operating expenses in the period it is incurred. in determining the fair values of assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, we use a variety of valuation methods including present value, depreciated replacement cost, market values (where available) and selling prices less costs to dispose. we are responsible for determining the valuation of assets and liabilities and for the allocation of purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
assumptions must often be made in determining fair values, particularly where observable market values do not exist. assumptions may include discount rates, growth rates, cost of capital, royalty rates, tax rates and remaining useful lives. these assumptions can have a significant impact on the value of identifiable assets and accordingly can impact the value of goodwill recorded. different assumptions could result in different values being attributed to assets and liabilities. since these values impact the amount of annual depreciation and amortization expense, different assumptions could also impact our statement of operations and could impact the results of future asset impairment reviews.
we are required to test goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives for impairment at least annually, or more often if circumstances or events indicate a change in the impairment status, in accordance with asc topic 350, "intangibles - goodwill and other" (topic 350). we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment with respect to any of our reporting units to determine whether a quantitative impairment test is needed. we are permitted to assess based on qualitative factors whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount before applying the quantitative goodwill impairment test. if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we would conduct a quantitative goodwill impairment test. if not, we do not need to apply the quantitative test. the qualitative test is elective and we can go directly to the quantitative test rather than making a more-likely-than-not assessment based on an evaluation of qualitative factors. when performing a quantitative test, we use a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. management's judgment is required in developing the assumptions for the discounted cash flow model. these assumptions include revenue growth rates, profit margin percentages, discount rates, etc. due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a business's fair value and the relative size of our goodwill, if different assumptions and estimates were used, it could have an adverse effect on our impairment analysis.
for additional information on business combinations, goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing, see notes 2 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method in accordance with the "accounting for income taxes," topic of the fasb asc (topic 740). deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured by applying enacted tax rates and laws and are released in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.
accounting for tax positions requires judgments, including estimating reserves for potential uncertainties. we also assess our ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. we do not record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets that we believe will be realized in future periods. while we believe the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2022 and 2021 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with topic 740, as applicable, the ultimate outcome of such matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material.
our future effective tax rate could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher statutory rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items.
see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report for further information regarding income taxes.
contingencies pursuant to asc topic 450, we evaluate whether any existing conditions existed as of the financial statement issuance date which may result in a loss contingent upon one or more future events occurring or not occurring. assessing contingent liabilities involves significant judgment. if the assessment indicates that a loss is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable, we accrue an estimated liability in our financial statements. if the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability and an estimate of the range of potential losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. we determine the amount of estimated liability to accrue, if any, after thorough evaluation of key information available that could impact the size and timing of the potential loss on a case-by-case basis. given the significant judgment involved with such estimates, the potential liability may change in the future as new information becomes available. we do not recognize gain contingencies until the contingency is completely resolved and the associated amounts are probable of collection.
see notes 13 and 22 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report for further information regarding commitments and contingencies and telford fire safety remediation, respectively.
investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries - fair value option we have elected the fair value option for certain of our investments in non-public entities to align with our strategy for these investments. such investments without readily determinable fair values are classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. we estimate the fair market value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs which requires judgment due to the absence of market prices or similar assets in active markets. in determining the estimated fair value of these investments, we utilize appropriate valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analyses and monte carlo simulations. key inputs to the discounted cash flow analyses include projected cash flows, terminal growth rate, and discount rate. key inputs to monte carlo simulations include stock price, volatility, risk free rate, and dividend yield.
changes in the fair value of equity investments under the fair value option are recorded as equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries in the consolidated statements of operations.
new accounting pronouncements see new accounting pronouncements discussion within note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
seasonality in a typical year, a significant portion of our revenue is seasonal, which an investor should keep in mind when comparing our financial condition and results of operations on a quarter-by-quarter basis. historically, our revenue, operating income, net income and cash flow from operating activities have tended to be lowest in the first quarter and highest in the fourth quarter of each year. revenue, earnings and cash flow have generally been concentrated in the fourth calendar quarter due to the focus on completing sales, financing and leasing transactions prior to year-end. the sharp rise in interest rates to combat inflation and resultant economic uncertainty may cause seasonality to deviate from historical patterns.
inflation our business was affected by high inflation in 2022. most notably, the central banks' moves to tame high inflation by rapidly raising interest rates sharply increased the cost of debt and dramatically constrained its availability, resulting in a significant decline in sales and financing transaction activity throughout the year's second half. in addition, rising price levels across the economy required us to increase compensation expense to retain top talent and our development businesses incurred higher input costs for construction materials. on the other hand, we believe that parts of our business have protections against inflation. the company continues to monitor inflation, monetary policy changes in response to inflation and potentially adverse effects on our business.
items affecting comparability when you read our financial statements and the information included in this annual report, you should consider that we have experienced, and continue to experience, several material trends and uncertainties (particularly those caused or exacerbated by covid-19) that have affected our financial condition and results of operations that make it challenging to predict our future performance based on our historical results. we believe that the following material trends and uncertainties are crucial to an understanding of the variability in our historical earnings and cash flows and the potential for continued variability in the future.
macroeconomic conditions economic trends and government policies affect global and regional commercial real estate markets as well as our operations directly. these include overall economic activity and employment growth, with specific sensitivity to growth in office-based employment; interest rate levels and changes in interest rates; the cost and availability of credit; and the impact of tax and regulatory policies. periods of economic weakness or recession, significantly rising interest rates, fiscal uncertainty, declining employment levels, decreasing demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, disruption to the global capital or credit markets, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, will negatively affect the performance of our business.
compensation is our largest expense and our sales and leasing professionals generally are paid on a commission and/or bonus basis that correlates with their revenue production. as a result, the negative effects on our operating margins during difficult market conditions, such as the environment that prevailed in the early months of the covid-19 pandemic, are partially mitigated by the inherent variability of our compensation cost structure. in addition, when negative economic conditions have been particularly severe, like during the covid-19 pandemic, we have moved decisively to lower operating expenses to improve financial performance. we began efforts in 2022 and will continue to reduce expenses in 2023 in light of the intensifying macroeconomic challenges, including rapidly rising interest rates to combat inflation. additionally, our contractual revenue has increased primarily as a result of growth in our outsourcing business, and we believe this contractual revenue should partially offset the negative impacts that macroeconomic deterioration could have on other parts of our business. we also believe that we have significantly improved the resiliency of our business by expanding the business strategically across asset types, clients, geographies and lines of business. nevertheless, adverse global and regional economic trends will pose significant risks to the performance of our consolidated operations and financial condition.
effects of acquisitions and investments we have historically made significant use of strategic acquisitions to add and enhance service capabilities around the world. on november 1, 2021, we acquired a 60% controlling ownership interest in turner & townsend holdings limited (turner & townsend). turner & townsend is a leading professional services company specializing in program management, project management, cost and commercial management and advisory services across the real estate, infrastructure and natural resources sectors, and is consolidated and reported in our global workplace solutions segment.
strategic in-fill acquisitions have also played a key role in strengthening our service offerings. the companies we acquired have generally been regional or specialty firms that complement our existing platform, or independent affiliates, which, in some cases, we held a small equity interest.
during 2022, we completed eleven in-fill acquisitions: four in the global workplace solutions segment and seven in the advisory services segment.
we believe strategic acquisitions can significantly decrease the cost, time and resources necessary to attain a meaningful competitive position - or expand our capabilities - within targeted markets or business lines. in general, however, most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on our operating income and net income as a result of transaction-related expenditures, including severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, as well as costs and charges associated with integrating the acquired business and integrating its financial and accounting systems into our own.
our acquisition structures often include deferred and/or contingent purchase consideration in future periods that are subject to the passage of time or achievement of certain performance metrics and other conditions. as of december 31, 2022, we have accrued deferred purchase and contingent considerations totaling $574.3 million, which is included in "accounts payable and accrued expenses" and in "other long-term liabilities" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
we believe there are attractive companies that do not fit seamlessly into our services offering but that would benefit from an investment from and strategic partnership with us. these benefits include for our company, more tools and services with which to meet our clients' needs, and for the companies with which we partner, more sales channels and faster growth. during 2022, we made a $100.7 million investment in vts, a technology company that helps leasing agents better serve property owners and enables property managers to create more engaging experiences for building tenants. also, during 2022, we made an incremental investment of $100 million in industrious, a leading provider of premium flexible workplace solutions in the u.s., bringing our current non-controlling ownership stake to approximately 45%. during 2021, our company-sponsored spac merged with and into altus power, inc. (altus), which trades on the nyse under the symbol "amps". we have approximately 15.5% common shares ownership in amps at december 31, 2022.
international operations we conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside the u.s. as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. our real estate investments business has significant euro and british pound denominated assets under management, as well as associated revenue and earnings in europe. in addition, our global workplace solutions business also derives significant revenue and earnings in foreign currencies, such as the euro and british pound sterling. our business has been significantly impacted this year by the sharp appreciation of the u.s. dollar against these and other foreign currencies. further fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may continue to produce corresponding changes in our aum, revenue and earnings.
our businesses could suffer from the effects of public health crises (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic), geopolitical events (such as the war in ukraine) or economic disruptions (or the perception that such disruptions may occur), rapid changes in interest rates, liquidity, the macroeconomic backdrop or regulatory or financial market uncertainty.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, approximately 43.3% of our revenue was transacted in foreign currencies. the following table sets forth our revenue derived from our most significant currencies (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                       2021
united states dollar            $17,470,227                    56.7   %                 $15,700,279                    56.6   %
british pound sterling            4,084,408                    13.2   %                   3,617,504                    13.0   %
euro                              2,854,233                     9.3   %                   2,840,203                    10.2   %
canadian dollar                   1,232,134                     4.0   %                   1,068,838                     3.9   %
australian dollar                   769,244                     2.5   %                     613,847                     2.2   %
chinese yuan                        534,276                     1.7   %                     475,185                     1.7   %
indian rupee                        533,545                     1.7   %                     454,859                     1.6   %
japanese yen                        407,308                     1.3   %                     373,828                     1.3   %
swiss franc                         391,549                     1.3   %                     391,062                     1.4   %
singapore dollar                    353,689                     1.1   %                     309,376                     1.1   %
other currencies (1)              2,197,633                     7.2   %                   1,901,055                     7.0   %
total revenue                   $30,828,246                   100.0   %                 $27,746,036                   100.0   %
_______________
(1)approximately 48 currencies comprise 7.2% of our revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022, and approximately 48 currencies comprise 7.0% of our revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021.
although we operate globally, we report our results in u.s. dollars. as a result, the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar may positively or negatively impact our reported results. for example, we estimate that had the british pound sterling-to-u.s. dollar exchange rates been 10% higher during the year ended december 31, 2022, the net impact would have been a decrease in pre-tax income of $24.1 million. had the euro-to-u.s. dollar exchange rates been 10% higher during the year ended december 31, 2022, the net impact would have been an increase in pre-tax income of $14.8 million. these hypothetical calculations estimate the impact of translating results into u.s. dollars and do not include an estimate of the impact that a 10% change in the u.s. dollar against other currencies would have had on our foreign operations.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may result in corresponding fluctuations in revenue and earnings as well as the assets under management for our investment management business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. in addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the u.s. dollar may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons of our reported results of operations. our international operations also are subject to, among other things, political instability and changing regulatory environments, which affect the currency markets and which as a result may adversely affect our future financial condition and results of operations. we routinely monitor these risks and related costs and evaluate the appropriate amount of oversight to allocate towards business activities in foreign countries where such risks and costs are particularly significant.
results of operations the following table sets forth items derived from our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                                                             2021
revenue:
net revenue:
facilities management                                                $5,136,565                      16.7   %                  $4,872,230                    17.6   %
property management                                                   1,777,477                       5.8   %                   1,691,948                     6.1   %
project management                                                    2,735,113                       8.9   %                   1,537,215                     5.5   %
valuation                                                               764,453                       2.5   %                     733,523                     2.6   %
loan servicing                                                          311,492                       1.0   %                     305,736                     1.1   %
advisory leasing                                                      3,872,379                      12.6   %                   3,306,548                    11.9   %
capital markets:
advisory sales                                                        2,522,728                       8.2   %                   2,789,573                    10.1   %
commercial mortgage origination                                         562,807                       1.8   %                     701,368                     2.5   %
investment management                                                   594,867                       1.9   %                     556,154                     2.0   %
development services                                                    514,742                       1.7   %                     535,562                     1.9   %
corporate, other and eliminations                                      (16,090)                     (0.1)   %                    (20,356)                     0.0   %
total net revenue                                                    18,776,533                      60.9   %                  17,009,501                    61.3   %
pass through costs also recognized as revenue                        12,051,713                      39.1   %                  10,736,535                    38.7   %
total revenue                                                        30,828,246                     100.0   %                  27,746,036                   100.0   %
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue                                                      24,239,488                      78.6   %                  21,579,507                    77.8   %
operating, administrative and other                                   4,649,460                      15.1   %                   4,074,184                    14.7   %
depreciation and amortization                                           613,088                       2.0   %                     525,871                     1.9   %
asset impairments                                                        58,713                       0.2   %                           -                     0.0   %
total costs and expenses                                             29,560,749                      95.9   %                  26,179,562                    94.4   %
gain on disposition of real estate                                      244,418                       0.8   %                      70,993                     0.3   %
operating income                                                      1,511,915                       4.9   %                   1,637,467                     5.9   %
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries                          228,998                       0.7   %                     618,697                     2.2   %
other (loss) income                                                    (11,864)                       0.0   %                     203,609                     0.7   %
interest expense, net of interest income                                 68,999                       0.2   %                      50,352                     0.2   %
write-off of financing costs on extinguished debt                         1,860                       0.0   %                           -                     0.0   %
income before provision for income taxes                              1,658,190                       5.4   %                   2,409,421                     8.7   %
provision for income taxes                                              234,230                       0.8   %                     567,506                     2.0   %
net income                                                            1,423,960                       4.6   %                   1,841,915                     6.6   %
less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests               16,590                       0.1   %                       5,341                     0.0   %
net income attributable to cbre group, inc.                           1,407,370                       4.6   %                   1,836,574                     6.6   %
core ebitda                                                          $2,924,264                                                $2,863,653
consolidated adjusted ebitda                                         $2,749,111                                                $3,074,412
net revenue, segment operating profit on revenue margin, segment operating profit on net revenue margin, core ebitda and consolidated adjusted ebitda are not recognized measurements under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, or gaap. when analyzing our operating performance, investors should use these measures in addition to, and not as an alternative for, their most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. we generally use these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate operating performance and for other discretionary purposes. we believe these measures provide a more complete understanding of ongoing operations, enhance comparability of current results to prior periods and may be useful for investors to analyze our financial performance because they eliminate the impact of selected costs and charges that may obscure the underlying performance of our business and related trends. because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of net revenue, core ebitda and consolidated adjusted ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
net revenue is gross revenue less costs largely associated with subcontracted vendor work performed for clients and generally has no margin. segment operating profit on revenue margin is computed by dividing segment operating profit by revenue and provides a comparable profitability measure against our peers. segment operating profit on net revenue margin is computed by dividing segment operating profit by net revenue and is a better indicator of the segment's margin since it does not include the diluting effect of pass through revenue which generally has no margin.
we use core ebitda and consolidated adjusted ebitda as indicators of consolidated financial performance. consolidated adjusted ebitda represents earnings before the portion attributable to non-controlling interests, net interest expense, write-off of financing costs on extinguished debt, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, asset impairments, adjustments related to certain carried interest incentive compensation expense (reversal) to align with the timing of associated revenue, fair value adjustments to real estate assets acquired in the telford acquisition (purchase accounting) that were sold in the period, costs incurred related to legal entity restructuring, integration and other costs related to acquisitions, costs associated with efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives, and a provision associated with telford's fire safety remediation efforts. core ebitda removes from adjusted ebitda the impact of fair value changes on certain non-core non-controlling equity investments that are not directly related to our business segments as these could fluctuate significantly period over period and also net gain on deconsolidation upon merger of the spac with and into altus power, net of associated costs, in 2021. we believe that investors may find these measures useful in evaluating our operating performance compared to that of other companies in our industry because their calculations generally eliminate the effects of acquisitions, which would include impairment charges of goodwill and intangibles created from acquisitions, the effects of financings and income taxes and the accounting effects of capital spending.
consolidated adjusted ebitda and core ebitda are not intended to be a measure of free cash flow for our discretionary use because they do not consider certain cash requirements such as tax and debt service payments. these measures may also differ from the amounts calculated under similarly titled definitions in our credit facilities and debt instruments, which are further adjusted to reflect certain other cash and non-cash charges and are used by us to determine compliance with financial covenants therein and our ability to engage in certain activities, such as incurring additional debt. we also use core ebitda as a significant component when measuring our operating performance under our employee incentive compensation programs.
consolidated adjusted ebitda and core ebitda are calculated as follows (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                                2021
net income attributable to cbre group, inc.                                                                       $1,407,370                          $1,836,574
net income attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                  16,590                               5,341
net income                                                                                                         1,423,960                           1,841,915
add:
depreciation and amortization                                                                                        613,088                             525,871
asset impairments                                                                                                     58,713                                   -
interest expense, net of interest income                                                                              68,999                              50,352
write-off of financing costs on extinguished debt                                                                      1,860                                   -
provision for income taxes                                                                                           234,230                             567,506
carried interest incentive compensation (reversal) expense                                                           (4,228)                              49,941
to align with the timing of associated revenue impact of fair value adjustments to real estate assets acquired in the                                               (5,115)                             (5,725)
telford acquisition (purchase accounting) that were sold in period costs incurred related to legal entity restructuring                                                                  13,447                                   -
integration and other costs related to acquisitions                                                                   40,702                              44,552
costs associated with efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives                                                      117,534                                   -
provision associated with telford's fire safety remediation efforts                                                  185,921                                   -
consolidated adjusted ebitda                                                                                      $2,749,111                          $3,074,412
adjustments:
net fair value adjustments on strategic non-core investments                                                         175,153                            (54,354)
net gain on deconsolidation upon merger of the spac with and into altus power, net of associated costs                     -                           (156,405)
core ebitda                                                                                                       $2,924,264                          $2,863,653
year ended december 31, 2022 compared to year ended december 31, 2021
we reported consolidated net income of $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022 on revenue of $30.8 billion as compared to consolidated net income of $1.8 billion on revenue of $27.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021.
our revenue on a consolidated basis for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased by $3.1 billion, or 11.1%, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. although revenue increased across all three of our segments, global workplace solutions segment (gws) revenue growth was the main driver. revenue in our gws segment increased by $2.8 billion or 16.1% as compared to 2021 primarily due to an increase in the project management revenue stream which also now reflects a full year contribution from our turner & townsend partnership, supplemented by modest growth in our facilities management business. advisory services revenue increased by $307.7 million, or 3.2%, mainly due to growth in leasing, property management and valuation, offset by challenges experienced by our capital markets (sales and commercial mortgage origination) business. revenue in the real estate investment segment was relatively flat as higher asset management fees driven by asset appreciation were offset by lower carried interest revenue and decreased development and construction revenue. foreign currency translation had a 4.2% negative impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily driven by weakness in the british pound sterling, euro and japanese yen.
our cost of revenue on a consolidated basis increased by $2.7 billion, or 12.3%, during the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. this increase was primarily due to higher costs associated with our global workplace solutions segment given the growth in our facilities management and project management businesses, including full year contribution from turner & townsend, and higher commission expense associated with our advisory services segment primarily due to growth in our leasing business. foreign currency translation had a 4.1% positive impact on total cost of revenue during the year ended december 31, 2022. cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue increased slightly from 77.8% for the year ended december 31, 2021 to 78.6% for the year ended december 31, 2022, mainly due to significant growth in the sales and leasing businesses earlier in the year leading to higher commission payouts.
our operating, administrative and other expenses on a consolidated basis increased by $575.3 million, or 14.1%, during the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. the increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation and benefits for support staff given the expansion of the overall business, travel and entertainment related expenses during the first half of the year, provision related to telford home's building and fire safety remediation work, and charges associated with efficiency and cost reduction initiatives as compared to the same period in 2021. in addition, the current year also included operating expenses from our turner & townsend business. this increase was partially offset by lower overall incentive compensation in the current year as compared to the prior year. foreign currency translation also had a 4.6% positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2022. operating expenses as a percentage of revenue increased slightly to 15.1% for the year ended december 31, 2022 from 14.7% for the year ended december 31, 2021.
our depreciation and amortization expense on a consolidated basis increased by $87.2 million, or 16.6%, during the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. this increase was primarily attributable to amortization of backlog and customer relationship intangibles from the acquisition of turner & townsend, with minimal comparable activity in the prior period.
our asset impairments on a consolidated basis totaled $58.7 million during the year ended december 31, 2022. we recorded $10.4 million in asset impairment related to our exit of the advisory services business in russia; $26.4 million and $21.9 million of non-cash goodwill impairment and trade name impairment charges, respectively, in our real estate investment segment related to telford homes. the charges are attributable to the effect of elevated inflation on construction, materials and labor costs, which will reduce telford homes' profitability because the sales prices for the build-to-rent developments are fixed at the time the developments are sold to a long-term investor. this resulted in a need to impair the above assets due to an expected reduction in cash flows and profitability. we did not record any asset impairments during the year ended december 31, 2021.
our gain on disposition of real estate on a consolidated basis increased by $173.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021 due to significant gains associated with certain property sales on consolidated deals within our real estate investments segment.
our equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries on a consolidated basis decreased by $389.7 million, or 63.0%, during the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily driven by a lower equity pickup and net negative fair value adjustment in our non-core investment portfolio this year. in addition, we recorded higher equity earnings associated with property sales reported in our real estate investments segment last year as compared to this year.
our other losses on a consolidated basis were $11.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 versus other income of $203.6 million for the same period in the prior year. in the prior year we recorded a non-cash gain of $187.5 million as part of the deconsolidation of cbre acquisition holdings, inc. (cbah) upon its merger with and into altus power, inc.
our consolidated interest expense, net of interest income, increased by $18.6 million, or 37.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. this increase was primarily due to interest expense related to deferred purchase consideration associated with the turner & townsend acquisition and interest expense associated with the net borrowings on the revolving credit facilities.
our provision for income taxes on a consolidated basis was $234.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to $567.5 million for the same period in 2021. our effective tax rate decreased from 23.6% for the year ended december 31, 2021 to 14.1% for the year ended december 31, 2022. the decrease is primarily due to the outside basis differences recognized as a result of a legal entity restructuring.
on august 16, 2022, the inflation reduction act (ira), a budget reconciliation package that contained legislation targeting energy security and climate changes, healthcare and taxes, was signed into law. with respect to corporate-level taxes, the ira included a 1% excise tax on stock buybacks and a 15% minimum corporate minimum tax (camt) based on financial statement income of certain u.s. companies that meet the $1 billion profitability threshold criteria, effective after december 31, 2022. we continue to evaluate the impact of the legislation and forthcoming administrative guidance and regulations to our financial statements and results of operations.
segment operations we organize our operations around, and publicly report our financial results on, three global business segments: (1) advisory services; (2) global workplace solutions; and (3) real estate investments. we also have a corporate and other segment. corporate primarily consists of corporate overhead costs. other consists of activities from strategic non-core non-controlling equity investments and is considered an operating segment but does not meet the aggregation criteria for presentation as a separate reportable segment and is, therefore, combined with corporate and reported as corporate and other. it also includes eliminations related to inter-segment revenue. for additional information on our segments, see note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
advisory services the following table summarizes our results of operations for our advisory services operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                                                                         2021
revenue:
net revenue:
property management                                                              $1,777,477                    18.0   %                  $1,691,948                      17.7   %
valuation                                                                           764,453                     7.7   %                     733,523                       7.7   %
loan servicing                                                                      311,492                     3.2   %                     305,736                       3.2   %
advisory leasing                                                                  3,872,379                    39.2   %                   3,306,548                      34.5   %
capital markets:
advisory sales                                                                    2,522,728                    25.5   %                   2,789,573                      29.1   %
commercial mortgage origination                                                     562,807                     5.7   %                     701,368                       7.3   %
total segment net revenue                                                         9,811,336                    99.3   %                   9,528,696                      99.5   %
pass through costs also recognized as revenue                                        72,170                     0.7   %                      47,063                       0.5   %
total segment revenue                                                             9,883,506                   100.0   %                   9,575,759                     100.0   %
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue                                                                   5,979,935                    60.5   %                   5,642,202                      58.9   %
operating, administrative and other                                               2,055,494                    20.8   %                   1,886,308                      19.7   %
depreciation and amortization                                                       310,823                     3.1   %                     311,397                       3.3   %
asset impairments                                                                    10,351                     0.1   %                           -                       0.0   %
total costs and expenses                                                          8,356,603                    84.5   %                   7,839,907                      81.9   %
gain on disposition of real estate                                                       27                     0.0   %                           -                       0.0   %
operating income                                                                  1,526,930                    15.5   %                   1,735,852                      18.1   %
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries                                       14,662                     0.1   %                      24,778                       0.3   %
other income (loss)                                                                   1,423                     0.0   %                     (8,800)                     (0.1)   %
add-back: depreciation and amortization                                             310,823                     3.1   %                     311,397                       3.3   %
add-back: asset impairments                                                          10,351                     0.1   %                           -                       0.0   %
adjustments:
costs associated with efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives                      45,735                     0.5   %                           -                       0.0   %
segment operating profit and segment operating profit on revenue margin          $1,909,924                    19.3   %                  $2,063,227                      21.5   %
segment operating profit on net revenue margin                                                                 19.5   %                                                  21.7   %
year ended december 31, 2022 compared to year ended december 31, 2021
revenue increased by $307.7 million, or 3.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021 driven by growth in leasing, valuation and property management, offset by a significant decline in capital markets (property sales and commercial mortgage origination) business. leasing revenue increased 17.1%, primarily due to an uptick in office and industrial sectors in the u.s. our valuation revenue was up 4% driven by increased revenue per assignment and higher demand given the market conditions, mainly in the u.s. and u.k. markets. we also experienced an increase in our property management business in the americas due to client wins. the above growth was partially offset by a drop in sales revenue and commercial mortgage origination revenue, mainly in the americas region. the current macroeconomic and fiscal environment has put significant stress on the lending market making it difficult to access capital at a reasonable cost. sales activity remained strong in the emea and apac region, growing at 4% and 13%, respectively, on a local currency basis. foreign currency translation had a 3.5% negative impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily driven by weakness in the euro, british pound sterling and japanese yen.
cost of revenue increased by $337.7 million, or 6.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to increased commission expense resulting from higher sales generated earlier in the year and an overall increase in leasing revenue. foreign currency translation also had a 3.3% positive impact on total cost of revenue during the year ended december 31, 2022. cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue increased to 60.5% for the year ended december 31, 2022 from 58.9% for the same period in 2021. this was due to a shift in the composition of total revenue where high margin debt origination revenue decreased as a percentage of total revenue this year versus the same period last year and also due to growth in sales revenue in the earlier part of the year triggering higher commissions for certain producers.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $169.2 million, or 9.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. this increase was primarily due to severance expense incurred under the cost savings initiatives, an increase in travel and entertainment expenses during the first half of the year, support staff compensation and related benefits, employee recruitment and temporary help related charges, partially offset by lower incentive compensation expense, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. foreign currency translation also had a 4.6% positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2022.
in connection with the origination and sale of mortgage loans for which the company retains servicing rights, we record servicing assets or liabilities based on the fair value of the retained mortgage servicing rights (msrs) on the date the loans are sold. upon origination of a mortgage loan held for sale, the fair value of the mortgage servicing rights to be retained is included in the forecasted proceeds from the anticipated loan sale and results in a net gain (which is reflected in revenue). subsequent to the initial recording, msrs are amortized (within amortization expense) and carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value in other intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. they are amortized in proportion to and over the estimated period that the servicing income is expected to be received. for the year ended december 31, 2022, msrs contributed to operating income $134.1 million of gains recognized in conjunction with the origination and sale of mortgage loans, offset by $163.7 million of amortization of related intangible assets. for the year ended december 31, 2021, msrs contributed $185.1 million of gains recognized in conjunction with the origination and sale of mortgage loans, offset by $172.3 million of amortization of related intangible assets. the decline was associated with lower origination activity given the higher cost of debt.
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries decreased by $10.1 million, or 40.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the same period in the prior year, due to a lower net fair value adjustment on one of our strategic non-controlling equity investments.
depreciation expense was up by $5.7 million, or 4.5%, due to accelerated depreciation expense associated with certain cost savings initiatives. amortization expense during the year ended december 31, 2022 decreased by $6.2 million, as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to lower amortization on the msrs.
global workplace solutions the following table summarizes our results of operations for our global workplace solutions operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                                                                       2021
revenue:
net revenue:
facilities management                                                            $5,136,565                    25.9   %                  $4,872,230                    28.5   %
project management                                                                2,735,113                    13.8   %                   1,537,215                     9.0   %
total segment net revenue                                                         7,871,678                    39.7   %                   6,409,445                    37.5   %
pass through costs also recognized as revenue                                    11,979,543                    60.3   %                  10,689,472                    62.5   %
total segment revenue                                                            19,851,221                   100.0   %                  17,098,917                   100.0   %
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue                                                                  17,947,859                    90.4   %                  15,601,137                    91.2   %
operating, administrative and other                                               1,080,493                     5.4   %                     839,117                     4.9   %
depreciation and amortization                                                       253,013                     1.3   %                     158,757                     0.9   %
total costs and expenses                                                         19,281,365                    97.1   %                  16,599,011                    97.1   %
operating income                                                                    569,856                     2.9   %                     499,906                     3.0   %
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries                                        1,118                     0.0   %                       1,720                     0.0   %
other income                                                                          6,615                     0.0   %                       3,104                     0.1   %
add-back: depreciation and amortization                                             253,013                     1.3   %                     158,757                     0.9   %
adjustments:
integration and other costs related to acquisitions                                  40,702                     0.2   %                      44,552                     0.3   %
costs associated with efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives                      27,917                     0.1   %                           -                     0.0   %
segment operating profit and segment operating profit on revenue margin            $899,221                     4.5   %                    $708,039                     4.1   %
segment operating profit on net revenue margin                                                                 11.4   %                                                11.0   %
year ended december 31, 2022 compared to year ended december 31, 2021
revenue increased by $2.8 billion, or 16.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily attributable to growth in our project management line of business, supplemented by moderate growth in facilities management revenue. we recorded approximately $1.3 billion in revenue from turner & townsend during the year with only two months of activity in the prior comparable period. excluding turner & townsend, revenue rose nearly 9.5% with project management up 21.1% due to certain large projects and focused growth initiatives. foreign currency translation had a 4.4% negative impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily driven by weakness in the british pound sterling and euro.
cost of revenue increased by $2.3 billion, or 15.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021, driven by higher revenue leading to higher pass through costs and increased professional compensation. in addition, we recorded cost of revenue incurred by turner & townsend for the year ended december 31, 2022 with only two months of such activity in the prior comparable period. foreign currency translation had a 4.2% positive impact on total cost of revenue during the year ended december 31, 2022. cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased slightly to 90.4% for the year ended december 31, 2022 from 91.2% for the same period in 2021, primarily due to an increase in project management revenue which generally has higher margins.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $241.4 million, or 28.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. compensation expense increased due to severance expense incurred under the costs savings initiatives and investment in new roles to drive business growth. we also recorded higher travel and entertainment expenses during the first half of the year, incentive compensation expense, and employee recruitment costs. in addition, we recorded operating expenses incurred by turner & townsend for the year ended december 31, 2022 with only two months of such activity in the prior comparable period. foreign currency translation also had a 5.0% positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2022.
depreciation and amortization expense increased by $94.3 million, or 59.4%, during the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. this increase was primarily attributable to amortization of backlog and customer relationship intangibles from the acquisition of turner & townsend, with minimal comparable activity in the prior period.
real estate investments the following table summarizes our results of operations for our real estate investments (rei) operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                                                                                                               2021
revenue:
investment management                                                                                                $594,867                        53.6   %                  $556,154                        50.9   %
development services                                                                                                  514,742                        46.4   %                   535,562                        49.1   %
total segment revenue                                                                                               1,109,609                       100.0   %                 1,091,716                       100.0   %
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue                                                                                                       322,152                        29.0   %                   349,432                        32.0   %
operating, administrative and other                                                                                 1,082,231                        97.5   %                   896,375                        82.1   %
depreciation and amortization                                                                                          16,250                         1.5   %                    27,111                         2.5   %
asset impairments                                                                                                      48,362                         4.4   %                         -                         0.0   %
total costs and expenses                                                                                            1,468,995                       132.4   %                 1,272,918                       116.6   %
gain on disposition of real estate                                                                                    244,391                        22.0   %                    70,993                         6.5   %
operating loss                                                                                                      (114,995)                      (10.4)   %                 (110,209)                      (10.1)   %
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries                                                                        380,566                        34.3   %                   555,341                        50.9   %
other (loss) income                                                                                                   (1,066)                       (0.1)   %                     3,542                         0.3   %
add-back: depreciation and amortization                                                                                16,250                         1.5   %                    27,111                         2.5   %
add-back: asset impairments                                                                                            48,362                         4.4   %                         -                         0.0   %
adjustments:
carried interest incentive compensation (reversal) expense to align with the timing of associated revenue             (4,228)                       (0.4)   %                    49,941                         4.6   %
impact of fair value adjustments to real estate assets                                                                (5,115)                       (0.5)   %                   (5,725)                       (0.5)   %
acquired in the telford acquisition (purchase accounting)
that were sold in period costs associate with efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives                                                         12,499                         1.1   %                         -                         0.0   %
provision associated with telford's fire safety remediation efforts                                                   185,921                        16.8   %                         -                         0.0   %
segment operating profit and segment operating profit on revenue margin                                              $518,194                        46.7   %                  $520,001                        47.6   %
year ended december 31, 2022 compared to year ended december 31, 2021
revenue increased by $17.9 million, or 1.6%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by an increase in investment management fees supported by net growth in assets under management, offset by lower carried interest revenue, and lower real estate sales, development and construction management fees, in our development business, primarily in the u.k. foreign currency translation had a 6.7% negative impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily driven by weakness in the british pound sterling and euro.
cost of revenue decreased by $27.3 million, or 7.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. cost of revenue as a percent of revenue was 29.0% for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to 32.0% for the year ended december 31, 2021. this was mainly due to a change in composition of overall revenue. revenue from investment management, which has no associated cost of revenue, contributed 53.6% to total segment revenue as compared to 50.9% last year. foreign currency translation had a 9.1% positive impact on total cost of revenue during the year ended december 31, 2022.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $185.9 million, or 20.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. we recorded an estimated provision of $185.9 million related to fire and building safety remediation work that our telford homes business will undertake based on the pledge signed in the second quarter of 2022. additionally, we noted an increase in overall compensation, including severance expense related to cost savings initiatives, higher travel and entertainment expenses during the first half of the year, partially offset by lower overall incentive compensation. foreign currency translation had a 6.5% positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2022.
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries decreased by $174.8 million, or 31.5%, during the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. gain on disposition of real estate increased by $173.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. this was primarily due to the composition of the portfolio, deal structures, and timing.
a roll forward of our aum by product type for the year ended december 31, 2022 is as follows (dollars in billions):
funds                separate accounts                 securities                    total balance at december 31, 2021          $56.6                        $73.6                        $11.7                     $141.9
inflows                                15.6       10.8                             2.7                        29.1
outflows                              (5.1)                        (8.0)                        (1.9)                     (15.0)
market depreciation                   (0.9)                        (3.2)                        (2.6)                      (6.7)
balance at december 31, 2022          $66.2                        $73.2                         $9.9                     $149.3
aum generally refers to the properties and other assets with respect to which we provide (or participate in) oversight, investment management services and other advice, and which generally consist of real estate properties or loans, securities portfolios and investments in operating companies and joint ventures. our aum is intended principally to reflect the extent of our presence in the real estate market, not the basis for determining our management fees. our assets under management consist of:
•the total fair market value of the real estate properties and other assets either wholly-owned or held by joint ventures and other entities in which our sponsored funds or investment vehicles and client accounts have invested or to which they have provided financing. committed (but unfunded) capital from investors in our sponsored funds is not included in this component of our aum. the value of development properties is included at estimated completion cost. in the case of real estate operating companies, the total value of real properties controlled by the companies, generally through joint ventures, is included in aum; and
•the net asset value of our managed securities portfolios, including investments (which may be comprised of committed but uncalled capital) in private real estate funds under our fund of funds investments.
our calculation of aum may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result, this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers.
corporate and other our corporate segment primarily consists of corporate overhead costs. other consists of activities from strategic non-core non-controlling equity investments and is considered an operating segment but does not meet the aggregation criteria for presentation as a separate reportable segment and is, therefore, combined with our core corporate function and reported as corporate and other. the following table summarizes our results of operations for our corporate and other segment for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31, (1)
2022                                                                                                                       2021
elimination of inter-segment revenue                                        $(16,090)                                                 $(20,356)
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue (2)                                                          (10,458)                                                  (13,264)
operating, administrative and other                                           431,242                                                   452,384
depreciation and amortization                                                  33,002                                                    28,606
operating loss                                                              (469,876)                                                 (488,082)
equity (loss) income from unconsolidated subsidiaries                       (167,348)                                                    36,858
other (loss) income                                                          (18,836)                                                   205,763
add-back: depreciation and amortization                                        33,002                                                    28,606
adjustments:
costs incurred related to legal entity restructuring                           13,447                                                         -
costs associated with efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives                31,383                                                         -
segment operating loss                                                     $(578,228)                                                $(216,855)
_______________
(1)percentage of revenue calculations are not meaningful and therefore not included.
(2)primarily relates to inter-segment eliminations.
year ended december 31, 2022 compared to year ended december 31, 2021
core corporate operating, administrative and other expenses for our core corporate function remained relatively flat at approximately $430.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to $427.6 million for the prior year. this was primarily due to severance charges associated with efficiency and cost reduction initiatives, partially offset by lower stock compensation and bonus expense as compared to the prior period. in addition, operating expenses associated with our sponsorship of cbre acquisition holdings, inc. (now known as altus power, inc.) up until its merger with and into altus on december 9, 2021 were also recorded in this segment.
other loss was approximately $12.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 versus an income of $7.1 million in the same period last year. this is primarily comprised of net unfavorable activity related to unrealized and realized gain/loss on equity and available for sale debt securities owned by our wholly-owned captive insurance company. these mark to market adjustments were in a net unfavorable position this year compared to the prior year.
other (non-core)
we recorded equity loss of approximately $167.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 from unfavorable fair value adjustments related to certain non-core investments as compared to a $36.9 million positive fair value adjustments last year.
we recorded other loss of $6.6 million which is mainly due to realized losses on sale of marketable securities this year. in the prior year, we recorded income of $198.7 million, mainly due to a non-cash gain of $187.5 million as part of the deconsolidation of cbah upon its merger with and into altus.
liquidity and capital resources we believe that we can satisfy our working capital and funding requirements with internally generated cash flow and, as necessary, borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. our expected capital requirements for 2023 include up to approximately $326.8 million of anticipated capital expenditures, net of tenant concessions. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we incurred $248.5 million of capital expenditures, net of tenant concessions received. as of december 31, 2022, we had aggregate future commitments of $106.9 million related to co-investments funds in our real estate investments segment, $47.3 million of which is expected to be funded in 2023. additionally, as of december 31, 2022, we are committed to fund additional capital of $81.0 million and $85.9 million to consolidated and unconsolidated projects, respectively, within our real estate investments segment. as of december 31, 2022, we had $3.5 billion of borrowings available under our revolving credit facilities (under both the revolving credit agreement, as described below, and the turner & townsend revolving credit facility) and $1.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents.
we have historically relied on our internally generated cash flow and our revolving credit facilities to fund our working capital, capital expenditure and general investment requirements (including strategic in-fill acquisitions) and have not sought other external sources of financing to help fund these requirements. in the absence of extraordinary events or a large strategic acquisition, we anticipate that our cash flow from operations and our revolving credit facilities would be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for the foreseeable future, and at a minimum for the next 12 months. given compensation is our largest expense and our sales and leasing professionals are generally paid on a commission and/or bonus basis that correlates with their revenue production, the negative effect of difficult market conditions is partially mitigated by the inherent variability of our compensation cost structure. in addition, when negative economic conditions have been particularly severe, we have moved decisively to lower operating expenses to improve financial performance, and then have restored certain expenses as economic conditions improved. we may seek to take advantage of market opportunities to refinance existing debt instruments, as we have done in the past, with new debt instruments at interest rates, maturities and terms we deem attractive. we may also, from time to time in our sole discretion, purchase, redeem, or retire our existing senior notes, through tender offers, in privately negotiated or open market transactions, or otherwise.
in march 2021, we took advantage of favorable market conditions and low interest rates and conducted a new issuance for $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.500% senior notes due 2031. on november 23, 2021, we redeemed the $300.0 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of our tranche a term loan facility due 2024 in full. we funded this redemption using cash on hand.
as noted above, we believe that any future significant acquisitions we may make could require us to obtain additional debt or equity financing. in the past, we have been able to obtain such financing for material transactions on terms that we believed to be reasonable. however, it is possible that we may not be able to obtain acquisition financing on favorable terms, or at all, in the future.
our long-term liquidity needs, other than those related to ordinary course obligations and commitments such as operating leases, are generally comprised of three elements. the first is the repayment of the outstanding and anticipated principal amounts of our long-term indebtedness. if our cash flow is insufficient to repay our long-term debt when it comes due, then we expect that we would need to refinance such indebtedness or otherwise amend its terms to extend the maturity dates. we cannot make any assurances that such refinancing or amendments would be available on attractive terms, if at all.
the second long-term liquidity need is the payment of obligations related to acquisitions. our acquisition structures often include deferred and/or contingent purchase consideration in future periods that are subject to the passage of time or achievement of certain performance metrics and other conditions. as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, we had accrued deferred purchase consideration totaling $574.3 million ($117.3 million of which was a current liability) and $630.1 million ($32.0 million of which was a current liability), respectively, which was included in "accounts payable and accrued expenses" and in "other liabilities" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
lastly, as described in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report, in 2019, our board of directors authorized a program for the repurchase of up to $500.0 million of our class a common stock over three years (the 2019 program). during the first quarter of 2022, we fully utilized the remaining capacity under the 2019 program and repurchased 615,108 shares of our class a common stock with an average price of $101.88 per share using cash on hand for $62.7 million.
in november 2021, our board of directors authorized a new program for the company to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of our class a common stock over five years, effective november 19, 2021 (the 2021 program). in august 2022, our board of directors authorized an additional $2.0 billion, bringing the total authorized repurchase amount under the 2021 program to a total of $4.0 billion. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we repurchased 22,275,498 shares of our class a common stock with an average price of $80.74 per share using cash on hand for $1.8 billion under the 2021 program. as of december 31, 2022 and february 16, 2023, respectively, we had $2.1 billion and $2.0 billion of capacity remaining under the 2021 program.
our stock repurchases have been funded with cash on hand and we intend to continue funding future repurchases with existing cash. we may utilize our stock repurchase programs to continue offsetting the impact of our stock-based compensation program and on a more opportunistic basis if we believe our stock presents a compelling investment compared to other discretionary uses. the timing of any future repurchases and the actual amounts repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the market price of our common stock, general market and economic conditions and other factors.
as more fully described in note 22 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report, following a request by the u.k. government to the majority of significant residential developers within the u.k. including telford homes, telford homes signed the u.k. government's non-binding fire safety pledge (the "pledge") on april 28, 2022. the pledge states that subject to entering into mutually acceptable legally binding agreements with the u.k. government, telford homes will (1) take responsibility for performing or funding self-remediation works relating to certain life-critical fire-safety issues on all telford homes-constructed buildings of 11 meters in height or greater in england constructed in the last 30 years (in-scope buildings) and (2) withdraw telford homes-developed buildings from certain government-sponsored building safety funds or reimburse the government funds for the cost of remediation of in-scope buildings.
we believe there is a potential risk of loss attributable to past events, including as a result of retrospective changes in building fire-safety regulations, under the pledge, and also under existing contracts and/or the u.k.'s building safety act of 2022 (bsa) or its defective premises act of 1972 (dpa). the estimated costs for in-scope buildings are subjective, highly complex and dependent on a number of variables outside of telford homes' control. these include, but are not limited to, the time required for the remediation to be completed, the size and number of buildings that may require remediation, cost of construction or remediation materials, availability of construction materials, potential discoveries made during remediation that could necessitate incremental work, investigation costs, availability of qualified fire safety engineers, potential business disruption costs, potential changes to or new regulations and regulatory approval.
as a result of signing the pledge, the introduction of the bsa, the extension of liability under the dpa, and the potential for us to be required to pay for remediation under any definitive agreements that may be negotiated by the parties under the pledge or under existing legal contracts, we recorded charges of approximately $138.9 million and $185.9 million for the three months and twelve months ended december 31, 2022, respectively. of the $185.9 million in estimated liability as of december 31, 2022, approximately $51.6 million was recorded as a current liability in "accounts payable and accrued expenses" and the remaining was recorded as non-current in "other liabilities" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. although the foregoing includes significant subjective judgments, management believes that there is enough information to reasonably estimate the potential liability. the potential liability and number of buildings affected may change as new information becomes available and full cost estimates are assessed and tendered for each building, which is anticipated to be a lengthy process due to the various steps required to fully remediate. we will continue to assess new information as it becomes available and adjust our estimated liability accordingly. for more information, see "telford fire safety remediation" in note 22 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
historical cash flows year ended december 31, 2022 compared to year ended december 31, 2021
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities totaled $1.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $735.1 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. the primary drivers that contributed to the decline were as follows: (1) lower operating performance and (2) the net cash outflow associated with net working capital increased in the current year as compared to last year by approximately $992.9 million. this was primarily due to (i) higher outflow related to net bonus payments, compensation and other employee benefits, (ii) increased issuance of incentive compensation in the form of producer based loans, and (iii) timing of certain cash tax payments and refunds. this change in working capital was partially offset by lower outflow associated with accounts receivable, prepaids and contract assets. additionally, we had lower distribution of equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries; a decline in tenant concessions received in the current year; lower net inflows related to mortgage loan activities and associated warehouse line of credit draws.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $832.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $448.4 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. this decrease was primarily due to the turner & townsend transaction in 2021 as compared a to lower volume of acquisitions in the current year. this was partially offset by the following outflows: a $100.7 million investment in vts during 2022; higher capital expenditures to support the growth in business; and higher net contributions to unconsolidated subsidiaries.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities totaled $1.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $1.3 billion as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. the increased usage during the year was primarily due to $1.9 billion used to repurchase shares of our common stock as compared to $368.6 million in the prior year; as well as net inflows in the prior year from issuance and settlement activities associated with our long term debt thus increasing the year over year usage. this was partially offset by (i) $151.4 million in net proceeds from our revolving credit facility received this year as compared to last year, (ii) payment of $205.1 million for redemption of non-controlling interest for cbah and (iii) payment of deferred underwriting costs related to cbah's initial public offering in the prior year with no comparable activity in the current year.
summary of contractual obligations and other commitments the following is a summary of our various contractual obligations and other commitments as of december 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands):
payments due by period contractual obligations                                         total                            less than
1 year total gross long-term debt (1)                        $1,527,792                            $427,792
short-term borrowings (2)                                668,754                             668,754
operating leases (3)                                   2,180,313                             229,748
financing leases (3)                                     299,380                              33,213
total gross notes payable on real estate (4)              25,073                              10,245
deferred purchase consideration (5)                      574,300                             117,335
total contractual obligations                         $5,275,612                          $1,487,087
amount of other commitments expiration other commitments                                total                                 less than
1 year self-insurance reserves (6)            $167,918                                  $167,918
tax liabilities (7)                      54,761                                         -
co-investments (8) (9)                  192,756                                   133,197
letters of credit (8)                   206,809                                   206,809
guarantees (8) (10)                      79,441                                    79,441
total other commitments                $701,685                                  $587,365
the table above excludes estimated payment obligations for our qualified defined benefit pension plans. for information about our future estimated payment obligations for these plans, see note 14 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
_______________
(1)reflects gross outstanding long-term debt balances as of december 31, 2022, assumed to be paid at maturity, excluding unamortized discount, premium and deferred financing costs. see note 11 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report. figures do not include scheduled interest payments. assuming each debt obligation is held until maturity, we estimate that we will make $205.1 million of interest payments, $51.1 million of which will be made in 2023.
(2)the majority of this balance represents our warehouse lines of credit, which are recourse only to our wholly-owned subsidiary cbre capital markets, inc. (cbre capital markets) and are secured by our related warehouse receivables. see notes 5 and 11 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(3)see note 12 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(4)reflects gross outstanding notes payable on real estate as of december 31, 2022 (none of which is recourse to us, beyond being recourse to the single-purpose entity that held the real estate asset and was the primary obligor on the note payable), assumed to be paid at maturity, excluding unamortized deferred financing costs. amounts do not include scheduled interest payments. the notes have either fixed or variable interest rates, ranging from 2.25% to 7.50% at december 31, 2022.
(5)represents deferred obligations related to previous acquisitions, which are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2022 set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(6)represents outstanding reserves for claims under certain insurance programs, which are included in other current and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2022 set forth in item 8 of this annual report. due to the nature of this item, payments could be due at any time upon the occurrence of certain events. accordingly, the entire balance has been reflected as expiring in less than one year.
(7)as of december 31, 2022, we have a remaining federal tax liability of $54.8 million associated with the transition tax on mandatory deemed repatriation of cumulative foreign earnings as of december 31, 2017. we are paying the federal tax liability for the transition tax in annual interest-free installments over a period of eight years through 2025 as allowed by the tax act. the next installment is due in 2024 for the 2023 fiscal year.
in addition, as of december 31, 2022, our gross unrecognized tax benefits, totaled $391.4 million. of this amount, we can reasonably estimate that none will require cash settlement in less than one year. we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions for the gross amount. see note 15 of our notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(8)see note 13 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(9)includes $106.9 million to fund future co-investments in our real estate investments segment, $47.3 million of which is expected to be funded in 2023, and $85.9 million committed to invest in unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries, which is callable at any time. this amount does not include capital committed to consolidated projects of $81.0 million as of december 31, 2022.
(10)due to the nature of guarantees, payments could be due at any time upon the occurrence of certain triggering events, including default. accordingly, all guarantees are reflected as expiring in less than one year.
indebtedness we use a variety of financing arrangements, both long-term and short-term, to fund our operations in addition to cash generated from operating activities. we also use several funding sources to avoid becoming overly dependent on one financing source, and to lower funding costs.
long-term debt on july 9, 2021, cbre services, inc. (cbre services) entered into an additional incremental assumption agreement with respect to its credit agreement, dated october 31, 2017 (such agreement, as amended by a december 20, 2018 incremental term loan assumption agreement, a march 4, 2019 incremental assumption agreement and such july 9, 2021 incremental assumption agreement, collectively, the 2021 credit agreement) for purposes of increasing the revolving credit commitments previously available under the 2021 credit agreement by an aggregate principal amount of $350.0 million.
on may 21, 2021, we entered into a definitive agreement whereby our subsidiary guarantors were released as guarantors from the 2021 credit agreement.
on december 10, 2021, cbre services and certain of the other borrowers entered into a first amendment to the 2021 credit agreement which (i) changed the interest rate applicable to revolving borrowings denominated in sterling from a libor-based rate to a rate based on the sterling overnight index average (sonia) and (ii) changed the interest rate applicable to revolving borrowings denominated in euros from a libor-based rate to a rate based on euribor. the revised interest rates described above went into effect on january 1, 2022.
on august 5, 2022, cbre group, inc., as holdings, and cbre global acquisition company, as the luxembourg borrower, entered into a second amendment to the 2021 credit agreement which, among other things (i) amended certain of the representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default in the 2021 credit agreement in a manner consistent with the new 5-year senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (as described below), (ii) terminated all revolving commitments previously available to the subsidiaries of the company thereunder and (iii) reflected the resignation of the previous administrative agent and the appointment of wells fargo bank, national association as the new administrative agent (the 2021 credit agreement, as amended by the first amendment and second amendment is referred to in this annual report as the 2022 credit agreement).
the 2022 credit agreement is a senior unsecured credit facility that is guaranteed by cbre group, inc. as of december 31, 2022, the 2022 credit agreement provided for a €400.0 million term loan facility due and payable in full at maturity on december 20, 2023. the $300.0 million tranche a term loan facility that was also covered under this agreement was repaid on november 23, 2021. in addition, a $3.15 billion revolving credit facility, which included the capacity to obtain letters of credit and swingline loans and would have terminated on march 4, 2024, was also previously provided under this agreement and was replaced with a new $3.5 billion 5-year senior unsecured revolving credit agreement entered into on august 5, 2022 (as described below).
on march 18, 2021, cbre services issued $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.500% senior notes due april 1, 2031 (the 2.500% senior notes) at a price equal to 98.451% of their face value. the 2.500% senior notes are unsecured obligations of cbre services and are guaranteed on a senior basis by cbre group, inc. interest accrues at a rate of 2.500% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on april 1 and october 1 of each year, beginning on october 1, 2021. the amount of the 2.500% senior notes, net of unamortized discount and unamortized debt issuance costs, included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet was $489.3 million and $488.1 million at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
on august 13, 2015, cbre services issued $600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior notes due march 1, 2026 (the 4.875% senior notes) at a price equal to 99.24% of their face value. the 4.875% senior notes are unsecured obligations of cbre services and are guaranteed on a senior basis by cbre group, inc. interest accrues at a rate of 4.875% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on march 1 and september 1. the amount of the 4.875% senior notes, net of unamortized discount and unamortized debt issuance costs, included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet was $596.4 million and $595.5 million at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
the indentures governing our 4.875% senior notes and 2.500% senior notes contain restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to create or permit liens on assets securing indebtedness, enter into sale/leaseback transactions and enter into consolidations or mergers.
on may 21, 2021, all existing subsidiary guarantors were released from their guarantees of our 2022 credit agreement, 4.875% senior notes and 2.500% senior notes. our 2022 credit agreement, revolving credit agreement, 4.875% senior notes and 2.500% senior notes remain fully and unconditionally guaranteed by cbre group, inc. combined summarized financial information for cbre group, inc. (parent) and cbre services (subsidiary issuer) is as follows (dollars in thousands):
december 31,
2022                                                  2021
balance sheet data:
current assets                           $8,628                        $8,604
non-current assets (1)                   13,002                        34,711
total assets (1)                         21,630                        43,315
current liabilities                    $206,026                       $17,610
non-current liabilities (1)           1,804,975                     1,083,584
total liabilities (1)                 2,011,001                     1,101,194
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                      2021 (2)
statement of operations data:
revenue                                    $-                              $-
operating loss                        (2,539)                         (2,246)
net income                              6,465                          27,487
_______________
(1)includes $719.3 million of intercompany loan payables and $25.3 million of intercompany loan receivables from non-guarantor subsidiaries as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. all intercompany balances and transactions between cbre group, inc. and cbre services have been eliminated.
(2)amounts include activity related to our subsidiaries that were still listed as guarantors for the period presented.
for additional information on all of our long-term debt, see note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
short-term borrowings on august 5, 2022, we entered into a new 5-year senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (the "revolving credit agreement"). the revolving credit agreement provides for a senior unsecured revolving credit facility available to cbre services with a capacity of $3.5 billion and a maturity date of august 5, 2027. borrowings bear interest at (i) cbre services' option, either (a) a term sofr rate published by cme group benchmark administration limited for the applicable interest period or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the greatest of (1) the prime rate determined by wells fargo, (2) the federal funds rate plus 1/2 of 1% and (3) the sum of (x) a term sofr rate published by cme group benchmark administration limited for an interest period of one month and (y) 1.00% plus (ii) 10 basis points, plus (iii) a rate equal to an applicable rate (in the case of borrowings based on the term sofr rate, 0.630% to 1.100% and in the case of borrowings based on the base rate, 0.0% to 0.100%, in each case, as determined by reference to our debt rating (as defined in the revolving credit agreement)). the applicable rate is also subject to certain increases and/or decreases specified in the revolving credit agreement linked to achieving certain sustainability goals.
the revolving credit agreement requires us to pay a fee based on the total amount of the revolving credit facility commitment (whether used or unused). in addition, the revolving credit agreement also includes capacity for letters of credit of an outstanding aggregate amount of $300.0 million.
as of december 31, 2022, $178.0 million was outstanding under the revolving credit agreement. no letters of credit were outstanding as of december 31, 2022. as of february 16, 2023, $438.0 million was outstanding under the revolving credit agreement. letters of credit are issued in the ordinary course of business and would reduce the amount we may borrow under the revolving credit agreement.
in addition, turner & townsend maintains a £120.0 million revolving credit facility pursuant to a credit agreement dated march 31, 2022, with an additional accordion option of £20.0 million. as of december 31, 2022 and february 16, 2023, respectively, $31.9 million (£26.3 million) and $31.6 million (£26.3 million) was outstanding under this revolving credit facility and bears interest at sonia plus 0.75%.
we also maintain warehouse lines of credit with certain third-party lenders. for additional information on all of our short-term borrowings, see notes 5 and 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
