item 1a.    risk factors the following discussion describes certain risk factors that we believe could affect our business and prospects. these risk factors are in addition to those set forth elsewhere in this report. our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider not to be material. the reader should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all risks and uncertainties.
business and operational risks our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows may suffer upon the loss, or renewal at less favorable terms, of a significant customer or group purchasing organization.
wba accounted for approximately 27% of our revenue in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022. express scripts accounted for approximately 13% of our revenue in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022. our top ten customers, including governmental agencies, represented approximately 66% of revenue in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022. we have distributor relationships with gpos in multiple distribution segments. we may lose a significant customer or gpo relationship if any existing contract with such customer or gpo expires without being extended, renewed, renegotiated or replaced or is terminated by the customer or gpo prior to expiration, to the extent such early termination is permitted by the contract. a number of our contracts with significant customers or gpos are typically subject to expiration each year and we may lose any of these customers or gpo relationships if we are unable to extend, renew, renegotiate or replace the contracts. the loss of any significant customer or gpo relationship could adversely affect our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows. additionally, from time to time, significant contracts may be renewed or modified prior to their expiration date in furtherance of our strategic objectives. if those contracts are renewed or modified at less favorable terms, they may also negatively impact our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows.
the anticipated ongoing strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with wba may not be realized.
in june 2021, we extended to 2029 our distribution agreement under which we distribute drugs to walgreens pharmacies and our generics purchasing services arrangement under which walgreens boots alliance development gmbh ("wbad") provides a variety of services, including negotiating acquisition pricing with generic manufacturers on our behalf. this reflected our continued expectation that partnering strategically with wba will result in various benefits including continued cost savings and initiatives designed to create incremental growth and efficiencies in sourcing, logistics and distribution. we also entered into a distribution agreement pursuant to which we will supply branded and generic pharmaceutical products to wba's boots uk ltd. subsidiary through 2031. the processes needed to achieve and maintain these initiatives and benefits are complex, costly, and time-consuming. achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangements on an ongoing basis is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including: the potential inability to realize and/or delays in realizing potential benefits resulting from participation in our generics purchasing services arrangement with wbad, including improved generic drug pricing and terms, improved service fees from generic manufacturers, cost savings, innovations, or other benefits due to its inability to negotiate successfully with generic manufacturers or otherwise to perform as expected; the potential disruption of our plans and operations as a result of the extension of the duration of our distribution agreement for walgreens pharmacies and our generics purchasing services agreement with wbad and the respective terms thereunder, including any disruption of our cash flow and ability to return value to our stockholders in accordance with our past practices and any reduction in our operational, strategic or financial flexibility; potential changes in supplier relationships and terms; unexpected or unforeseen costs, fees, expenses and charges incurred by us related to the transaction or the overall strategic relationship; changes in the economic terms under which we distribute pharmaceuticals to walgreens pharmacies in the united states or to pharmacies operated by boots uk ltd. in the united kingdom, including changes necessitated by changing market conditions or other unforeseen developments that may arise during the term of either distribution agreement, to the extent that any such changes are not offset by other financial benefits that we are able to obtain through collaboration in other aspects of our strategic relationship with wba; and any potential issues that could impede our ability to continue to work collaboratively with wba in an efficient and effective manner in furtherance of the anticipated strategic and financial benefits of the relationship.
in addition, wba has the right, but not the obligation, under the transactions contemplated by the framework agreement dated march 18, 2013 and the amended and restated amerisourcebergen shareholders agreement dated june 1, 2021, as further amended on august 2, 2022 (the "shareholders agreement"), to make certain additional investments in our common stock. wba also has the right to sell any of the shares of our common stock that it has acquired so long as wba has held the shares beyond the requisite dates specified in the shareholders agreement, subject to certain restrictions on the number of shares that may be sold at any given time. for example, in november 2022, wba sold 13.2 million shares of our common stock. any sales of common stock by wba could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. we could also encounter unforeseen costs, circumstances, or issues with respect to the transactions and collaboration we anticipate pursuing with wba. many of these potential circumstances are outside of our control and any of them could result in increased costs, decreased revenue, decreased benefits and the diversion of management time and attention. if we are unable to achieve any of our objectives, the expected future benefits may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
a disruption in our distribution or generic purchasing services arrangements with wba could adversely affect our business and financial results.
we are the primary distributor of pharmaceutical products for wba in the united states and the united kingdom. if our operations are seriously disrupted for any reason deemed within our control, we may have an obligation to pay or credit wba for failure to supply products. in addition, upon the expiration or termination of our distribution agreement for walgreens pharmacies, our distribution agreement with boots uk ltd. or our generics purchasing services arrangement with wbad, there can be no assurance that we or wba will be willing to renew, on terms favorable to us or at all.
our generic pharmaceutical program has also benefited from the generics purchasing services arrangement with wbad. if the operations of wba are seriously disrupted for any reason, whether by the covid-19 pandemic, natural disaster, labor disruption, regulatory or governmental action, or otherwise, it could adversely affect our business and our sales and profitability. moreover, if the economic benefits we are able to obtain through the generics purchasing services arrangement with wba decline due to changes in market conditions or other changes impacting the fees and rebates that generic manufacturers make available through the arrangement, our margins and results of operations could also be adversely affected.
in addition, our business may be adversely affected by any operational, financial, or regulatory difficulties that wba experiences, including any disruptions of certain of its existing distribution facilities or retail pharmacies resulting from ongoing inspections by the dea and/or state regulatory agencies and possible revocation of the controlled substance registrations for those facilities and pharmacies.
our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if we undertake acquisitions of or investments in businesses that do not perform as we expect or that are difficult for us to integrate.
as part of our strategy we seek to pursue acquisitions of and investments in other companies. at any particular time, we may be in various stages of assessment, discussion, and negotiation with regard to one or more potential acquisitions or investments, not all of which will be consummated. we make public disclosure of pending and completed acquisitions when appropriate and required by applicable securities laws and regulations. on june 1, 2021, we completed our acquisition of alliance healthcare from wba for $5,596.7 million in net cash, $229.1 million of the our common stock, and $6.1 million of other equity consideration (see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements). on september 12, 2022, we announced our intent to acquire pharmalex holding gmbh ("pharmalex") for €1,280 million in cash, subject to certain customary adjustments. the pharmalex transaction is expected to close by march 2023 and is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals. alliance healthcare and pharmalex operate in the united kingdom, germany, a number of other countries in the european union, and in select other markets. we may find that our ability to integrate and control alliance healthcare and pharmalex is more difficult, time consuming or costly than expected, especially in certain countries where our investment is not wholly-owned, such as our 50%-owned alliance healthcare egypt subsidiary. each of alliance healthcare and pharmalex may fail to achieve its expected future financial and operating performance and results and the acquisitions may have the effect of disrupting relationships with employees, suppliers, and other business partners.
acquisitions involve numerous risks and uncertainties and may be of businesses or in regions in which we lack operational or market experience. acquired companies may have business practices that we are not accustomed to or have unique terms and conditions with their business partners. as a result of the acquisition of alliance healthcare and other future acquisitions, including pharmalex, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: regulatory or compliance issues that could arise; changes in regulations and laws; the failure of the acquired businesses to achieve the results we have projected in either the near or long term; the assumption of unknown liabilities, including litigation risks; the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed not being properly estimated; the difficulties of imposing adequate financial and operating controls on the acquired companies and their management and the potential liabilities that might arise pending the imposition of adequate controls; the difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired companies; and the failure to achieve the strategic objectives of these acquisitions. our businesses operate in a number of jurisdictions, including egypt and other locations, that have a higher business, operating and regulatory risk profile than the united states and european union jurisdictions. such risks may include risks of violation of united states, united kingdom and other anti-corruption, anti-bribery and international trade laws. our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if we are not able to effectively put in place effective financial controls and compliance policies to safeguard against such risks as part of our integration of businesses, including alliance healthcare.
our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we fail to manage and complete divestitures.
we regularly evaluate our portfolio to determine whether an asset or business may no longer help us meet our objectives. when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies, which could delay the achievement of our strategic objectives. further, divestitures may be delayed due to failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or may become more difficult to execute due to conditions placed upon approval that could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of a transaction. the impact of a divestiture on our results of operations could also be greater than anticipated.
our results of operations and our financial condition may be adversely affected by our global operations.
we conduct operations in over 50 countries, which subjects us to various risks inherent in global operations. we may conduct business in additional foreign jurisdictions in the future, which may carry operational risks in addition to the risks of acquisition described above. at any particular time, our global operations may be affected by local changes in laws, regulations, and political and economic environments, including inflation, recession, currency volatility, and competition, as well as business and operational decisions made by joint venture partners. for example, during fiscal 2022, turkey became a "highly inflationary economy," as defined under u.s. gaap, which impacted our consolidated financial statements.
furthermore, geopolitical dynamics caused by political, economic, social or other conditions in foreign countries and regions may impact our business and results of operations. during fiscal 2022, we have experienced increased costs, including for fuel, and it is possible that we could experience supply disruptions or shortages if tariffs or other protective measures are enacted. significantly higher and sustained rates of inflation, with subsequent increases in operational costs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. the continued threat of terrorism and heightened security and military action in response thereto, or any other current or future acts of terrorism, war (such as the ongoing russia and ukraine war), and other events (such as economic sanctions and trade restrictions, including those related to the on-going russia and ukraine war) may cause further disruptions to the economies of the united states and other countries and create further uncertainties or could otherwise negatively impact our business, operating results, and financial condition.
changes or uncertainty in u.s. policies or policies in other countries and regions in which we do business, including any changes or uncertainty with respect to u.s. or international trade policies or tariffs, also can disrupt our global operations, as well as our customers and suppliers, in a particular location and may require us to spend more money to source certain products or materials that we purchase. any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations.
we might be adversely impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
we conduct our business in various currencies, including the u.s. dollar, the euro, the u.k. pound sterling, the turkish lira, the egyptian pound, the brazilian real, and the canadian dollar. changes in foreign currency exchange rates could reduce our revenues, increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our financial results reported in u.s. dollars. we may from time to time enter into foreign currency contracts, foreign currency borrowings or other techniques intended to hedge a portion of our foreign currency exchange rate risks. these hedging activities may not completely offset the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates during the time the hedges are in place. any of these risks might have an adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
we might be adversely impacted by the january 2020 withdrawal of the united kingdom from the european union.
we have continued to expand our operations in the united kingdom and the european union and face risks associated with the uncertainty and potential disruptions associated with the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union ("brexit"). we continue to believe brexit could adversely affect political, regulatory, economic or market conditions and contribute to instability in global political institutions, regulatory agencies and financial markets. for example, we might experience volatility in exchange rates and interest rates and changes in laws regulating our united kingdom operations as well as sourcing disruptions and associated pricing volatility. customers might reduce purchases due to the uncertainty caused by brexit. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. similar future trade disruptions or disputes could have a negative impact on our operations in the united kingdom and european union and other parts of the world.
we are subject to operational and logistical risks that might not be covered by insurance.
we have distribution centers and facilities located in the united states, the united kingdom, the european union and throughout the world. our business exposes us to risks that are inherent in the distribution of pharmaceuticals and the provision of related services, including cold chain storage and shipping. the volume of cold chain storage and shipping has increased in part due to the covid-19 pandemic and the requirements for distribution of covid-19 vaccines and certain treatments. we expect this trend to continue. although we seek to maintain adequate insurance coverage, coverage on acceptable terms might be unavailable, coverage might not cover our losses, coverage might be significantly more costly or may require large deductibles.
additionally, we seek to maintain coverage for risks associated with cybersecurity, but such insurance has become increasingly difficult to secure and, in some cases, policies may not provide adequate coverage for possible losses. uninsured losses or operational losses that result from large deductible payments under commercial insurance coverage might have an adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
we might be unable to successfully recruit and retain qualified employees.
our ability to attract, engage, develop and retain qualified and experienced employees, including key executives and other talent, is essential for us to meet our objectives. we compete with many other businesses to attract and retain employees. competition among potential employers might result in increased salaries, benefits or other employee-related costs, or in our failure to recruit and retain employees. we may experience sudden loss of key personnel due to a variety of causes, such as illness, and must adequately plan for succession of key management roles. employees might not successfully transition into new roles. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
additionally, approximately 28% of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, nearly all of whom are employees located outside of the united states. we believe that our relationship with our employees is good but if any of our employees in locations that are unionized should engage in strikes or other such bargaining tactics in connection with the negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements upon the expiration of any existing collective bargaining agreements, such tactics could be disruptive to our operations and adversely affect our results of operations.
industry and economic risks our results of operations could be adversely impacted by manufacturer pricing changes.
our contractual arrangements with pharmaceutical manufacturers for the purchase of brand pharmaceutical products in the united states generally use wholesale acquisition cost ("wac") as the reference price. we sell brand pharmaceutical products to many of our customers using wac as the reference price and to other customers based on their negotiated contract price. if manufacturers change their pricing policies or practices with regard to wac or if prices charged by manufacturers do not align with prices negotiated to be paid by our customers, and we are unable to negotiate alternative ways to be compensated by manufacturers or customers for the value of our services, our results of operations could be adversely affected. additionally, there are a number of u.s. government policy initiatives being considered which, if enacted, could directly or indirectly regulate or impact wac prices. if such initiatives are passed or finalized and we are unable to negotiate equitable changes with our suppliers and/or customers, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.
the pharmaceutical products that we purchase are also subject to price inflation and deflation. additionally, certain distribution service agreements that we have entered into with brand and generic pharmaceutical manufacturers have a price appreciation component to them. as a result, our gross profit from brand-name and generic pharmaceuticals continues to be subject to fluctuation based upon the timing and extent of manufacturer price increases, which we do not control. if the frequency or rate of brand and generic pharmaceutical price increases slows, whether due to regulatory mandates, the implementation of legislative proposals, policy initiatives or voluntary manufacturer actions, our results of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, generic pharmaceuticals are also subject to price deflation. if the frequency or rate of generic pharmaceutical price deflation accelerates, the negative impact on our results of operations will be greater.
competition and industry consolidation may erode our profit.
as described in greater detail in the "competition" section, the industries in which we operate are highly competitive. in addition, the healthcare industry continues to experience increasing consolidation, including through the formation of strategic alliances among pharmaceutical manufacturers, retail pharmacies, healthcare providers and health insurers, which may create further competitive pressures on our pharmaceutical distribution business. continued consolidation within the healthcare industry could adversely affect our results of operations, to the extent we experience reduced negotiating power or possible customer losses.
our revenue and results of operations may suffer upon the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of a significant customer.
most of our customers buy pharmaceuticals and other products and services from us on credit. credit is made available to customers based upon our assessment and analysis of creditworthiness. although we often try to obtain a security interest in assets and other arrangements intended to protect our credit exposure, we generally are either subordinated to the position of the primary lenders to our customers or substantially unsecured. volatility of the capital and credit markets, general economic conditions, and regulatory changes, including changes in reimbursement, may adversely affect the solvency or creditworthiness of our customers. the covid-19 pandemic has increased volatility of the capital and credit markets and has led to a general worsening of economic conditions, which has put financial pressure on many of our customers and may threaten certain customers' ability to maintain liquidity sufficient to repay their obligations to us as they become due. the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of any customer that has a substantial amount owed to us could have a material adverse effect on our operating revenue and results of operations. as of september 30, 2022, our two largest trade receivable balances due from customers represented approximately 38% and 7% of accounts receivable, net.
our results of operations may suffer upon the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of a significant supplier.
our relationships with pharmaceutical suppliers give rise to substantial amounts that are due to us from the suppliers, including amounts owed to us for returned goods or defective goods, chargebacks, and amounts due to us for services provided to the suppliers. volatility of the capital and credit markets, general economic conditions, pending litigation, and regulatory changes may adversely affect the solvency or creditworthiness of our suppliers. the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of any supplier at a time when the supplier has a substantial account payable balance due to us could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. furthermore, the bankruptcy, insolvency or other credit failure of a significant supplier could have an adverse effect on the supply or availability of products which may cause supply chain disruptions and increases in the price of substitutes or alternatives.
our stock price and our ability to access credit markets may be adversely affected by financial market volatility and disruption or a downgrade in our credit ratings.
if the capital and credit markets experience significant disruption and volatility in the future, there can be no assurance that we will not experience downward movement in our stock price without regard to our financial condition or results of operations or an adverse effect, which may be material, on our ability to access credit. although we believe that our operating cash flow and existing credit arrangements give us the ability to meet our financing needs, there can be no assurance that disruption and volatility will not increase our costs of borrowing, impair our liquidity, or adversely impact our business.
additionally, rating agencies continually review the ratings they have assigned to us and our outstanding debt securities. to maintain our ratings, we are required to meet certain financial performance ratios. liabilities related to litigation or any significant related settlements, an increase in our debt or a decline in our earnings could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade or have been assigned a negative outlook, could limit our access to public debt markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit to us, result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our public and private debt, and would likely increase our overall borrowing costs and adversely affect our earnings.
declining economic conditions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our operations and performance depend on economic conditions in the united states and other countries or regions where we do business. deterioration in general economic conditions, whether due to covid-19 or otherwise, could adversely affect the amount of prescriptions that are filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers and, therefore, could reduce purchases by our customers, which would negatively affect our revenue growth and cause a decrease in our profitability. negative trends in the general economy, including interest rate fluctuations, financial market volatility, or credit market disruptions, may also affect our customers' ability to obtain credit to finance their businesses on acceptable terms and reduce discretionary spending on health products. reduced purchases by our customers or changes in payment terms could adversely affect our revenue growth and cause a decrease in our cash flows from operations. bankruptcies or similar events affecting our customers may cause us to incur bad debt expense at levels higher than historically experienced. declining economic conditions or increases in inflation may also increase our costs. if the economic conditions in the united states or in the countries or regions where we do business deteriorate, our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.
litigation and regulatory risks increasing governmental efforts to regulate the pharmaceutical supply channel may increase our costs and reduce our profitability.
the healthcare industry in the united states, as well as in the other countries and regions in which we do business, is highly regulated at many levels of government. there have been increasing efforts in the united states by congress and state and federal agencies, including state boards of pharmacy, departments of health, the fda, dea, and tsa, and by similar regulators in the united kingdom, the european union, and other countries, to regulate the pharmaceutical supply chain. regulation of pharmaceutical distribution is intended to prevent diversion and the introduction of counterfeit, adulterated, and/or mislabeled drugs into the pharmaceutical distribution system, as well as provide assurance over the integrity of products traversing the supply chain. consequently, we are subject to the risk of changes in various laws, which include operating, record keeping, and security standards of the dea, the fda, various state boards of pharmacy and comparable agencies. in recent years, some governments have passed or proposed laws and regulations that are intended to protect the safety and security of the supply channel but that also may substantially increase the costs and burden of pharmaceutical distribution.
at the federal level, in the united states, the dscsa establishes national traceability standards requiring drugs to be labeled and tracked at the bottle level, preempts state drug pedigree requirements, and requires all supply-chain stakeholders to participate in an electronic, interoperable prescription drug traceability system by november 2023. the dscsa also establishes requirements for drug wholesale distributors and third-party logistics providers, including licensing requirements applicable in states that had not previously licensed third-party logistics providers. the fda, and eventually all comparable state agencies, will promulgate implementing regulations governing wholesale distributor and third-party logistics providers. most recently, on february 4, 2022, the fda issued a proposed rule, which, when finalized, will establish the national standards for the licensure of wholesale drug distributors and third-party logistics providers.
failure to comply with the dqsa requirements or with additional similar governmental regulatory and licensing requirements may result in suspension or delay of certain operations and additional costs to bring our facilities into compliance. our international operations may also be subject to local regulations containing record-keeping and other obligations related to our distribution operations in those locations. for example, in 2019, the safety features of the falsified medicines directive became operational in eu member states, which consists of placing a unique identifier (a two-dimensional barcode) and an anti-tampering device on the outer packaging of medicines. pedigree tracking laws increase our compliance burden and our pharmaceutical distribution costs and could have an adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations.
as discussed in the risk factor below about public concern over the abuse of opioid medications, certain governmental and regulatory agencies, as well as state and local jurisdictions, are focused on the abuse of opioid medications in the united states. in addition to conducting investigations and participating in litigation related to the misuse of prescription opioid medications, federal, state and local governmental and regulatory agencies are considering legislation and regulatory measures to limit opioid prescriptions and more closely monitor product distribution, prescribing, and dispensing of these drugs.
complying with the dqsa requirements, including the dscsa requirements, and other chain of custody and pharmaceutical distribution requirements, including follow-on actions related to current public concern over the abuse of opioid medications, could result in suspension or delays in our production and distribution activities which may increase our costs and could otherwise adversely affect our results of operations.
legal, regulatory, and legislative changes with respect to reimbursement, pricing, and contracting may adversely affect our business and results of operations, including through declining reimbursement rates.
both our business and our customers' businesses may be adversely affected by laws and regulations reducing reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals and/or medical treatments or services, changing the methodology by which reimbursement levels are determined, or regulating pricing, contracting, and discounting practices with respect to medical products and services. additionally, on occasion, price increases and pricing practices with respect to certain brand and generic pharmaceuticals have been the subject of governmental inquiries, national, federal and state investigations and private litigation. any law or regulation impacting pharmaceutical pricing or reimbursement, such as pricing controls or indexing models at a national, federal or state level, could adversely affect our operations.
in the european union, many governments provide or subsidize healthcare to consumers and regulate pharmaceutical prices, patient eligibility and reimbursement levels in order to control government healthcare system costs. in most eu member states, for example, the government regulates pricing of a new pharmaceutical product at launch often through direct price controls, international price comparisons, controlling profits and/or reference pricing. some european governments have implemented or are considering austerity measures to reduce healthcare spending such as volume discounts, cost caps, cost sharing for increases in excess of prior year costs for individual products or aggregated market level spending, outcome-based pricing schemes and free products for a portion of the expected therapy period. all of these measures exert pressure on the pricing and reimbursement levels for pharmaceuticals and may cause our customers to purchase fewer of our products and services or influence us to reduce prices.
in the united states, federal insurance and healthcare reform legislation known as the affordable care act ("aca") became law in march 2010, and included numerous reforms broadening healthcare access and affecting medicare and medicaid reimbursement, pricing, and contracting for prescription drugs, including changes to the medicaid rebate statute. we cannot predict the impact that any efforts to change or repeal any provisions of the aca may have on the aca or other healthcare legislation and regulation.
subsequent legislation has made additional changes to federal drug payment policies, including the bipartisan budget act of 2018, which increased the medicaid rebate due with respect to line extensions of single source or innovator multiple source oral solid dosage form drugs. the federal government and state governments could take other actions in the future that impact medicaid reimbursement and rebate amounts or the cost of drugs. any reduction in the medicaid reimbursement rates to our customers may indirectly impact the prices that we can charge our customers for multiple source pharmaceuticals and cause corresponding declines in our profitability. there can be no assurance that recent or future changes in medicaid prescription drug reimbursement policies will not have an adverse impact on our business. unless we are able to successfully advocate to prevent or mitigate the impact of these legislative and regulatory changes, these changes in reimbursement and related reporting requirements could adversely affect our results of operations.
more recently, on august 16, 2022, president biden signed into law the inflation reduction act ("ira"), an omnibus budget law which contains significant reforms affecting prescription drug pricing and reimbursement. these reforms include: (i) manufacturer inflation rebates on drugs covered under medicare part b and medicare part d, to the extent such products' prices increase faster than the rate of consumer price inflation, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022 for part d drugs and the first quarter of 2023 for part b drugs; (ii) limits on medicare part b and part d patients' cost sharing for insulin, beginning in 2023; (iii) medicare part d benefit redesign beginning in 2024, including replacement of the "coverage gap discounts" that pharmaceutical manufacturers currently pay with new mandatory manufacturer discounts applicable during all phases of the part d benefit after satisfaction of the deductible, beginning in 2025; and (iv) federal price negotiation of "maximum fair prices" for certain "selected" high-expenditure drugs under medicare parts d and b, applicable beginning in 2026 for part d drugs and 2028 for part b drugs, under which maximum fair prices must be made available to pharmacies, physicians, and other entities dispensing or providing drugs covered under medicare parts d and b. although the primary effects of the ira reforms will be felt by manufacturers, these changes may impact our customer pricing structures, our manufacturer distribution relationships and revenue, our customers' billing processes and reimbursement amounts, and drug prices more generally (including outside of the medicare context). among other issues, the mechanisms by which maximum fair prices will be made available to pharmacies, physicians and other purchasers of selected drugs, and our associated role and responsibilities, remain to be determined. more broadly, the law contains reimbursement and pricing incentives designed to promote biosimilar introduction and competition which may affect our customers' selection of products. each of these considerations, as well as other issues that may arise in connection with the implementation of the ira, may adversely affect our operations and profitability.
our businesses also sell specialty and other drugs to physicians, hospitals, community oncology practices and other providers that are reimbursed under part b of the medicare program. the centers for medicare & medicaid services ("cms") published a final rule in november 2017 that reduces medicare outpatient hospital reimbursement for separately payable drugs (other than vaccines) purchased through the 340b drug discount program from average sales price ("asp") plus 6% to asp minus 22.5% (with certain exceptions), effective january 2018. subsequently, cms issued proposed rules for later years containing similar reductions in hospital outpatient payments for 340b drugs. in june 2022, the united states supreme court ruled in american hospital association v. becerra that cms's final rule was inconsistent with the medicare statute and was therefore invalid. following the supreme court's decision, cms published a proposed rule for the calendar year 2023 hospital outpatient payment system, which did not propose a specific "refund" mechanism to implement reimbursement provisions consistent with the supreme court's decision but advised the public that the final rule is likely to include such a mechanism and solicited comments on particular approaches. while the court's decision (if fully implemented by cms) removes the reimbursement restrictions for 340b products affecting our customers and indirectly the company, there can be no assurance that recent or future rules established by cms will not have an adverse impact on our business.
further, even where a government does not affirmatively change drug price regulation standards, other parties in the drug manufacturing and distribution system may change their interpretation or approach to implementing or complying with those standards, in a manner that may adversely affect our business. for example, the 340b drug discount program requires manufacturers to provide discounts on outpatient drugs to "covered entity" safety net providers, and previous health resources and services administration ("hrsa") guidance has allowed covered entities to dispense 340b discounted drugs through arrangements with multiple "contract pharmacies." recently, several manufacturers have announced initiatives that may inhibit or limit covered entities' ability to use any, or multiple, contract pharmacies, may place conditions on the use of contract pharmacies, or direct us not to honor 340b discounted pricing requests on orders to be shipped to contract pharmacies (or may not honor chargebacks where such discounts are extended to contract pharmacies). since these manufacturer policies were first announced, both manufacturers and covered entities have filed lawsuits against hrsa regarding the contract pharmacy policy, which are currently pending, in several federal district and appellate courts, and hrsa has also advised certain manufacturers that it was referring their policies to the office of inspector general of the department of health and human services for potential civil money penalty enforcement proceedings. we cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings. our customers include covered entities and organizations with significant participation as contract pharmacies, and the unavailability of 340b discounts through contract pharmacy arrangements may adversely affect such customers and, therefore, could adversely affect our business.
the federal government may adopt measures in the future that would further reduce medicare and/or medicaid spending or impose additional requirements on healthcare entities. any future reductions in medicare reimbursement rates or modifications to medicare drug pricing regulations such as asp calculations, or the extension of ira pricing reforms to commercial health plans, could negatively impact our customers' businesses and their ability to continue to purchase such drugs from us, or could indirectly affect the structure of our relationships with manufacturers and our customers. at this time, we can provide no assurances that future medicare, medicaid or other insurance payment or policy changes, if adopted, would not have a material adverse effect on our business.
finally, federal and state governments may adopt policies affecting drug pricing and contracting practices outside of the context of federal programs such as medicare and medicaid, which may adversely affect our business. for example, several states have adopted laws that require drug manufacturers to provide advance notice of certain price increases and to report information relating to those price increases, while others have taken legislative or administrative action to establish prescription drug affordability boards or multi-payer purchasing pools to reduce the cost of prescription drugs. on july 31, 2019, the department of health and human services announced a "safe importation action plan" that outlines two potential pathways to allow importation of certain drugs from foreign markets. following this framework, the fda proposed a draft rule in december 2019 that would allow importation of certain lower-cost prescription drugs from canada, and in september 2020 the rulemaking was finalized by the fda along with an industry guidance document. under the rule, states or certain other non-federal governmental entities would be able to submit importation program proposals to the fda for review and authorization of two-year programs (with the opportunity to extend for two more years). the new rule became effective on november 30, 2020, although its implementation has been delayed and its impact is uncertain, in part because lawsuits have been filed challenging the government's authority to promulgate it. further, authorities in canada have passed rules designed to safeguard the canadian drug supply from shortages. despite the ongoing litigation, on july 9, 2021, president biden signed an executive order pertaining to drug pricing that directs the commissioner of the fda to work with states and indian tribes to facilitate the commercial importation of certain prescription drugs from canada. in march 2022, fda met with representatives from colorado, florida, maine, new mexico and vermont to provide assistance in developing importation proposals. if implemented, importation of drugs from canada may materially and adversely affect our business. the regulatory and market implications of the final rule and guidance are unknown at this time. proponents of drug reimportation may attempt to pass legislation that would directly allow reimportation under certain circumstances. legislation or regulations allowing the reimportation of drugs, if enacted, could decrease the price we receive for products and adversely affect our future revenues and prospects for profitability.
there can be no assurances that future changes to drug reimbursement policies, drug pricing and contracting practices outside of federal healthcare programs, or to government drug price regulation programs such as the medicaid rebate, asp, or 340b program will not have an adverse impact on our business.
if we fail to comply with laws and regulations in respect of healthcare fraud and abuse, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations.
we are subject to extensive and frequently changing laws and regulations relating to healthcare fraud and abuse. the u.s. federal government continues to strengthen its scrutiny of practices potentially involving healthcare fraud affecting medicare, medicaid and other government healthcare programs. our relationships with healthcare providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers subject our business to laws and regulations on fraud and abuse which, among other things, (i) prohibit persons from soliciting, offering, receiving or paying any remuneration in order to induce the referral of a patient for treatment or the ordering or purchasing of items or services that are in any way paid for by medicare, medicaid or other government-sponsored healthcare programs and (ii) impose a number of restrictions upon referring physicians and providers of designated health services under medicare and medicaid programs. legislative provisions relating to healthcare fraud and abuse give federal enforcement personnel substantially increased funding, powers and remedies to pursue suspected fraud and abuse, and these enforcement authorities were further expanded by the aca. many states have enacted similar statutes which are not necessarily limited to items and services for which payment is made by federal healthcare programs. while we believe that we are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, many of the regulations applicable to us, including those relating to certain incentives offered in connection with sales of pharmaceutical products and related services, are vague or indefinite, and have not been interpreted by the courts. they may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations. if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to administrative, civil and criminal penalties, including the loss of licenses or our ability to participate in medicare, medicaid, and other federal, state, or governmental healthcare programs.
our business, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected by legal proceedings.
due to the nature of our operations, which we conduct through a variety of businesses, including the distribution of pharmaceuticals, the dispensing of healthcare products, and the provision of services to the pharmaceutical industry, each of our businesses may cause us to become involved in government investigations, legal disputes or proceedings. these investigations, disputes or proceedings have involved or may involve healthcare fraud and abuse, the false claims act, antitrust, class action, commercial, employment, environmental, intellectual property, licensing, public disclosures and various other claims, including claims related to opioid medications as discussed in the risk factor below.
litigation is inherently unpredictable and the unfavorable outcome of legal proceedings could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. litigation is costly, time-consuming, and disruptive to ordinary business operations. the defense and resolution of these current and future proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. violations of various laws, including with respect to the marketing, sale, purchase, and dispensing of pharmaceutical products and the provision of services to the pharmaceutical industry, can result in criminal, civil, and administrative liability for which there can be significant financial damages, criminal and civil penalties, and possible exclusion from participation in federal and state health programs. any settlement, judgment or fine could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
statutory and/or regulatory violations could also form the basis for qui tam complaints. the qui tam provisions of the federal and various state civil false claims acts authorize a private person, known as a relator, to file civil actions under these statutes on behalf of the federal and state governments. under false claims acts, the filing of a qui tam complaint by a relator imposes obligations on government authorities to investigate the allegations and determine whether or not to intervene in the action. such cases may involve allegations around the marketing, sale, purchase, and/or dispensing of brand and/or generic pharmaceutical products or the provision of services to the pharmaceutical industry. such complaints are filed under seal and remain sealed until the applicable court orders otherwise. our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if qui tam complaints are filed against us for alleged violations of any health laws and regulations and damages arising from resultant false claims, if the litigation proceeds whether or not government authorities decide to intervene in any such matters, and/or if we are found liable for all or any portion of violations alleged in any such matters.
in fiscal 2018, we resolved potential civil claims and administrative action by entering into, among other things, a corporate integrity agreement with the office of inspector general of the u.s. department of health and human services. the corporate integrity agreement has a five-year term. failure to comply with obligations under the corporate integrity agreement could lead to monetary or other penalties.
opioid-related legal proceedings and the comprehensive settlement agreement that we have entered into could adversely impact our cash flows or results of operations.
on july 21, 2021, we announced that amerisourcebergen and the two other national pharmaceutical distributors had negotiated a comprehensive proposed settlement agreement that would result in the resolution of a substantial majority of opioid lawsuits filed by state and local governmental entities (the "settlement agreement"). on april 2, 2022, the settlement agreement became effective, and as of september 30, 2022, it included 48 of 49 eligible states (the "settling states"), as well as 99% by population of the eligible political subdivisions in the settling states. pursuant to the settlement agreement and related agreements with settling states, we will pay up to approximately $6.4 billion over 18 years and comply with other requirements, including establishment of a clearinghouse that will consolidate data from all three national distributors. the settlement agreement does not contemplate participation by any non-governmental or non-political entities or individuals. our estimated liability related to the state of alabama (with whom we have not reached a settlement agreement), as well as other opioid-related litigation for which we have reached settlements agreements, is approximately $0.4 billion.
net of $0.8 billion of payments made through september 30, 2022,we have a $6.0 billion liability on our consolidated balance sheet as of september 30, 2022 for litigation relating to the settlement agreement, as well as other opioid-related litigation. we currently estimate that $528.7 million will be paid prior to september 30, 2023, which is recorded in accrued expenses and other on our consolidated balance sheet. the remaining long-term liability of $5.5 billion is recorded in accrued litigation liability on our consolidated balance sheet. while we have accrued an estimated liability for opioid litigation, we are unable to estimate the range of possible loss associated with the matters that are not included in the settlement accrual. because loss contingencies are inherently unpredictable and unfavorable developments or resolutions can occur, the assessment is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events, and the amount of ultimate loss may differ materially from the amount accrued to date. until such time as otherwise resolved, we will continue to litigate and prepare for trial and to vigorously defend ourself in all such matters. since these matters are still developing, we are unable to predict the outcome, but the result of these lawsuits could include excessive monetary verdicts and/or injunctive relief that may affect our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and cash flows and could result in a lower than historical level of capital available for deployment, including a lower level of capital returned to stockholders. further details on the settlement agreement and opioid litigation are provided in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
public concern over the abuse of opioid medications, including increased legal and regulatory action, could negatively affect our business.
certain governmental and regulatory agencies, as well as state and local jurisdictions, are focused on the abuse of opioid medications in the united states. federal, state and local governmental and regulatory agencies are conducting investigations of us and others in the pharmaceutical supply chain, including pharmaceutical manufacturers, national retail pharmacy chains, independent pharmacies, prescribers, and other pharmaceutical wholesale distributors, regarding the manufacture, dispensing, and distribution of opioid medications. in addition, a significant number of lawsuits have been filed against us, other pharmaceutical wholesale distributors, and others in the pharmaceutical supply chain by state and local governmental entities and other plaintiffs for claims related to the company's distribution of opioid medications. the lawsuits against us and other pharmaceutical wholesale distributors allege, among other claims, that we failed to provide effective controls and procedures to guard against the diversion of controlled substances, acted negligently by distributing controlled substances to pharmacies that serve individuals who abuse controlled substances, and failed to report suspicious orders of controlled substances in accordance with regulations. additional governmental and regulatory entities have indicated an intent to sue and may conduct investigations of us in the future, and lawsuits could be brought against the company by other plaintiffs under other theories related to opioid abuse. we are deeply committed to diversion control efforts, have sophisticated systems to identify orders placed warranting further review to determine if they are suspicious (including through the use of data analytics), and engage in due diligence and ongoing monitoring of customers. in addition to the claims brought by states and other local governmental entities, we are also being sued by private plaintiffs, such as unions, other health and welfare funds, hospital systems, third party payors, other healthcare providers and individuals alleging personal injury for the same activities, and continue to be named as a defendant in additional lawsuits.
in april 2022, the settlement agreement described above, which settles the vast majority of opioid-related lawsuits filed against us by state and local governmental entities, became effective. the settlement agreement includes a cash component, pursuant to which we will pay up to approximately $6.4 billion, the majority of which we expect to be paid over 18 years. the settlement agreement also includes injunctive relief terms relating to distributors' controlled substance anti-diversion programs, including with respect to: (i) governance; (ii) independence and training of the personnel operating controlled substances monitoring programs; (iii) due diligence for new and existing customers; (iv) ordering limits for certain products; and (v) suspicious order monitoring. a monitor will oversee compliance with these provisions for a period of five years. in addition, the distributors will engage a third-party vendor to act as a clearinghouse for data aggregation and reporting, which the distributors will fund for ten years. it is possible that the implementation and maintenance of the required changes to distributors' controlled substance anti-diversion programs may result in unforeseen costs or operational challenges which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations or performance.
legislative, regulatory or industry measures to address the misuse of prescription opioid medications may also affect our business in ways that we are not be able to predict. certain jurisdictions have enacted, and others are considering, legislation that could require entities to pay an assessment or tax on the sale or distribution of opioid medications in those states. if additional state or local jurisdictions enact legislation that taxes or assesses the sale or distribution of opioid medications and we are not able to mitigate the impact on our business through operational changes or commercial arrangements where permitted, such legislation in the aggregate may have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.
ongoing unfavorable publicity regarding the abuse or misuse of prescription opioid pain medications and the role of wholesale distributors in the supply chain of such prescription medications, as well as the continued proliferation of the opioid lawsuits, investigations, regulations and legislative actions, and unfavorable publicity in relation to those lawsuits could continue to have a material adverse effect on our reputation or results of operations.
tax legislation or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to tax laws and regulations of the u.s. federal, state and local governments, and various foreign jurisdictions. from time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect our tax positions and/or our tax liabilities. in august 2022, the u.s. inflation reduction act of 2022 was signed into law. this law, among other things, provides for a corporate alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income and an excise tax on corporate stock repurchases. we are continuing to evaluate the impact this new law may have on our financial position and results of operations. in addition, there are several proposed changes to u.s. and non-u.s. tax legislation, which if enacted, could have a negative impact on our effective tax rate. foreign governments may enact tax laws that could result in further changes to global taxation that could materially affect our financial position and results of operations. in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the u.s. internal revenue service and other tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. these examinations may result in unforeseen tax-related liabilities, which may harm our future financial results.
an increasing number of states and foreign jurisdictions have adopted laws or administrative practices, that impose new taxes on all or a portion of gross revenue or other similar amounts or impose additional obligations to collect transaction taxes such as sales, consumption, value added, or similar taxes. we may not have sufficient lead time to build systems and processes to collect these taxes properly, or at all. failure to comply with such laws or administrative practices, or a successful assertion by such states or foreign jurisdictions requiring us to collect taxes where we do not, could result in material tax liabilities, including for past sales, as well as penalties and interest.
there can be no assurance that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by legislation resulting from these initiatives both within the united states and other foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. in addition, tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. while we believe that our historical tax positions are consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and existing precedent, there can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge.
due to the potential for changes to tax laws and regulations or changes to the interpretation thereof, the ambiguity of tax laws and regulations, the subjectivity of factual interpretations, the complexity of our business and intercompany arrangements, uncertainties regarding the geographic mix of earnings in any particular period, and other factors, material adjustments to our tax estimates may impact our provision for income taxes and our earnings per share, as well as our cash flows.
violations of anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and/or international trade laws to which we are subject could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations.
we are subject to laws concerning our business operations and marketing activities in foreign countries where we conduct business. for example, we are subject to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), u.s. export control and trade sanction laws, and similar anti-corruption and international trade laws in certain foreign countries, such as the u.k. bribery act, any violation of which could create substantial liability for us and also cause a loss of reputation in the market. we may also have substantial liability if a third party acting on our behalf or on the behalf of our subsidiaries (including our joint venture partners) is in violation of these laws. the fcpa generally prohibits u.s. companies and their officers, directors, employees, and intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business abroad or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. the fcpa also requires that u.s. public companies maintain books and records that fairly and accurately reflect transactions and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. if we are found to have violated the fcpa, we may face sanctions including civil and criminal fines, disgorgement of profits, and suspension or debarment of our ability to contract with government agencies or receive export licenses. we have business operations in many countries worldwide, including business operations in egypt (through our 50%-owned alliance healthcare egypt subsidiary) as well as brazil and turkey, and other countries that are considered to have business environments with higher risk of conduct that could give rise to potential violations and liabilities. from time to time, we may face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our international business activities, compliance with which could be costly and time-consuming, and could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. an adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could subject us to fines or other penalties, which could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations.
our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect personal data could result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business.
given the nature of our business, we, together with third parties acting on our behalf, receive, collect, process, use, and retain sensitive and confidential customer and employee data, in addition to proprietary business information. some of our third-party service providers, such as identity verification and payment processing providers, also regularly have access to customer data. additionally, we maintain other confidential, proprietary, or otherwise sensitive information relating to our business and from third parties.
global privacy, cybersecurity and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, extensive, and complex. compliance with these laws and regulations is difficult and costly. the interpretation and application of these laws in some instances is uncertain, and our legal and regulatory obligations are subject to frequent changes. we are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing data privacy regulations both in the united states and beyond that regulate the collection, use, security, processing, and transfer of personal data, including particularly the transfer of personal data between or among countries. many of these regulations also grant rights to individuals. many foreign data privacy regulations (including, without limitation, gdpr in the european union, uk gdpr, brazil's general data protection law, lgpd, and the personal information protection and electronic documents act in canada) and certain state laws and regulations (including california's ccpa and recently enacted consumer privacy laws in colorado, connecticut, utah, and virginia) impose requirements beyond those enacted under united states federal law including, in some instances, private rights of action. for example, the eu gdpr imposes more stringent data protection requirements, including a broader scope of protected data, restrictions on cross-border transfers of personal data and more onerous breach reporting requirements, and the eu gdpr imposes greater penalties for non-compliance than the federal data protection laws in the united states. other states and countries continue to enact similar legislation. we are also required to comply with expanding and increasingly complex cybersecurity regulations in the united states and abroad with respect to reporting adverse events and additional requirements for avoiding or responding to an adverse event. we may also face audits or investigations by domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our compliance with these regulations. an adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could subject us to fines or other penalties. we also have contractual obligations to our customers related to the protection of personal data and compliance with privacy laws. the foregoing or other circumstances related to our collection, use, and transfer of personal data could cause a loss of reputation in the market and/or adversely affect our business and financial position.
other risks the loss or disruption of information systems could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business.
our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; to receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; to account for other product and service transactions with customers; to manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and to process payments to suppliers. we continue to make substantial investments in data centers and information systems, including, but not limited to, those relating to our acquisition of alliance healthcare. to the extent our information systems are not successfully implemented or fail, or to the extent there are data center interruptions or outages, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. our business and results of operations may also be adversely affected if a third-party service provider does not perform satisfactorily, or if the information systems are interrupted or damaged by unforeseen events, including due to the actions of third parties.
information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of cloud-based infrastructure and other services, new technologies, and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks. security incidents such as ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe, as well as increasingly difficult to detect. these risks have increased with the growth of our business, including as we integrate the information systems of acquired businesses, such as alliance healthcare, into our enterprise.
in addition, security incidents may require that we expend substantial additional resources related to the security of information systems and disrupt our businesses. we, and our third-party service providers, may experience cyberattacks aimed at disrupting services. security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent actions by our employees, third-party service providers or their personnel or other parties. a failure, interruption, or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third-party service providers, as a result of cyber-attacks or information security breaches could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information or personal data, damage our reputation, cause loss of customers or revenue, increase our costs, result in litigation and/or regulatory action, and/or cause other losses, any of which might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. as a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. although we believe that we have robust information security procedures, controls and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities.
our failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.
we believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation is critical to our ability to expand and retain our customer base, strategic partnerships and other key relationships. any negative publicity about us or the industry in which we operate we offer may adversely impact our business and operations. furthermore, failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, health and safety, accounting, or environmental standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions, including litigation. negative claims or publicity, including those made on social media, also could adversely affect our reputation and business, regardless of whether such claims are accurate.
our reputation may also depend on the success of our environmental, social and governance ("esg") initiatives, inclusive of sustainability, social impact and corporate responsibility, which require company-wide coordination and alignment. risks associated with these initiatives include increased focus on esg targets, goals and disclosure, including by governmental and nongovernmental organizations, increased costs associated with sustainability efforts, and compliance with laws and regulations. all of the foregoing could expose us to market, operational and execution costs or risks. any esg or sustainability metrics that we currently or may in the future disclose, whether based on the standards we set for ourselves or those set by others, may influence our reputation and the value of our brands. there is also increased focus, including by investors, customers, and other stakeholders, on esg matters, including the use of materials, climate change, waste generation, supply chain, human capital, health equity and worker safety. our reputation could be damaged if we do not, or are perceived to not, act responsibly with respect to sustainability matters, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
we face risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, and the ongoing covid-19 pandemic has had adverse effects on our business.
we face risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, including risks related to any responses thereto by the federal, state or foreign governments as well as customers and suppliers. the covid-19 pandemic has adversely affected our operations, supply chains and distribution network, and we have experienced and expect to continue to experience unpredictable reductions in supply and demand for certain of our products and services. further, it is possible that the manufacturers that produce the products that we distribute may experience delays or shutdowns due to covid-19, such as from disruptions in their supply chains or in a suspension of production at their own facilities. accordingly, we expect the impacts of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic to adversely affect the supply of products and/or potentially disrupt our ability to deliver products to customers. the implementation of any government-mandated vaccination or testing mandates may impact our ability to retain current employees and attract new employees. any extended disruption in our ability to service our customers could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows.
our management of the impact of covid-19 has and will continue to require significant investment of time from our management and employees, as well as resources across our global enterprise. this may cause us to divert or delay the application of our resources toward new initiatives or investments, which may adversely impact our future results of operations. in addition, issues relating to the covid-19 pandemic may result in legal claims or litigation against us. we also face risks related to a downturn in our customers' respective businesses, including the operations of retail pharmacy and health systems customers due to covid-19. an economic slowdown or recession related to covid-19 may affect our customers' ability to obtain credit to finance their business on acceptable terms, which could, in turn, result in reduced spending.
the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact our results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the resurgence of covid-19 and its variants in regions recovering from the impacts of the pandemic, the effectiveness of covid-19 vaccines and the speed at which populations are vaccinated around the globe, the impact of covid-19 on economic activity and regulatory actions taken to contain the impact of covid-19 on public health and the global economy. we have implemented measures designed to keep our employees safe and have protocols in place to address business continuity issues at our distribution centers and other locations, but a widespread or sustained outbreak of covid-19 at one or more locations could disrupt our ability to service our customers or attract and retain the necessary workforce. the impact of covid-19 may also exacerbate other risks discussed in this risk factors section, any of which could have a material effect on us.
our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets may become impaired, which may require us to record a further significant charge to earnings in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") require us to test our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. indicators that are considered include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant negative industry or economic trends, including rising interest rates, or a significant decline in our stock price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time. in addition, we periodically review our intangible and long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable include slower growth rates, the loss of a significant customer, or divestiture of a business or asset for below its carrying value. the testing required by gaap involves estimates and judgments by management.
for example, as a result of a prolonged decline in profarma's stock price, we performed an impairment assessment over our profarma reporting unit as of june 30, 2022. as a result of the june 30, 2022 interim test, we recorded a $75.9 million impairment to goodwill in fiscal 2022. we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets is determined. any such charge could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
natural disasters or other unexpected events, including those related to climate change, may disrupt our operations, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and may not be covered by insurance.
we continue to focus on strategies and systems, such as reducing greenhouse gas emissions and packaging waste, to address climate change. however, we face climate and environmental risks and the occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, drought, storms, sea level rise, floods, and other severe hazards or accidents in the united states, the united kingdom, the european union or in other countries or regions in which we operate could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. extreme weather, natural disasters, power outages, or other unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of distribution centers or outsourcing facilities, temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products, delay in the delivery of products to our distribution centers, and/or disruption of our ability to deliver products to customers. current or future insurance arrangements may not provide protection for costs that may arise from such events, particularly if such events are catastrophic in nature or occur in combination. further, the long-term effects of climate change on general economic conditions and the pharmaceutical distribution industry in particular are unclear, and changes in the supply, demand, or available sources of energy and the regulatory and other costs associated with energy production and delivery may affect the availability or cost of goods and services, including natural resources, necessary to run our businesses. any long-term disruption in our ability to service our customers from one or more distribution centers or outsourcing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained herein.
we are one of the largest global pharmaceutical sourcing and distribution services companies, helping both healthcare providers and pharmaceutical and biotech manufacturers improve patient access to products and enhance patient care. we deliver innovative programs and services designed to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of the pharmaceutical supply chain in both human and animal health.
we are organized geographically based upon the products and services we provide to our customers. at the beginning of fiscal 2022, we re-aligned our reporting structure under two reportable segments: u.s. healthcare solutions and international healthcare solutions. u.s. healthcare solutions consists of the legacy pharmaceutical distribution services reportable segment (excluding profarma distribuidora de produtos farmacêuticos s.a.("profarma")), mwi animal health ("mwi"), xcenda, lash group, and ics 3pl. international healthcare solutions consists of alliance healthcare, world courier, innomar, profarma, and profarma specialty (until it was divested in june 2022). profarma had previously been included in the pharmaceutical distribution services reportable segment. our previously reported segment results have been revised to conform to our re-aligned reporting structure.
u.s. healthcare solutions segment the u.s. healthcare solutions reportable segment distributes a comprehensive offering of brand-name, specialty brand-name and generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter healthcare products, home healthcare supplies and equipment, and related services to a wide variety of healthcare providers, including acute care hospitals and health systems, independent and chain retail pharmacies, mail order pharmacies, medical clinics, long-term care and alternate site pharmacies, and other customers. the u.s. healthcare solutions reportable segment also provides pharmaceutical distribution (including plasma and other blood products, injectable pharmaceuticals, vaccines, and other specialty pharmaceutical products) and additional services to physicians who specialize in a variety of disease states, especially oncology, and to other healthcare providers, including hospitals and dialysis clinics. additionally, the u.s. healthcare solutions reportable segment provides data analytics, outcomes research, and additional services for biotechnology and pharmaceutical manufacturers. the u.s. healthcare solutions reportable segment also provides pharmacy management, staffing and additional consulting services, and supply management software to a variety of retail and institutional healthcare providers. it also provides a full suite of integrated manufacturer services that ranges from clinical trial support to product post-approval and commercialization support. additionally, it delivers packaging solutions to institutional and retail healthcare providers. through its animal health business, the u.s. healthcare solutions reportable segment sells pharmaceuticals, vaccines, parasiticides, diagnostics, micro feed ingredients, and various other products to customers in both the companion animal and production animal markets. it also offers demand-creating sales force services to manufacturers.
international healthcare solutions segment the international healthcare solutions reportable segment consists of businesses that focus on international pharmaceutical wholesale and related service operations and global commercialization services. the international healthcare solutions reportable segment distributes pharmaceuticals, other healthcare products, and related services to healthcare providers, including pharmacies, doctors, health centers and hospitals primarily in europe. it also is a leading global specialty transportation and logistics provider for the biopharmaceutical industry. in canada, the business drives innovative partnerships with manufacturers, providers, and pharmacies to improve product access and efficiency throughout the healthcare supply chain.
recent development pharmalex acquisition in september 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire pharmalex holding gmbh ("pharmalex"), a leading provider of specialized services for the life sciences industry, for €1.28 billion in cash, subject to customary adjustments. pharmalex's services include regulatory affairs, development consulting and scientific affairs, pharmacovigilance, and quality management and compliance. the acquisition will advance our role as a partner of choice for biopharmaceutical manufacturers by enhancing our global portfolio of solutions to support manufacturer partners across the pharmaceutical development and commercialization journey. pharmalex will be a component of our international healthcare solutions reportable segment. the acquisition is expected to close by march 2023 and is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals.
executive summary this executive summary provides highlights from the results of operations that follow:
•revenue increased by $24.6 billion, or 11.5%, from the prior fiscal year, primarily due to our june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare and revenue growth in our u.s. healthcare solutions segment. revenue in international healthcare solutions increased by $15.0 billion, or 129.8%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare. the u.s. healthcare solutions segment grew its revenue $9.6 billion, or 4.8%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to overall market growth principally driven by unit volume growth and increased sales to specialty physician practices, offset in part by a decline in sales of covid-19 treatments (primarily commercial treatments);
•total gross profit increased by $1,353.1 million, or 19.5%, from the prior fiscal year. gross profit was favorably impacted by increases in gross profit in international healthcare solutions of $1,404.7 million, or 91.1%, and u.s. healthcare solutions of $425.8 million, or 8.5%, from the prior fiscal year. gross profit in international healthcare solutions increased from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare. u.s. healthcare solutions' gross profit increased from the prior fiscal year primarily due to overall revenue growth and fees earned relating to the distribution of government-owned covid-19 treatments. these increases were offset in part by last-in, first-out ("lifo") expense in comparison to a lifo credit in the prior year, decreases in gains from antitrust litigation settlements, and the turkey highly inflationary economy's unfavorable impact on the current fiscal year;
•total operating expenses increased by $1,341.0 million, or 29.2%, from the prior fiscal year primarily as a result of increases in distribution, selling, and administrative expenses and depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare, as well as a $75.9 million goodwill impairment of our profarma reporting unit, offset in part by lower expense accruals related to opioid litigation settlements in the current fiscal year;
•total segment operating income increased by $515.2 million, or 19.5%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare and 8.8% operating income growth in the u.s. healthcare solutions segment; and
•our effective tax rates were 23.7% and 30.5% for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the effective tax rate in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 was higher than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to u.s. state income taxes, offset in part by the benefit of non-u.s. income taxed at rates lower than the u.s. statutory rate. our effective tax rate in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 was higher than the current year tax rate primarily due to uk and swiss tax reforms (see note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
results of operations fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021
revenue fiscal year ended september 30,
(dollars in thousands)                    2022                           2021                                    change u.s. healthcare solutions human health                                           207,284,444                       197,777,128               4.8%
animal health                                            4,815,758                         4,684,417               2.8%
total u.s. healthcare solutions                        212,100,202                       202,461,545               4.8%
international healthcare solutions alliance healthcare                                     21,890,402                         7,373,365             196.9%
other healthcare solutions                               4,601,271                         4,156,264              10.7%
total international solutions                           26,491,673                        11,529,629             129.8%
intersegment eliminations                                  (4,869)                           (2,331)
revenue                                               $238,587,006                      $213,988,843              11.5%
our future revenue growth will continue to be affected by various factors, such as industry growth trends, including drug utilization, the introduction of new, innovative brand therapies, the likely increase in the number of generic drugs and biosimilars that will be available over the next few years as a result of the expiration of certain drug patents held by brand-name pharmaceutical manufacturers and the rate of conversion from brand products to those generic drugs and biosimilars, price inflation and price deflation, general economic conditions in the united states and europe, competition within the industry, customer consolidation, changes in pharmaceutical manufacturer pricing and distribution policies and practices, increased downward pressure on government and other third-party reimbursement rates to our customers, changes in government rules and regulations, foreign currency conversion rates, and the impact of the covid-19 pandemic.
revenue increased by 11.5% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to our june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare and the revenue growth of our u.s. healthcare solutions segment.
the u.s. healthcare solutions segment grew its revenue by $9.6 billion, or 4.8%, from the prior fiscal year, primarily due to overall market growth principally driven by unit volume growth and increased sales to specialty physician practices, offset in part by a decline in sales of covid-19 treatments (primarily commercial treatments).
more specifically, the increase in the u.s. healthcare solutions segment revenue was largely attributable to the following (in billions):
increased sales to specialty physician practices                 $2.9
decreased sales of covid-19 treatments                         ($2.0)
increased sales to other customers                               $8.7
the continued decline of sales relating to covid-19 treatments and fees earned from the distribution of government-owned covid-19 treatments could adversely impact our results of operations.
revenue in international healthcare solutions increased by $15.0 billion, or 129.8%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare.
a number of our contracts with customers, including group purchasing organizations, are typically subject to expiration each year. we may lose a significant customer if an existing contract with such customer expires without being extended, renewed, or replaced. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022, no significant contracts expired. in january 2022, we extended our agreement with express scripts through september 2026. over the next twelve months, there are no significant contracts scheduled to expire. additionally, from time to time, significant contracts may be terminated in accordance with their terms or extended, renewed, or replaced prior to their expiration dates. if those contracts are extended, renewed, or replaced at less favorable terms, they may also negatively impact our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows.
gross profit fiscal year ended september 30,
(dollars in thousands)                             2022                         2021                                  change u.s. healthcare solutions                                      $5,454,735                      $5,028,950               8.5%
international healthcare solutions                              2,947,190                       1,542,456              91.1%
intersegment eliminations                                           (189)                               -
gains from antitrust litigation settlements                         1,835                         168,794
lifo (expense) credit                                            (67,171)                         203,028
turkey highly inflationary impact                                (40,033)                               -
gross profit                                                   $8,296,367                      $6,943,228              19.5%
gross profit increased by $1,353.1 million, or 19.5%, from the prior fiscal year. gross profit in the current fiscal year was favorably impacted by increases in gross profit in international healthcare solutions and u.s. healthcare solutions. these increases were offset in part by lifo expense in comparison to a lifo credit in the prior year, decreases in gains from antitrust litigation settlements, and the turkey highly inflationary economy's unfavorable impact on the current fiscal year.
u.s. healthcare solutions gross profit increased by $425.8 million, or 8.5%, from the prior fiscal year due to overall revenue growth and fees earned from the distribution of government-owned covid-19 treatments. as a percentage of revenue, u.s. healthcare solutions gross profit margin of 2.57% in the current fiscal year increased 9 basis points compared to the prior fiscal year primarily due to fees earned from the distribution of government-owned covid-19 treatments.
gross profit in international healthcare solutions increased $1,404.7 million, or 91.1%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare.
we recognized gains from antitrust litigation settlements with pharmaceutical manufacturers of $1.8 million and $168.8 million in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the gains were recorded as reductions to cost of goods sold (see note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
our cost of goods sold includes a lifo provision that is affected by manufacturer pricing practices, which may be impacted by market and other external influences, changes in inventory quantities, and product mix, many of which are difficult to predict. changes to any of the above factors may have a material impact to our annual lifo provision. the lifo expense in the current fiscal year was primarily due to lower generic pharmaceutical deflation and inventory product mix.
we recognized an expense of $40.0 million in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 in cost of goods sold related to the impact of turkey highly inflationary accounting (see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
operating expenses fiscal year ended september 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                      2022                         2021                                  change distribution, selling, and administrative                               $4,848,962                      $3,594,251              34.9%
depreciation and amortization                                              693,895                         505,172              37.4%
litigation and opioid-related expenses                                     123,191                         272,623
acquisition, integration, and restructuring expenses                       183,059                         199,288
goodwill impairment                                                         75,936                           6,373
impairment of assets                                                         4,946                          11,324
total operating expenses                                                $5,929,989                      $4,589,031              29.2%
distribution, selling, and administrative expenses increased by $1,254.7 million, or 34.9%, from the prior fiscal year. the increase from the prior fiscal year was primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare. as a percentage of revenue, distribution, selling, and administrative expenses were 2.03% in the current fiscal year and represents a 35-basis point increase compared to the prior fiscal year primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare.
depreciation expense increased 18.3% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to depreciation of property and equipment originating from the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare. amortization expense increased 72.3% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to amortization of intangible assets originating from the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare.
litigation and opioid-related expenses in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 included a $36.6 million accrual related to opioid litigation settlements and $86.6 million of legal fees in connection with opioid lawsuits and investigations. litigation and opioid-related expenses in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 included a $147.7 million accrual related to opioid litigation settlements and $124.9 million of legal fees in connection with opioid lawsuits and investigations.
acquisition, integration, and restructuring expenses in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 included $119.6 million of acquisition-related deal and integration costs primarily related to the integration of alliance healthcare, $35.5 million of severance and other restructuring initiatives primarily related to the write down of assets in connection with our office optimization plan, and $28.0 million related to our business transformation efforts. acquisition, integration, and restructuring expenses in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 included $117.0 million of acquisition-related deal and integration costs primarily related to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare, $46.1 million of severance and other restructuring initiatives primarily related to the disposal of assets in connection with our office optimization plan, and $36.3 million related to our business transformation efforts.
we recorded goodwill impairments of $75.9 million and $6.4 million in our profarma reporting unit in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively (see note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
operating income fiscal year ended september 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                      2022                         2021                                  change u.s. healthcare solutions                                               $2,456,972                      $2,257,918               8.8%
international healthcare solutions                                         706,458                         390,286              81.0%
total segment operating income                                           3,163,430                       2,648,204              19.5%
gains from antitrust litigation settlements                                  1,835                         168,794
lifo (expense) credit                                                     (67,171)                         203,028
turkey highly inflationary impact                                         (40,033)                               -
acquisition-related intangibles amortization                             (304,551)                       (176,221)
litigation and opioid-related expenses                                   (123,191)                       (272,623)
acquisition, integration, and restructuring expenses                     (183,059)                       (199,288)
goodwill impairment                                                       (75,936)                         (6,373)
impairment of assets                                                       (4,946)                        (11,324)
operating income                                                        $2,366,378                      $2,354,197               0.5%
segment operating income is evaluated before gains from antitrust litigation settlements; lifo (expense) credit; turkey highly inflationary impact; acquisition-related intangibles amortization; litigation and opioid-related expenses; acquisition, integration, and restructuring expenses; goodwill impairment; and impairment of assets.
u.s. healthcare solutions operating income increased $199.1 million, or 8.8%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the increase in gross profit, as noted above, and was offset in part by an increase in operating expenses. as a percentage of revenue, u.s. healthcare solutions operating income margin was 1.16% and represented an increase of 4 basis points compared to the prior fiscal year. the increase from the prior year fiscal year was primarily due to fees earned from the distribution of government-owned covid-19 treatments.
operating income in international healthcare solutions increased by $316.2 million, or 81.0%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare.
other income, net we recognized a gain of $56.2 million from the sale of non-core businesses, a $14.4 million foreign currency loss on the remeasurement of deferred tax assets relating to swiss tax reform, an $11.9 million expense related to the impact of turkey highly inflationary accounting, and a $4.8 million gain on the remeasurement of an equity investment in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022.
we recorded a $64.7 million gain on the remeasurement of an equity investment, a $14.0 million impairment of a non-customer note receivable related to a start-up venture, and a $3.4 million foreign currency loss on the remeasurement of deferred tax assets relating to swiss tax reform in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021.
interest expense, net interest expense, net and the respective weighted average interest rates were as follows:
fiscal year ended september 30,
2022                                                                                                                        2021
(dollars in thousands)                           amount                    weighted average                         amount                    weighted average interest rate                                                      interest rate interest expense                          $231,982                                    2.69%                  $182,544                                    2.62%
interest income                           (21,309)                                    1.08%                   (8,470)                                    0.28%
interest expense, net                     $210,673                                                           $174,074
interest expense, net increased $36.6 million, or 21.0%, from the prior fiscal year due to the issuance of our $1,525 million of 0.737% senior notes, $1,000 million of 2.700% senior notes in march 2021, and the $500 million variable-rate term loan that was issued in june 2021, all of which were used to finance a portion of the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare, and the incremental interest expense associated with alliance healthcare's debt in certain countries, offset in part by the increase in interest income. the increase in interest income was primarily due to higher investment interest rates, offset in part by lower average invested cash balances. the increase in interest expense as a result of the above-mentioned debt issuances was offset in part by repayments of $250 million in september 2021 and again in march 2022 on the above-mentioned $500 million variable-rate term loan, and payments of $500 million in june 2022 and $350 million in september 2022 on the above-mentioned $1,525 million of 0.737% senior notes.
our interest expense in future periods may vary significantly depending upon changes in net borrowings, interest rates, amendments to our current borrowing facilities, and strategic decisions to deploy our invested cash.
income tax expense our effective tax rates were 23.7% and 30.5% in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. our effective tax rate in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 was higher than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to u.s. state income taxes, offset in part by the benefit of non-u.s. income taxed at rates lower than the u.s. statutory rate. our effective tax rate in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 was higher than the current year tax rate primarily due to uk and swiss tax reforms (see note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020
revenue fiscal year ended september 30,
(dollars in thousands)                          2021                           2020                                    change u.s. healthcare solutions:
human health                                                $197,777,128                      $182,171,487               8.6%
animal health                                                  4,684,417                         4,216,462              11.1%
total u.s. healthcare solutions                              202,461,545                       186,387,949               8.6%
international healthcare solutions:
alliance healthcare                                            7,373,365                                 -
other healthcare solutions                                     4,156,264                         3,508,106              18.5%
total international healthcare solutions                      11,529,629                         3,508,106             228.7%
intersegment eliminations                                        (2,331)                           (2,129)
revenue                                                     $213,988,843                      $189,893,926              12.7%
revenue increased by 12.7% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the revenue growth of our u.s. healthcare solutions segment and our june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare.
the u.s. healthcare solutions segment grew its revenue by $16.1 billion, or 8.6%, from the prior fiscal year, primarily due to increased sales of specialty products (which generally have higher selling prices) including covid-19 treatments, overall market growth principally driven by unit volume growth, and growth in our animal health business.
more specifically, the increase in the u.s. healthcare solutions segment revenue was largely attributable to the following (in billions):
increased sales to walgreens, our largest customer            $1.8
increased sales to specialty physician practices              $2.3
increased sales of covid-19 treatments                        $3.2
increased sales to other customers                            $8.8
revenue in international healthcare solutions increased by $8.0 billion, or 228.7%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare and due to growth in our canadian business and our specialty transportation and logistics business.
gross profit fiscal year ended september 30
(dollars in thousands)                             2021                         2020                                  change u.s. healthcare solutions                                      $5,028,950                      $4,504,040              11.7%
international healthcare solutions                              1,542,456                         713,546             116.2%
gains from antitrust litigation settlements                       168,794                           9,076
lifo credit (expense)                                             203,028                         (7,422)
pharmedium remediation costs                                            -                         (7,135)
pharmedium shutdown costs                                               -                         (5,421)
new york state opioid stewardship act                                   -                        (14,800)
gross profit                                                   $6,943,228                      $5,191,884              33.7%
gross profit increased by $1,751.3 million, or 33.7%, from the prior fiscal year. gross profit in fiscal 2021 was favorably impacted by increases in gross profit in u.s. healthcare solutions and international healthcare solutions, a lifo credit in the current year period in comparison to a lifo expense in the prior year period, and an increase in gains from antitrust litigation settlements.
u.s. healthcare solutions gross profit increased by $524.9 million, or 11.7%, from the prior fiscal year due to revenue growth, including an increase in specialty product sales. as a percentage of revenue, u.s. healthcare solutions' gross profit margin of 2.48% in fiscal 2021 increased 6 basis points compared to the prior fiscal year primarily due to an increase in specialty product sales, including covid-19 treatments.
gross profit in international healthcare solutions increased by $828.9 million, or 116.2%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare and revenue growth in our specialty transportation and logistics business. as a percentage of revenue, gross profit margin in international healthcare solutions of 13.38% in fiscal 2021 decreased from 20.34% in the prior fiscal year. the decline in gross profit margin in fiscal 2021 was primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare, which has a lower gross profit margin than the other operating segments within international healthcare solutions.
we recognized gains from antitrust litigation settlements with pharmaceutical manufacturers of $168.8 million and $9.1 million in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the gains were recorded as reductions to cost of goods sold (see note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
in the prior fiscal year, we incurred remediation costs in connection with the suspended production activities at pharmedium. we also incurred shutdown costs in connection with permanently exiting the pharmedium compounding business.
new york state ("nys") enacted the opioid stewardship act ("osa"), which went into effect on july 1, 2018. the osa established an annual $100 million opioid stewardship fund (the "fund") and required manufacturers, distributors, and importers licensed in nys to ratably source the fund. the ratable share of the assessment for each licensee was to be based upon opioids sold or distributed to or within nys. in december 2018, the osa was ruled unconstitutional by the u.s. district court for the southern district of new york. in september 2020, the united states court of appeals for the second circuit reversed the district court's decision, and, as a result, we accrued $14.8 million in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 related to our ratable share of the assessment.
operating expenses fiscal year ended september 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                      2021                          2020                                   change distribution, selling, and administrative                               $3,594,251                       $2,767,217               29.9%
depreciation and amortization                                                   505,172                          391,062          29.2%
litigation and opioid-related expenses                                     272,623                        6,722,346
acquisition, integration, and restructuring expenses                       199,288                           84,961
goodwill impairment                                                               6,373                                -
impairment of assets                                                             11,324                          361,652
total operating expenses                                                $4,589,031                      $10,327,238             (55.6)%
distribution, selling, and administrative expenses increased by $827.0 million, or 29.9%, from the prior fiscal year. the increase from the prior fiscal year was primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare and an increase in payroll-related operating costs to support current and future revenue growth. as a percentage of revenue, distribution, selling, and administrative expenses were 1.68% in the current fiscal year and represents a 22-basis point increase compared to the prior fiscal year. the increase in distribution, selling, and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare.
depreciation expense increased 16.6% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to depreciation of property and equipment originating from the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare. amortization expense increased 60.9% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to amortization of intangible assets originating from the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare.
litigation and opioid-related expenses in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 included a $147.7 million accrual related to opioid litigation settlements and $124.9 million of legal fees in connection with opioid lawsuits and investigations. litigation and opioid-related expenses in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 included a $6.6 billion legal accrual and $115.4 million of legal fees in connection with opioid lawsuits and investigations.
acquisition, integration, and restructuring expenses in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 included $117.0 million of acquisition-related deal and integration costs primarily related to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare, $46.1 million of severance and other restructuring initiatives primarily related to the disposal of assets in connection with our office optimization plan, and $36.3 million related to our business transformation efforts. acquisition, integration, and restructuring expenses in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 included $38.0 million related to our business transformation efforts, $34.4 million of severance costs primarily related to position eliminations resulting from our decision to permanently exit the pharmedium compounding business, and $12.6 million of acquisition-related deal and integration costs and other restructuring initiatives.
we recorded a goodwill impairment of $6.4 million in our profarma reporting unit in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 in connection with our fiscal 2021 annual impairment test (see note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
we recorded a $361.7 million impairment of pharmedium's assets in impairment of assets in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 (see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
operating income (loss)
fiscal year ended september 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                      2021                         2020                                    change u.s. healthcare solutions                                               $2,257,918                        $2,020,067              11.8%
international healthcare solutions                                         390,286                           184,380             111.7%
total segment operating income                                           2,648,204                         2,204,447              20.1%
gains from antitrust litigation settlements                                168,794                             9,076
lifo credit (expense)                                                      203,028                           (7,422)
acquisition-related intangibles amortization                             (176,221)                         (110,478)
litigation and opioid-related expenses                                   (272,623)                       (6,722,346)
acquisition, integration, and restructuring expenses                     (199,288)                          (84,961)
goodwill impairment                                                        (6,373)                                 -
impairment of assets                                                      (11,324)                         (361,652)
pharmedium remediation costs                                                     -                          (16,165)
pharmedium shutdown costs                                                        -                          (43,206)
new york state opioid stewardship act                                            -                          (14,800)
contingent consideration adjustment                                              -                            12,153
operating income (loss)                                                 $2,354,197                      $(5,135,354)             145.8%
segment operating income is evaluated before gains from antitrust litigation settlements; lifo credit (expense); acquisition-related intangibles amortization; litigation and opioid-related expenses; acquisition, integration, and restructuring expenses; goodwill impairment; impairment of assets; pharmedium remediation costs; pharmedium shutdown costs; new york state opioid stewardship act; and contingent consideration adjustment.
u.s. healthcare solutions operating income increased by $237.9 million, or 11.8%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the increase in gross profit, as noted above, and was offset in part by an increase in operating expenses. as a percentage of revenue, u.s. healthcare solutions operating income margin was 1.12% and represented an increase of 4 basis points compared to the prior fiscal year. the increase from the prior year fiscal year was primarily due to the increase in specialty product sales, including covid-19 treatments.
operating income in international healthcare solutions increased by $205.9 million, or 111.7%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare and an increase in operating income at world courier.
one of our non-wholly-owned subsidiaries, profarma, which we consolidate based on certain governance rights (see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements), adjusted its previous estimate of contingent consideration in the prior fiscal year related to the purchase price of one of its prior business acquisitions.
other income, net we recorded a $64.7 million gain on the remeasurement of an equity investment, a $14.0 million impairment of a non-customer note receivable related to a start-up venture, and a $3.4 million foreign currency loss on the remeasurement of deferred tax assets relating to swiss tax reform in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021.
interest expense, net interest expense, net and the respective weighted average interest rates were as follows:
fiscal year ended september 30,
2021                                                                                                                        2020
(dollars in thousands)                           amount                    weighted average                         amount                    weighted average interest rate                                                      interest rate interest expense                          $182,544                                    2.62%                  $158,522                                    3.42%
interest income                            (8,470)                                    0.28%                  (20,639)                                    0.69%
interest expense, net                     $174,074                                                           $137,883
interest expense, net increased by $36.2 million, or 26.2%, from the prior fiscal year due to the issuance of our $1,525 million of 0.737% senior notes, $1,000 million of 2.700% senior notes in march 2021, and the $500 million variable-rate term loan that was issued in june 2021, all of which were used to finance a portion of the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare, the incremental interest expense associated with alliance healthcare's debt in certain countries, and the decrease in interest income resulting from a decrease in investment interest rates. the increase in interest expense as a result of the above-mentioned debt issuances was offset in part by a lower weighted-average borrowing interest rate and the repayment of our $400 million october 2018 term loan upon its maturity in october 2020.
income tax expense (benefit)
our effective tax rates were 30.5% and 35.8% in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. our effective tax rate in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 was higher than the u.s. statutory rate due to u.k. tax reform (see note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements). our effective tax rate in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 was higher than the u.s. statutory rate due to our operating loss, the tax benefits associated with our decision to permanently exit the pharmedium compounding business, swiss tax reform, the cares act, and other discrete items and offset in part by the tax impact of the portion of the opioid legal accrual that is not expected to be tax deductible.
net income (loss) attributable to amerisourcebergen corporation and diluted earnings per share net income attributable to amerisourcebergen and diluted earnings per share were significantly lower in fiscal 2020 due to the legal accrual recognized in connection with opioid lawsuits.
critical accounting policies and estimates critical accounting policies are those policies that involve accounting estimates and assumptions that can have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations and require the use of complex and subjective estimates based upon past experience and management's judgment. actual results may differ from these estimates due to uncertainties inherent in such estimates. below are those policies applied in preparing our financial statements that management believes are the most dependent upon the application of estimates and assumptions. for a complete list of significant accounting policies, see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
allowances for returns and credit losses trade receivables are primarily comprised of amounts owed to us for our pharmaceutical distribution and services activities and are presented net of an allowance for customer sales returns and an allowance for credit losses. our customer sales return policy generally allows customers to return products only if the products can be resold at full value or returned to suppliers for full credit. we record an accrual for estimated customer sales returns at the time of sale to the customer based upon historical customer return trends. the allowance for returns as of september 30, 2022 and 2021 was $1,532.1 million and $1,271.6 million, respectively.
we evaluate our receivables for risk of loss by grouping our receivables with similar risk characteristics. expected losses are determined based on a combination of historical loss trends, current economic conditions, and forward-looking risk factors. changes in these factors, among others, may lead to adjustments in our allowance for credit losses. the calculation of the required allowance requires judgment by management as to the impact of those and other factors on the ultimate realization of our trade receivables. each of our business units performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition and maintains reserves for expected credit losses and specific credit problems when they arise. we write off balances against the reserves when collectability is deemed remote. each business unit performs formal, documented reviews of the allowance at least quarterly, and our largest business units perform such reviews monthly. there were no significant changes to this process during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022, 2021, and 2020, and bad debt expense was computed in a consistent manner during these periods. the bad debt expense for any period presented is equal to the changes in the period end allowance for credit losses, net of write-offs, recoveries, and other adjustments.
bad debt expense for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $26.1 million, $12.1 million, and $11.9 million respectively. an increase or decrease of 0.1% in the 2022 allowance as a percentage of trade receivables would result in an increase or decrease in the provision on accounts receivable of approximately $18.5 million. the allowance for credit losses was $94.7 million and $85.1 million as of september 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
schedule ii of this form 10-k sets forth a rollforward of allowances for returns and credit losses.
business combinations the assets acquired and liabilities assumed upon the acquisition or consolidation of a business are recorded at fair value, with the residual of the purchase price allocated to goodwill. we engage third-party appraisal firms to assist management in determining the fair values of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed. such valuations require management to make significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. management makes estimates of fair value based upon assumptions it believes to be reasonable. these estimates are based upon historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets include, but are not limited to: discount rates and expected future cash flows from and economic lives of customer relationships, trade names, existing technology, and other intangible assets. unanticipated events and circumstances may occur, which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions or estimates.
goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill arises from acquisitions or consolidations of specific operating companies and is assigned to the reporting unit in which a particular operating company resides. we identify our reporting units based upon our management reporting structure, beginning with our operating segments. we aggregate two or more components within an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics. we evaluate whether the components within our operating segments have similar economic characteristics, which include the similarity of long-term gross margins, the nature of the components' products, services, and production processes, the types of customers and the methods by which products or services are delivered to customers, and the components' regulatory environment. we announced a strategic reorganization of our business and began reporting externally under the new structure as of october 1, 2021. as of september 30, 2022, our reporting units include pharmaceutical distribution services, u.s. consulting services, mwi, alliance healthcare, innomar, world courier, and profarma.
goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, such as certain trademarks and trade names, are not amortized; rather, they are tested for impairment at least annually. for the purpose of these impairment tests, we can elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair values of its reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets are less than the respective carrying values of those reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets, respectively. such qualitative factors can include, among others, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance, and relevant entity-specific events. if we conclude based on its qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, it performs a quantitative analysis. we elected to perform a quantitative impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in fiscal 2022. we elected to perform a qualitative impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in fiscal 2021, with the exception of our testing of goodwill in the amerisourcebergen consulting services (the sum of u.s. consulting services and innomar reporting units, under our prior reporting structure) and profarma reporting units. we elected to perform a qualitative impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in fiscal 2020, with the exception of our testing of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles in the mwi and profarma reporting units.
the quantitative goodwill impairment test requires us to compare the carrying value of the reporting unit's net assets to the fair value of the reporting unit. if the fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is required, and no impairment loss is recognized. if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, the difference between the carrying value and the fair value is recorded as an impairment loss, the amount of which may not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
when performing a quantitative impairment assessment, we utilize an income-based approach to value our reporting units, with the exception of the profarma reporting unit, the fair value of which is based upon its publicly-traded stock price, plus an estimated control premium. the income-based approach relies on a discounted cash flow analysis, which considers forecasted cash flows discounted at an appropriate discount rate, to determine the fair value of each reporting unit. we generally believe that market participants would use a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of our reporting units in a sale transaction. the annual goodwill impairment test requires us to make a number of assumptions and estimates concerning future levels of revenue growth, operating margins, depreciation, amortization, capital expenditures, and working capital requirements, which are based upon our long-range plan. the discount rate is an estimate of the overall after-tax rate of return required by a market participant whose weighted average cost of capital includes both debt and equity, including a risk premium. while we use the best available information to prepare our forecasted cash flows and discount rate assumptions, actual future cash flows and/or market conditions could differ significantly resulting in future impairment charges related to recorded goodwill balances. while there are always changes in assumptions to reflect changing business and market conditions, our overall methodology and the population of assumptions used have remained unchanged.
the quantitative impairment test for indefinite-lived intangibles other than goodwill (certain trademarks and trade names) consists of a comparison of the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to the carrying value of the asset as of the impairment testing date. we estimate the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangibles using the relief from royalty method. we believe the relief from royalty method is a widely used valuation technique for such assets. the fair value derived from the relief from royalty method is measured as the discounted cash flow savings realized from owning such indefinite-lived trademarks and trade names and not having to pay a royalty for their use.
we completed our required annual impairment tests relating to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022, 2021, and 2020. we recorded goodwill impairments of $75.9 million and $6.4 million in our profarma reporting unit in connection with our fiscal 2022 and 2021 impairment tests, respectively (see note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements). no goodwill impairments were recorded in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2020, and no indefinite-lived intangible asset impairments were recorded in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022, 2021, or 2020.
finite-lived intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. we perform a recoverability assessment of our long-lived assets when impairment indicators are present.
we recorded impairments of intangible and tangible assets totaling $361.7 million in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 in connection with the permanent shutdown of our compounding business.
income taxes our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and uncertain tax positions reflect management's assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid on items in the financial statements. deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities, as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for tax purposes.
we have established a valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets for which the ultimate realization of future benefits is uncertain. expiring carryforwards and the required valuation allowances are adjusted annually. after application of the valuation allowances described above, we anticipate that no limitations will apply with respect to utilization of any of the other deferred income tax assets described above.
we prepare and file tax returns based upon our interpretation of tax laws and regulations and record estimates based upon these judgments and interpretations. in the normal course of business, our tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. such examinations may result in future tax and interest assessments by these taxing authorities. inherent uncertainties exist in estimates of tax contingencies due to changes in tax law resulting from legislation, regulation, and/or as concluded through the various jurisdictions' tax court systems. significant judgment is exercised in applying complex tax laws and regulations across multiple global jurisdictions where we conduct our operations. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based upon the technical merits of the position.
we believe that our estimates for the valuation allowances against deferred tax assets and the amount of benefits recognized in our financial statements for uncertain tax positions are appropriate based upon current facts and circumstances. however, others applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop a different estimate and the amount ultimately paid upon resolution of issues raised may differ from the amounts accrued.
the significant assumptions and estimates described in the preceding paragraphs are important contributors to the ultimate effective tax rate in each year. if any of our assumptions or estimates were to change, an increase or decrease in our effective tax rate by 1% on income before income taxes would have caused income tax expense to change by $21.8 million in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022.
for a complete discussion of the tax impact of uk tax reform, swiss tax reform, the legal accrual related to opioid litigation, the cares act, and the pharmedium worthless stock deduction, refer to note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
inventories inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. cost for approximately 66% of our inventories as of september 30, 2022 and 2021 has been determined using the lifo method. if we had used the first-in, first-out method of inventory valuation, which approximates current replacement cost, inventories would have been approximately $1,383.4 million and $1,316.2 million higher than the amounts reported as of september 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. we recorded lifo expense of $67.2 million and $7.4 million in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2020, respectively. we recorded a lifo credit of $203.0 million in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. the annual lifo provision is affected by manufacturer pricing practices, which may be impacted by market and other external influences, changes in inventory quantities, and product mix, many of which are difficult to predict. changes to any of the above factors can have a material impact to our annual lifo provision.
loss contingencies in the ordinary course of business, we become involved in lawsuits, administrative proceedings, government subpoenas, government investigations, stockholder demands, and other disputes, including antitrust, commercial, product liability, intellectual property, regulatory, employment discrimination, and other matters. significant damages or penalties may be sought in some matters, and some matters may require years to resolve. we record a liability when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. we also perform an assessment of the materiality of loss contingencies where a loss is either not probable or it is reasonably possible that a loss could be incurred in excess of amounts accrued. if a loss or an additional loss has at least a reasonable possibility of occurring and the impact on the financial statements would be material, we provide disclosure of the loss contingency and whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or the range of the loss can made in the footnotes to our financial statements. we review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or the range of the loss can be made. among the loss contingencies we considered in accordance with the foregoing in connection with the preparation of the accompanying financial statements were the opioid matters described in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources our operating results have generated cash flows, which, together with availability under our debt agreements and credit terms from suppliers, have provided sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, repayment of debt, the payment of interest on outstanding debt, dividends, and purchases of shares of our common stock.
our primary ongoing cash requirements will be to finance working capital, fund the repayment of debt, fund the payment of interest on debt, fund the payment of dividends, fund purchases of our common stock, finance acquisitions, and fund capital expenditures and routine growth and expansion through new business opportunities. future cash flows from operations and borrowings are expected to be sufficient to fund our ongoing cash requirements, including the opioid litigation payments that will be made over 18 years (see below).
cash flows as of september 30, 2022 and 2021, our cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries were $688.4 million and $725.4 million, respectively. we have the ability to repatriate the majority of our cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries without incurring significant additional taxes upon repatriation.
we have increased seasonal needs related to our inventory build during the december and march quarters that, depending on our cash balance, may require the use of our credit facilities to fund short-term capital needs. our cash balances in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021 were supplemented by intra-period credit facility borrowings to cover short-term working capital needs. the largest amount of intra-period borrowings under our revolving and securitization credit facilities that was outstanding at any one time during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021 was $590.0 million and $637.7 million, respectively. we had $4,435.9 million, $4,730.5 million, and $117.4 million of cumulative intra-period borrowings that were repaid under our credit facilities during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021, our operating activities provided cash of $2,703.1 million and $2,666.6 million, respectively. cash provided by operations in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 was principally the result of the following:
•an increase in accounts payable of $3,320.7 million primarily due to the increase in our inventory balances and the timing of scheduled payments to our suppliers;
•net income of $1,666.5 million;
•positive non-cash items of $1,176.2 million, which is primarily comprised of depreciation expense of $390.6 million, amortization expense of $319.2 million, and the provision for deferred income taxes of $196.2 million, offset in part by:
◦an increase in accounts receivable of $1,659.5 million primarily due to an increase in sales and the timing of scheduled payments from our customers;
◦an increase in inventories of $665.4 million to support the increase in business volume;
◦a decrease in long-term accrued litigation liability of $500.2 million due to opioid litigation settlement payments;
◦a decrease in accrued expenses of $457.2 million; and
◦a decrease in income taxes payable and other liabilities of $330.1 million.
during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020, our operating activities provided cash of $2,666.6 million and $2,207.0 million, respectively. cash provided by operations in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 was principally the result of the following:
•an increase in accounts payable of $2,049.2 million primarily driven by the increase in inventories and the timing of scheduled payments to our suppliers;
•net income of $1,544.6 million;
•net positive non-cash items totaling $754.7 million, which is primarily comprised of the provision for deferred income taxes of $334.9 million, depreciation expense of $326.7 million, amortization expense of $188.1 million, and a lifo credit of $203.0 million, offset in part by:
◦an increase in inventories of $1,116.3 million to support the increase in business volume; and
◦an increase in accounts receivable of $930.1 million primarily due to our revenue growth and the timing of payments from our customers.
we use days sales outstanding, days inventory on hand, and days payable outstanding to evaluate our working capital performance. the below financial metrics are calculated based upon a quarterly average and can be impacted by the timing of cash receipts and disbursements, which can vary significantly depending upon the day of the week in which the month ends.
fiscal year ended september 30,
2022                          2021                          2020
days sales outstanding                            27.7                          26.2                          24.7
days inventory on hand                            28.3                          28.6                          28.7
days payable outstanding                          60.0                          58.3                          57.6
our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based upon fluctuations in our period-end working capital account balances. additionally, any changes to payment terms with a significant customer or manufacturer supplier could have a material impact to our cash flows from operations. the acquisition of alliance healthcare increased our days sales outstanding and days payable outstanding as it has longer payment terms with customers and manufacturers. operating cash flows during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 included $219.8 million of interest payments and $244.4 million of income tax payments, net of refunds. operating cash flows during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 included $170.9 million of interest payments and $93.5 million of income tax payments, net of refunds. operating cash flows during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 included $150.7 million of interest payments and $139.4 million of income tax payments, net of refunds.
capital expenditures in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were $496.3 million, $438.2 million, and $369.7 million, respectively. significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2022 included investments in various technology initiatives, including technology initiatives at alliance healthcare. significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2021 and 2020 included costs associated with facility expansions, and various technology initiatives, including costs related to enhancing and upgrading our primary information technology operating systems.
we currently expect to spend approximately $500 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2023. larger 2023 capital expenditures will include investments relating to various technology initiatives, including technology investments at alliance healthcare and those required to comply with new regulatory requirements.
in addition to capital expenditures, net cash used in investing activities in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 included $133.8 million of cash to acquire companies, including $60.0 million that was paid to settle accrued consideration related to the alliance healthcare acquisition (see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements), and was offset in part by $272.6 million in proceeds from the sale of non-core businesses.
in addition to capital expenditures, net cash used in investing activities in the fiscal year ended 2021 included $5,563.0 million of cash to acquire companies, which principally related to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare, net of cash acquired, and $162.6 million for equity investments.
net cash used in financing activities in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 principally resulted from an $850 million repayment of our 0.737% senior notes that mature in 2023, the repayment of our $250 million term loan, $391.7 million in cash dividends paid on our common stock, and $483.7 million in purchases of our common stock.
net cash provided by financing activities in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 principally resulted from the issuance of senior notes and the february 2021 term loan (see above) and $198.8 million of exercises of stock options, offset in part by $650 million of repayments of our term loans, $366.6 million in cash dividends paid on our common stock, and $82.2 million in purchases of our common stock.
net cash used in financing activities in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 principally related to $420.4 million in purchases of our common stock and $343.6 million in cash dividends paid on our common stock.
debt and credit facility availability the following illustrates our debt structure as of september 30, 2022, including availability under the multi-currency revolving credit facility, the receivables securitization facility, the revolving credit note, the money market facility, alliance healthcare debt, and the overdraft facility:
(in thousands)                                                   outstanding   additional balance   availability fixed-rate debt:
0.737% senior notes due 2023                                  $672,736         $-
$500,000, 3.400% senior notes due 2024                         499,195         -
$500,000, 3.250% senior notes due 2025                         498,347         -
$750,000, 3.450% senior notes due 2027                         745,622         -
$500,000, 2.800% senior notes due 2030                         495,348         -
$1,000,000, 2.700% senior notes due 2031                       990,480         -
$500,000, 4.250% senior notes due 2045                         495,162         -
$500,000, 4.300% senior notes due 2047                         493,288         -
nonrecourse debt                                                66,539         -
total fixed-rate debt                                        4,956,717         -
variable-rate debt:
revolving credit note                                                -         75,000
money market facility                                                -         100,000
receivables securitization facility due 2025                   350,000         1,100,000
overdraft facility due 2024 (£10,000)                                -         11,169
multi-currency revolving credit facility due 2027                    -         2,400,000
alliance healthcare debt                                       336,886         109,624
nonrecourse debt                                                59,230         -
total variable-rate debt                                       746,116         3,795,793
total debt                                                  $5,702,833         $3,795,793
in may 2020, we issued $500 million of 2.80% senior notes due may 15, 2030 (the "2030 notes"). the 2030 notes were sold at 99.71% of the principal amount and have an effective yield of 2.81%. interest on the 2030 notes is payable semi-annually in arrears and commenced on november 15, 2020.
we used the proceeds from the 2030 notes to finance the early retirement of the $500 million of 3.50% senior notes that were due in 2021 and made a $21.4 million prepayment premium in connection with this early retirement.
in march 2021, we issued $1,525 million of 0.737% senior notes due march 15, 2023 (the "2023 notes"). the 2023 notes were sold at 100.00% of the principal amount. interest on the 2023 notes is payable semi-annually in arrears, commencing on september 15, 2021. in march 2021, we issued $1,000 million of 2.700% senior notes due march 15, 2031 (the "2031 notes"). the 2031 notes were sold at 99.79% of the principal amount and have an effective yield of 2.706%. interest on the 2031 notes is payable semi-annually in arrears and commenced on september 15, 2021. the 2023 notes and 2031 notes rank pari passu to our other senior notes, the multi-currency revolving credit facility, the revolving credit note, the overdraft facility, and the money market facility. we used the proceeds from the 2023 notes and 2031 notes to finance a portion of the june 2021 alliance healthcare acquisition.
in fiscal 2022, we elected to repay $850 million of the 2023 notes due in march 2023.
in addition to the 2023 notes, the 2030 notes, and the 2031 notes, we have $500 million of 3.40% senior notes due may 15, 2024, $500 million of 3.25% senior notes due march 1, 2025, $750 million of 3.45% senior notes due december 15, 2027, $500 million of 4.25% senior notes due march 1, 2045, and $500 million of 4.300% senior notes due december 15, 2047 (collectively, the "notes"). interest on the notes is payable semiannually in arrears.
we have a $2.4 billion multi-currency senior unsecured revolving credit facility ("multi-currency revolving credit facility"), which was scheduled to expire in november 2026, with a syndicate of lenders. in october 2022, we amended and restated the multi-currency revolving credit facility to extend the expiration to october 2027 and to make changes to effect a transition from the libor interest rate benchmark to term sofr. interest on borrowings under the multi-currency revolving credit facility accrues at specified rates based upon our debt rating and ranges from 80.5 basis points to 122.5 basis points over sofr/euribor/cdor/rfr, as applicable (101.5 basis points over cdor/libor/euribor/bankers acceptance stamping fee as of september 30, 2022) and from 0 basis points to 22.5 basis points over the alternate base rate and canadian prime rate, as applicable. we pay facility fees to maintain the availability under the multi-currency revolving credit facility at specified rates based upon our debt rating, ranging from 7 basis points to 15 basis points, annually, of the total commitment (11 basis points as of september 30, 2022). we may choose to repay or reduce our commitments under the multi-currency revolving credit facility at any time. the multi-currency revolving credit facility contains covenants, including compliance with a financial leverage ratio test, as well as others that impose limitations on, among other things, indebtedness of subsidiaries and asset sales, with which we were compliant as of september 30, 2022.
we have a commercial paper program whereby we may from time to time issue short-term promissory notes in an aggregate amount of up to $2.4 billion at any one time. amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid, and re-borrowed from time to time. the maturities on the notes will vary, but may not exceed 365 days from the date of issuance. the notes will bear interest, if interest bearing, or will be sold at a discount from their face amounts. the commercial paper program does not increase our borrowing capacity as it is fully backed by our multi-currency revolving credit facility. there were no borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program as of september 30, 2022 and 2021.
we have a $1,450 million receivables securitization facility ("receivables securitization facility"), which was scheduled to expire in november 2024. in october 2022, we amended the receivables securitization facility ("receivables amendment") to extend the expiration for an additional one year until october 2025. in addition, the receivables amendment made changes to (i) substitute term sofr for libor as a benchmark and establish procedures to choose a new benchmark if term sofr becomes unavailable, (ii) provide for the return of erroneous payments, if any, by purchasers, (iii) update provisions regarding compliance with sanctions and anti-money laundering laws, and (iv) implement certain other technical amendments. we have available to us an accordion feature whereby the commitment on the receivables securitization facility may be increased by up to $250 million, subject to lender approval, for seasonal needs during the december and march quarters. interest rates are based upon prevailing market rates for short-term commercial paper or 30-day term sofr plus a program fee. we pay a customary unused fee at prevailing market rates, annually, to maintain the availability under the receivables securitization facility.
in connection with the receivables securitization facility, amerisourcebergen drug corporation and a specialty distribution subsidiary sell on a revolving basis certain accounts receivable to amerisource receivables financial corporation, a wholly-owned special purpose entity, which in turn sells a percentage ownership interest in the receivables to financial institutions and commercial paper conduits sponsored by financial institutions. amerisourcebergen drug corporation is the servicer of the accounts receivable under the receivables securitization facility. as sold receivables are collected, additional receivables may be sold up to the maximum amount available under the facility. we use the facility as a financing vehicle because it generally offers an attractive interest rate relative to other financing sources. we securitize our trade accounts, which are generally non-interest bearing, in transactions that are accounted for as borrowings. the receivables securitization facility contains similar covenants to the multi-currency revolving credit facility, with which we were compliant as of september 30, 2022.
we have an uncommitted, unsecured line of credit available to us pursuant to a revolving credit note ("revolving credit note"). the revolving credit note provides us with the ability to request short-term unsecured revolving credit loans from time to time in a principal amount not to exceed $75 million. the revolving credit note may be decreased or terminated by the bank or us at any time without prior notice. we also have a £10 million uncommitted u.k. overdraft facility ("overdraft facility"), which expires in february 2024, to fund short-term normal trading cycle fluctuations related to our mwi animal health business. we have an uncommitted, unsecured line of credit available to us pursuant to a money market credit agreement ("money market facility"). the money market facility provides us with the ability to request short-term unsecured revolving credit loans from time to time in a principal amount not to exceed $100 million. the money market facility may be decreased or terminated by the bank or us at any time without prior notice.
our $400 million term loan matured and was repaid in october 2020.
in february 2021, we entered into a $1.0 billion variable-rate term loan ("february 2021 term loan"), which was available to be drawn on the closing date of the acquisition of alliance healthcare. in april 2021, we reduced our commitment under the february 2021 term loan to $500 million. in june 2021, we borrowed $500 million under the february 2021 term loan to finance a portion of the june 2021 alliance healthcare acquisition. we elected to make principal payments of $250 million in september 2021 and again in march 2022 to repay the loan that was scheduled to mature in 2023.
alliance healthcare debt is comprised of uncommitted revolving credit facilities in various currencies with various rates. a majority of the outstanding borrowings were held in egypt (which is 50% owned) as of september 30, 2022 and 2021. these facilities are used to fund its working capital needs.
nonrecourse debt is comprised of short-term and long-term debt belonging to the brazil subsidiaries and is repaid solely from the brazil subsidiaries' cash flows and such debt agreements provide that the repayment of the loans (and interest thereon) is secured solely by the capital stock, physical assets, contracts, and cash flows of the brazil subsidiaries.
share purchase programs and dividends in october 2018, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program allowing us to purchase up to $1.0 billion of our shares of common stock, subject to market conditions. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2019, we purchased $538.9 million of our common stock under this program, which included $14.8 million of september 2019 purchases that cash settled in october 2019. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020, we purchased $405.6 million of our common stock, which excluded $14.8 million of september 2019 purchases that cash settled in october 2019. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021, we purchased $55.5 million of our common stock to complete our authorization under this program.
in may 2020, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program allowing us to purchase up to $500 million of our outstanding shares of common stock, subject to market conditions. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021, we purchased $26.6 million of our common stock. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022, we purchased $473.4 million of our common stock to complete our authorization under this program.
in may 2022, the company's board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program allowing the company to purchase up to $1.0 billion of its outstanding shares of common stock, subject to market conditions. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022, we purchased $38.7 million of our common stock, which included $28.4 million of september 2022 purchases that cash settled in october 2022. as of september 30, 2022, we had $961.3 million of availability remaining under this program. in october 2022, under this program, we purchased 0.6 million shares of our common stock for $78.8 million. in november 2022, under this program, we purchased 3.2 million shares of our common stock from wba for $500.0 million.
our board of directors approved the following quarterly dividend increases:
dividend increases per share date                              new rate                   old rate                 % increase january 2020                        $0.420                     $0.400                         5%
november 2020                       $0.440                     $0.420                         5%
november 2021                       $0.460                     $0.440                         5%
november 2022                       $0.485                     $0.460                         5%
we anticipate that we will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. however, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors.
commitments and obligations as discussed in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, on july 21, 2021, it was announced that we and the two other national pharmaceutical distributors had negotiated a comprehensive opioid settlement agreement. the comprehensive settlement agreement became effective on april 2, 2022, and as of september 30, 2022, it included 48 of 49 eligible states (the "settling states") as well as 99% by population of the eligible political subdivisions in the settling states. pursuant to the comprehensive settlement agreement and related agreements with settling states, we will pay up to approximately $6.4 billion over 18 years. our estimated liability related to the state of alabama (with whom we have not reached a settlement agreement), as well as other opioid-related litigation for which we have reached settlement agreements is approximately $0.4 billion. net of $0.8 billion of payments made through september 30, 2022, we have a $6.0 billion liability on our consolidated balance sheet as of september 30, 2022 for litigation relating to our comprehensive opioid settlement as well as other opioid-related litigation. the payment of the aforementioned litigation liability has not and is not expected to have an impact on our ability to pay dividends.
the following is a summary of our contractual obligations for future principal and interest payments on our debt, minimum rental payments on our noncancellable operating leases, and minimum payments on our other commitments as of september 30, 2022:
payments due by period (in thousands)              debt, including interest payments             operating       other commitments               total leases within 1 year                                               $1,245,995                      $192,031              $123,771              $1,561,797
1-3 years                                                    1,688,379                       333,213               137,111               2,158,703
4-5 years                                                      235,886                       257,090                57,788                 550,764
after 5 years                                                4,215,090                       456,276                     -               4,671,366
total                                                       $7,385,350                    $1,238,610              $318,670              $8,942,630
the 2017 tax act required a one-time transition tax to be recognized on historical foreign earnings and profits. we expect to pay $157.1 million, net of overpayments and tax credits, related to this transition tax, as of september 30, 2022, which is payable in installments over a six-year period that commenced in january 2021. the transition tax commitment is included in "other commitments" in the above table.
our liability for uncertain tax positions was $553.2 million (including interest and penalties) as of september 30, 2022. this liability represents an estimate of tax positions that we have taken in our tax returns which may ultimately not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. since the amount and timing of any future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty, the estimated liability has been excluded from the above contractual obligations table. our liability for uncertain tax positions as of september 30, 2022 primarily includes an uncertain tax benefit related to the $6.8 billion legal accrual for litigation related to the distribution of prescription opioid pain medications, as disclosed in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
market risk we have exposure to foreign currency and exchange rate risk from our non-u.s. operations. our largest exposure to foreign exchange rates exists primarily with the u.k. pound sterling, the euro, the turkish lira, the egyptian pound, the brazilian real, and the canadian dollar. during the quarter ended march 31, 2022, turkey became a highly inflationary economy, as defined under u.s. gaap (see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements). also, with the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare, our foreign currency and exchange rate risk increased; therefore, we now use forward contracts to hedge against the foreign currency exchange rate impact on certain intercompany receivable and payable balances. we may use derivative instruments to hedge our foreign currency exposure, but not for speculative or trading purposes. revenue from our foreign operations during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 was approximately 11% of our consolidated revenue.
we have market risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations relating to our debt. we manage interest rate risk by using a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. the amount of variable-rate debt fluctuates during the year based on our working capital requirements. we had $746.1 million of variable-rate debt outstanding as of september 30, 2022. we periodically evaluate financial instruments to manage our exposure to fixed and variable interest rates. however, there are no assurances that such instruments will be available in the combinations we want and/or on terms acceptable to us. there were no such financial instruments in effect as of september 30, 2022.
we also have market risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations relating to our cash and cash equivalents. we had $3,388.2 million in cash and cash equivalents as of september 30, 2022. the unfavorable impact of a hypothetical decrease in interest rates on cash and cash equivalents would be partially offset by the favorable impact of such a decrease on variable-rate debt. for every $100 million of cash invested that is in excess of variable-rate debt, a 10-basis point decrease in interest rates would increase our annual net interest expense by $0.1 million.
deterioration of general economic conditions, among other factors, could adversely affect the number of prescriptions that are filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers and, therefore, could reduce purchases by our customers. in addition, volatility in financial markets may also negatively impact our customers' ability to obtain credit to finance their businesses on acceptable terms. reduced purchases by our customers or changes in the ability of our customers to remit payments to us could adversely affect our revenue growth, our profitability, and our cash flow from operations.
recent elevated levels of inflation in the global and u.s. economies have not had a significant impact on our results of operations. if elevated levels of inflation persist or increase, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected, particularly in certain global markets.
we have risks from other geopolitical trends and events, such as the russia-ukraine war. although the long-term implications of russia's invasion of ukraine are difficult to predict at this time, the financial impact of the conflict in fiscal 2022 has not been material.
