item 1a.    risk factors business and operational risks you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this report. each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock, debt securities, or preferred stock.
commodity prices fluctuate widely, and low prices for an extended period would likely have a material adverse impact on our business.
our revenues, operating results, financial condition and ability to borrow funds or obtain additional capital depend substantially on prices we receive for the oil, natural gas and ngls that we sell. lower commodity prices may reduce the amount of oil, natural gas and ngls that we can produce economically, while higher commodity prices could cause us to experience periods of higher costs. historically, commodity prices have been volatile, with prices fluctuating widely, and they are likely to continue to be volatile. wide fluctuations in commodity prices may result from relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil, natural gas and ngls, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control, including global events or conditions that affect supply and demand, such as the covid-19 pandemic, the war in ukraine and other geopolitical risks and sanctions, the actions of opec+ members and climate change. any substantial or extended decline in future commodity prices would have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or ability to finance planned capital expenditures and commitments. if commodity prices decline significantly for a sustained period of time, the lower prices may cause us to reduce our planned drilling program or adversely affect our ability to make planned expenditures, raise additional capital or meet our financial obligations. furthermore, substantial, extended decreases in commodity prices may render such projects uneconomic, which may result in significant downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves and could negatively impact our ability to borrow and cost of capital and our ability to access capital markets, increase our costs under our revolving credit facility and limit our ability to execute aspects of our business plans. refer to "future commodity price declines may result in write-downs of the carrying amount of our oil and gas properties, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations."
drilling oil and natural gas wells is a high-risk activity.
our growth is materially dependent upon the success of our drilling program. drilling for oil and natural gas involves numerous risks, including the risk that no commercially productive reservoirs will be encountered. the cost of drilling, completing and operating wells is substantial and uncertain, and drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of factors beyond our control. our future drilling activities may not be successful and, if unsuccessful, such failure will have an adverse effect on our future results of operations and financial condition.
our operations present hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight, and are subject to numerous possible disruptions from unexpected events.
the scope and nature of our operations present a variety of significant hazards and risks, including operational hazards and risks such as explosions, fires, product spills, and cybersecurity incidents and unauthorized access to data or systems, among other risks. our operations are also subject to broader global events and conditions, including public health crises, pandemic or epidemic, war or civil unrest, acts of terror, weather events and natural disasters, including weather events or natural disasters that are related to or exacerbated by climate change. such hazards and risks could impact our business in the areas in which we operate, and our business and operations may be disrupted if we fail to respond in an appropriate manner to such hazards and risks or if we are unable to efficiently restore or replace affected operational components and capacity. furthermore, our insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all resulting losses. the cost of insurance may increase and the availability of insurance may decrease, as a result of climate change or other factors. the occurrence of any event not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
our proved reserves are estimates. any material inaccuracies in our reserves estimates or underlying assumptions could cause the quantities and net present value of our reserves to be overstated or understated.
reserves engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. the process of estimating quantities of proved reserves is complex and inherently imprecise, and the reserves data included in this document are only estimates. the process relies on interpretations of available geologic, geophysical, engineering and production data. the extent, quality and reliability of this technical data can vary. the process also requires certain economic assumptions, some of which are mandated by the sec, such as assumptions relating to commodity prices. additional assumptions include drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of funds. furthermore, different reserve engineers may make different estimates of reserves and cash flows based on the same data. for example, our total company proved reserves decreased by approximately 17 percent year over year at december 31, 2022. for more information on such revision, refer to the supplemental oil and gas information included in item 8.
results of drilling, testing and production subsequent to the date of a reserves estimate may justify revising the original estimate. accordingly, initial reserves estimates often vary from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered, and such variances may be material. any significant variance could reduce the estimated quantities and present value of our reserves.
you should not assume that the present value of future net cash flows from our proved reserves is the current market value of our estimated reserves. in accordance with sec requirements, we base the estimated discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves on the 12-month average index price for the respective commodity, calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average for the first day of the month price for each month and costs in effect on the date of the estimate, holding the prices and costs constant throughout the life of the properties, unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future conditions. actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the net present value estimate, and future net present value estimates using then current prices and costs may be significantly less than the current estimate. in addition, the 10 percent discount factor we use when calculating discounted future net cash flows for reporting requirements in compliance with the applicable accounting standards may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the oil and gas industry in general.
future commodity price declines may result in write-downs of the carrying amount of our oil and gas properties, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
the value of our oil and gas properties depends on commodity prices. declines in these prices as well as increases in development costs, changes in well performance, delays in asset development or deterioration of drilling results may result in our having to make material downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves, and could result in an impairment charge and a corresponding write-down of the carrying amount of our oil and gas properties.
we evaluate our oil and gas properties for impairment on a field-by-field basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate a property's carrying amount may not be recoverable. we compare expected undiscounted future cash flows to the net book value of the asset. if the future undiscounted expected cash flows, based on our estimate of future commodity prices, operating costs and anticipated production from proved reserves and risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves, are lower than the net book value of the asset, the capitalized cost is reduced to fair value. commodity pricing is estimated by using a combination of assumptions management uses in its budgeting and forecasting process as well as historical and current prices adjusted for geographical location and quality differentials, as well as other factors that management believes will impact realizable prices. in the event that commodity prices decline, there could be a significant revision to the carrying amounts of oil and gas properties in the future.
our future performance depends on our ability to find or acquire additional oil and natural gas reserves that are economically recoverable.
unless we successfully replace the reserves that we produce, our reserves will decline as reserves are depleted, eventually resulting in a decrease in oil and natural gas production and lower revenues and cash flow from operations. our future production is, therefore, highly dependent on our level of success in finding or acquiring additional reserves. we may not be able to replace reserves through our exploration, development and exploitation activities or by acquiring properties at acceptable costs. additionally, there is no way to predict in advance of any exploration and development whether any particular location will yield sufficient quantities to recover drilling or completion costs or be economically viable. low commodity prices may further limit the kinds of reserves that we can develop and produce economically. if we are unable to replace our current and future production, our revenues will decrease and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
the development of our proved undeveloped reserves may take longer and may require higher levels of capital expenditures than we currently anticipate.
as of december 31, 2022, approximately 24 percent of our estimated proved reserves (by volume) were undeveloped. developing pud reserves requires significant capital expenditures, and the estimated future development costs associated with our pud reserves may not equal our actual costs, development may not occur as scheduled and results of our development activities may not be as estimated. if we choose not to develop our pud reserves, or if we are not otherwise able to develop them successfully, we will be required to remove them from our reported proved reserves. in addition, under the sec's reserves reporting rules, because pud reserves generally may be recorded only if they relate to wells scheduled to be drilled within five years of the date of booking, we may be required to remove any pud reserves that are no longer planned to be developed within this five-year time frame. delays in the development of our pud reserves, decreases in commodity prices and increases in costs to drill and develop such reserves may also result in some projects becoming uneconomic.
strategic determinations, including the allocation of capital and other resources to strategic opportunities, are challenging, and our failure to appropriately allocate capital and resources among our strategic opportunities may adversely affect our financial condition and reduce our growth rate.
our future growth prospects depend on our ability to identify optimal strategies for our business. in developing our business plans, we considered allocating capital and other resources to various aspects of our business including well-development (primarily drilling), reserve acquisitions, exploratory activity, corporate items and other alternatives. we also consider our likely sources of capital. notwithstanding the determinations made in the development of our 2023 plan, business opportunities not previously identified periodically may come to our attention, including possible acquisitions and dispositions. if we fail to identify optimal business strategies, or fail to optimize our capital investment and capital raising opportunities and the use of our other resources in furtherance of our business strategies, our financial condition and growth rate may be adversely affected. moreover, economic or other circumstances may change from those contemplated by our 2023 plan, and our failure to recognize or respond to those changes may limit our ability to achieve our objectives.
our ability to sell our oil, natural gas and ngl production and/or the prices we receive for our production could be materially harmed if we fail to obtain adequate services such as transportation and processing.
the sale of our oil, natural gas and ngl production depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including the availability and capacity of transportation and processing facilities. we deliver the majority of our oil, natural gas and ngl production through gathering systems and pipelines that we do not own. the lack of available capacity on these systems and facilities could reduce the price offered for our production or result in the shut-in of producing wells or the delay or discontinuance of development plans for properties. third-party systems and facilities may be unavailable due to market conditions or mechanical or other reasons, and in some cases the resulting curtailments of production could lead to payment being required where we fail to deliver oil, natural gas and ngls to meet minimum volume commitments. in addition, construction of new pipelines and building of required infrastructure may be slow. to the extent these services are unavailable, we would be unable to realize revenue from wells served by such facilities until suitable arrangements are made to market our production. our failure to obtain these services on acceptable terms could materially harm our business.
moreover, these availability and capacity issues are likely to occur in remote areas with less established infrastructure, such as our permian basin properties where we have significant oil and natural gas production. any of these availability or capacity issues could negatively affect our operations, revenues and expenses. in addition, the marcellus shale wells we have drilled to date have generally reported very high initial production rates. the amount of natural gas being produced in the area from these new wells, as well as natural gas produced from other existing wells, may exceed the capacity of the various gathering and intrastate or interstate transportation pipelines currently available. this could result in wells being shut in or awaiting a pipeline connection or capacity and/or natural gas being sold at much lower prices than those quoted on nymex or than we currently project, which would adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
acquired properties may not be worth what we pay to acquire them, due to uncertainties in evaluating recoverable reserves and other expected benefits, as well as potential liabilities.
successful property acquisitions require an assessment of a number of factors beyond our control. these factors include estimates of recoverable reserves, exploration potential, future commodity prices, operating costs, production taxes and potential environmental and other liabilities. these assessments are complex and inherently imprecise. our review of the properties we acquire may not reveal all existing or potential problems. in addition, our review may not allow us to assess fully the potential deficiencies of the properties. we do not inspect every well, and even when we inspect a well we may not discover structural, subsurface or environmental problems that may exist or arise.
there may be threatened or contemplated claims against the assets or businesses we acquire related to environmental, title, regulatory, tax, contract, litigation or other matters of which we are unaware, which could materially and adversely affect our production, revenues and results of operations. we often assume certain liabilities, and we may not be entitled to contractual indemnification for pre-closing liabilities, including environmental liabilities, and our contractual indemnification may not be effective. at times, we acquire interests in properties on an "as is" basis with limited representations and warranties and limited remedies for breaches of such representations and warranties. in addition, significant acquisitions can change the nature of our operations and business if the acquired properties have substantially different operating and geological characteristics or are in different geographic locations than our existing properties.
the integration of the businesses and properties we have acquired or may in the future acquire could be difficult, and may divert management's attention away from our existing operations.
the integration of the businesses and properties we have acquired, including via the merger, or may in the future acquire could be difficult, and may divert management's attention and financial resources away from our existing operations. these difficulties include:
•the challenge of integrating the acquired businesses and properties while carrying on the ongoing operations of our business;
•the inability to retain key employees of the acquired business;
•the challenge of inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies of the acquired business;
•potential unknown liabilities, unforeseen expenses or higher-than-expected integration costs;
•an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated;
•potential lack of operating experience in a geographic market of the acquired properties; and
•the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying our expectations.
if management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, our business could suffer. our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage our expanded business, which may pose substantial challenges for management. we may also face increased scrutiny from governmental authorities as a result of the increase in the size of our business. there can be no assurances that we will be successful in our integration efforts.
we have limited control over the activities on properties we do not operate.
other companies operate some of the properties in which we have an interest. as of december 31, 2022, non-operated wells represented approximately 51 percent of our total owned gross wells, or 13 percent of our owned net wells. we have limited ability to influence or control the operation or future development of these non-operated properties and on properties we operate in joint ventures in which we may share control with third parties, including compliance with environmental, safety and other regulations or the amount of capital expenditures that we are required to fund with respect to them. the failure of an operator of our wells or joint venture participant to adequately perform operations, an operator's breach of the applicable agreements or an operator's failure to act in ways that are in our best interest could reduce our production and revenues. our dependence on the operator and other working interest owners, including a joint venture participant, for these projects and our limited ability to influence or control the operation and future development of these properties could materially adversely affect the realization of our targeted returns on capital in drilling or acquisition activities and lead to unexpected future costs.
many of our properties are in areas that may have been partially depleted or drained by offset wells and certain of our wells may be adversely affected by actions other operators may take when drilling, completing or operating wells that they own.
many of our properties are in areas that may have been partially depleted or drained by earlier offset drilling. we have no control over offsetting operators, who could take actions, such as drilling and completing additional wells, which could adversely affect our operations. when a new well is completed and produced, the pressure differential in the vicinity of the wellbore causes the migration of reservoir fluids toward the new wellbore (and potentially away from existing wellbores), which could cause a depletion of our proved reserves and may inhibit our ability to further develop our proved reserves. the possibility for these impacts may increase with respect to wells that are shut in as a response to lower commodity prices or the lack of pipeline and storage capacity. in addition, completion operations and other activities conducted on other nearby wells could cause us, in order to protect our existing wells, to shut in production for indefinite periods of time. shutting in our wells and damage to our wells from offset completions could result in increased costs and could adversely affect the reserves and re-commenced production from such shut in wells.
we may lose leases if production is not established within the time periods specified in the leases or if we do not maintain production in paying quantities.
we could lose leases under certain circumstances if we do not maintain production in paying quantities or meet other lease requirements, and the amounts we spent for those leases could be lost. if we shut in wells in response to lower commodity prices or a lack of pipeline and storage capacity, we may face claims that we are not complying with lease provisions. in addition, the biden administration also may impose new restrictions and regulations affecting our ability to drill, conduct hydraulic fracturing operations, and obtain necessary rights-of-way on federal lands, which could, in turn, result in the loss of federal leases. the combined net acreage expiring over the next three years represents less than one percent of our total net undeveloped acreage as of december 31, 2022. our actual drilling activities may materially differ from those presently identified, which could adversely affect our business.
cyber-attacks targeting our systems, the oil and gas industry systems and infrastructure or the systems of our third-party service providers could adversely affect our business.
our business and the oil and gas industry in general have become increasingly dependent on digital data, computer networks and connected infrastructure, including technologies that are managed by third-party providers on whom we rely to help us collect, host or process information. we depend on this technology to record and store financial data, estimate quantities of oil and natural gas reserves, analyze and share operating data and communicate internally and externally. computers control nearly all of the oil and gas distribution systems in the u.s., which are necessary to transport our products to market. computers also enable communications and provide a host of other support services for our business. in recent years (and, in large part, due to the covid-19 pandemic), we have increased the use of remote networking and online conferencing services and technologies that enable employees to work outside of our corporate infrastructure, which exposes us to additional cybersecurity risks, including unauthorized access to sensitive information as a result of increased remote access and other cybersecurity related incidents.
cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, phishing, ransomware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. unauthorized access to our seismic data, reserves information, customer or employee data or other proprietary or commercially sensitive information could lead to data corruption, communication interruption or other disruptions in our exploration or production operations or planned business transactions, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business and operations. if our information technology systems cease to function properly or are breached, we could suffer disruptions to our normal operations, which may include drilling, completion, production and corporate functions. a cyber-attack involving our information systems and related infrastructure, or that of our business associates, could result in supply chain disruptions that delay or prevent the transportation and marketing of our production, equipment damage, fires, explosions or environmental releases, non-compliance leading to regulatory fines or penalties, loss or disclosure of, or damage to, our or any of our customer's or supplier's data or confidential information that could harm our business by damaging our reputation, subjecting us to potential financial or legal liability and requiring us to incur significant costs, including costs to repair or restore our systems and data or to take other remedial steps.
in addition, certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance, may remain undetected for an extended period, and our systems and insurance coverage for protecting against such cybersecurity risks may be costly and may not be sufficient. as cyber-attackers become more sophisticated, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to protect our business or remediate the damage from cyber-attacks. furthermore, the continuing and evolving threat of cyber-attacks has resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention, and we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. to the extent we face increased regulatory requirements, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements.
risks related to our indebtedness, hedging activities and financial position we have substantial capital requirements, and we may not be able to obtain needed financing on satisfactory terms, if at all.
we make and expect to make substantial capital expenditures in connection with our development and production projects. we rely on access to both our revolving credit facility and longer-term capital markets as sources of liquidity for any capital requirements not satisfied by cash flow from operations or other sources. adverse economic and market conditions, such as actions of the federal reserve to raise the target federal funds rate, could adversely affect our ability to access such sources of liquidity. future challenges in the global financial system may adversely affect the terms on which we are able to obtain financing, which could impact our business, financial condition and access to capital. our ability to access the capital markets may be restricted at a time when we desire, or need, to raise capital, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. additionally, such adverse economic and market conditions could impact our counterparties, including our receivables and our hedging counterparties, who may as a result of such conditions be unable to perform their obligations.
risks associated with our debt and the provisions of our debt agreements could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations.
our indebtedness as a result of the merger and related transactions could have adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including by requiring us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow to make debt service payments, which will reduce the funds that would otherwise be available for operations, returning cash flow from operations to stockholders and future business opportunities. as a result, our ability to sell assets, engage in strategic transactions or obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate and other purposes may be adversely impacted. our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future from operations, financings or asset sales. if we fail to make required payments or otherwise default on our debt, the lenders who hold such debt also could accelerate amounts due, which could potentially trigger a default or acceleration of other debt.
our debt agreements also require compliance with covenants to maintain specified financial ratios. if commodity prices deteriorate from current levels, it could lead to reduced revenues, cash flow and earnings, which in turn could lead to a default under such agreements due to lack of covenant compliance. because the calculations of the financial ratios are made as of certain dates, the financial ratios can fluctuate significantly from period to period. a prolonged period of lower commodity prices could further increase the risk of our inability to comply with covenants to maintain specified financial ratios. in order to provide a margin of comfort with regard to these financial covenants, we may seek to reduce our capital expenditures, sell non-strategic assets or opportunistically modify or increase our derivative instruments to the extent permitted under our debt agreements. in addition, we may seek to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness. we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to successfully execute any of these strategies, and such strategies may be unavailable on favorable terms or at all. for more information about our debt agreements, please read "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-financial condition-liquidity and capital resources."
we may have hedging arrangements that expose us to risk of financial loss and limit the benefit to us of increases in prices for oil and natural gas.
from time to time, when we believe that market conditions are favorable, we use financial derivative instruments to manage price risk associated with our oil and natural gas production. while there are many different types of derivatives available, we generally utilize collar, swap and basis swap agreements to manage price risk more effectively.
while these derivatives reduce the impact of declines in commodity prices, these derivatives conversely limit the benefit to us of increases in prices. in addition, these arrangements expose us to risks of financial loss in a variety of circumstances, including when:
•there is an adverse change in the expected differential between the underlying price in the derivative instrument and actual prices received for our production;
•production is less than expected; or
•a counterparty is unable to satisfy its obligations.
the cftc has promulgated regulations to implement statutory requirements for derivatives transactions, including swaps. although we believe that our use of swap transactions exempts us from certain regulatory requirements, the changes to the derivatives market regulation affect us directly and indirectly. these changes, as in effect and as continuing to be implemented, could increase the cost of derivative contracts, limit the availability of derivatives to protect against risks that we encounter, reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. if we reduce our use of swaps, our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable.
in addition, the use of financial derivative instruments involves the risk that the counterparties will be unable to meet the financial terms of such transactions. we are unable to predict changes in a counterparty's creditworthiness or ability to perform, and even if we could predict such changes accurately, our ability to negate such risk may be limited depending on market conditions and the contractual terms of the instruments. if any of our counterparties were to default on its obligations under our financial derivative instruments, such a default could (1) have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, (2) result in a larger percentage of our future production being subject to commodity price changes and (3) increase the likelihood that our financial derivative instruments may not achieve their intended strategic purposes.
we will continue to evaluate the benefit of utilizing derivatives in the future. please read "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7 and "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" in item 7a for further discussion concerning our use of derivatives.
legal, regulatory and governmental risks esg concerns and negative public perception regarding us and/or our industry could adversely affect our business operations and the price of our common stock, debt securities and preferred stock.
businesses across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from investors, governmental authorities, regulatory agencies and the public related to their esg practices, including practices and disclosures related to climate change, sustainability, diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, and heightened governance standards. failure, or a perceived failure, to adequately respond to or meet evolving investor, stockholder or public esg expectations, concerns and standards may cause a business entity to suffer reputational damage and materially and adversely affect the entity's business, financial condition, or stock and/or debt prices. in addition, organizations that provide esg information to investors have developed ratings processes for evaluating a business entity's approach to esg matters. although currently no universal rating standards exist, the importance of sustainability evaluations is becoming more broadly accepted by investors and stockholders, with some using these ratings to inform investment and voting decisions. additionally, certain investors use these scores to benchmark businesses against their peers and, if a business entity is perceived as lagging, these investors may engage with the entity to require improved esg disclosure or performance. moreover, certain members of the broader investment community may consider a business entity's sustainability score as a reputational or other factor in making an investment decision. consequently, a low sustainability score could result in exclusion of our securities from consideration by certain investment funds, engagement by investors seeking to improve such scores and a negative perception of our operations by certain investors. in addition, efforts in recent years aimed at the investment community to generally promote the divestment of fossil fuel equities and to limit or curtail activities with companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves could limit our ability to access capital markets. these initiatives by activists and banks, including certain banks who are parties to the credit agreement providing for our revolving credit facility, could interfere with our business activities, operations and ability to access capital.
further, negative public perception regarding us and/or our industry resulting from, among other things, concerns raised by advocacy groups about climate change impacts of methane and other greenhouse gas emissions, hydraulic fracturing, oil spills, and pipeline explosions coupled with increasing societal expectations on businesses to address climate change and potential consumer use of substitutes to carbon-intensive energy commodities may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our oil, natural gas and ngl production, reduced profits, increased regulation, regulatory investigations and litigation, and negative impacts on our stock and debt prices and access to capital markets. these factors could also cause the permits we need to conduct our operations to be challenged, withheld, delayed, or burdened by requirements that restrict our ability to profitably conduct our business.
federal, state and local laws and regulations, judicial actions and regulatory initiatives related to oil and gas development and the use of hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and operating restrictions or delays and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations, including drilling and environmental and safety laws and regulations, which increase the cost of planning, designing, drilling, installing and operating oil and natural gas facilities. new laws and regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing laws and regulations could further increase these costs, could increase our liability risks, and could result in increased restrictions on oil and gas exploration and production activities, which could have a material adverse effect on us and the oil and gas industry as a whole. risk of substantial costs and liabilities related to environmental and safety matters in particular, including compliance issues, environmental contamination and claims for damages to persons or property, are inherent in oil and natural gas operations. failure to comply with applicable environmental and safety laws and regulations also may result in the suspension or termination of our operations and subject us to administrative, civil and criminal penalties as well as the imposition of corrective action requirements and orders. in addition, applicable laws and regulations require us to obtain many permits for the operation of various facilities. the issuance of required permits is not guaranteed and, once issued, permits are subject to revocation, modification and renewal. failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations can result in fines and penalties or require us to incur substantial costs to remedy violations.
for additional information, please read "business and properties-other business matters-regulation of oil and natural gas exploration and production," "-regulation of natural gas marketing, gathering and transportation," and "-environmental and safety regulations" in items 1 and 2.
oil and natural gas production operations, especially those using hydraulic fracturing, are substantially dependent on the availability of water. our ability to produce oil and natural gas economically and in commercial quantities could be impaired if we are unable to acquire adequate supplies of water for our operations or are unable to dispose of or recycle the water we use economically and in an environmentally safe manner.
water is an essential component of oil and natural gas production during the drilling process. in particular, we use a significant amount of water in the hydraulic fracturing process. our inability to locate sufficient amounts of water, or dispose of or recycle water used in our exploration and production operations, could adversely impact our operations. compliance with environmental regulations and permit requirements governing the withdrawal, storage and use of surface water or groundwater necessary for hydraulic fracturing of wells may increase our operating costs and cause delays, interruptions or termination of our operations, the extent of which cannot be predicted, all of which could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition.
for additional information, please read "business and properties-other business matters-environmental and safety regulations-clean water act" in items 1 and 2.
the adoption of climate change legislation or regulations restricting emission of greenhouse gases could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil and gas we produce.
studies have found that emission of certain gases, commonly referred to as greenhouse gases ("ghg"), impact the earth's climate. the u.s. congress and various states have been evaluating, and in some cases implementing, climate-related legislation and other regulatory initiatives that restrict emissions of ghgs. these actions as well as any future laws or regulations that regulate or limit emissions of ghgs from our equipment and operations could require us to develop and implement new practices aimed at reducing ghg emissions, such as emissions control technologies, and monitor and report ghg emissions associated with our operations, any of which could increase our operating costs and could adversely affect demand for the oil and gas that we produce. at this time, it is not possible to quantify the impact of such future laws and regulations on our business.
for additional information, please read "business and properties-other business matters-environmental and safety regulations-greenhouse gas and climate change laws and regulations" in items 1 and 2.
we are subject to various climate-related risks.
the following is a summary of potential climate-related risks that could adversely affect us:
transition risks. transition risks are related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy and include policy and legal, technology, and market risks.
policy and legal risks. policy risks include actions that seek to lessen activities that contribute to adverse effects of climate change or to promote adaptation to climate change. examples of policy actions that would increase the costs of our operations or lower demand for our oil and gas include implementing carbon-pricing mechanisms, shifting energy use toward lower emission sources, adopting energy-efficiency solutions, encouraging greater water efficiency measures, and promoting more sustainable land-use practices. policy actions also may include restrictions or bans on oil and gas activities, which could lead to write-downs or impairments of our assets or may incentivize the use of alternative or renewable sources of energy that could reduce the demand for our products. for example, the ira contains tax inducements and other provisions that incentivize investment, development and deployment of alternative energy sources and technologies. legal risks include potential lawsuits or regulations regarding the impacts of climate change, failure to adapt to climate change, and the insufficiency of disclosure around material financial risks. for example, the sec in 2021 proposed rules on climate change disclosure requirements for public companies which, if adopted as proposed, could result in substantial compliance costs.
furthermore, we could also face an increased risk of climate‐related litigation or "greenwashing" suits with respect to our operations, disclosures, or products. claims have been made against certain energy companies alleging that ghg emissions from oil, gas and ngl operations constitute a public nuisance under federal and state law. private individuals or public entities also could attempt to enforce environmental laws and regulations against us and could seek personal injury and property damages or other remedies. additionally, governments and private parties are also increasingly filing suits, or initiating regulatory action, based on allegations that certain public statements regarding esg-related matters by companies are false and misleading "greenwashing" campaigns that violate deceptive trade practices and consumer protection statutes or that climate-related disclosures made by companies are inadequate. similar issues can also arise when aspirational statements such as net-zero or carbon neutrality targets are made without clear plans. although we are not a party to any such climate-related or "greenwashing" litigation currently, unfavorable rulings against us in any such case brought against us in the future could significantly impact our operations and could have an adverse impact on our financial condition.
technology risks. technological improvements or innovations that support the transition to a lower-carbon, more energy efficient economic system may have a significant impact on us. the development and use of emerging technologies in renewable energy, battery storage, and energy efficiency may lower demand for oil and gas, resulting in lower prices and revenues, and higher costs. in addition, many automobile manufacturers have announced plans to shift production from internal combustion engine to electric powered vehicles, and states and foreign countries have announced bans on sales of internal combustion engine vehicles beginning as early as 2025, which would reduce demand for oil.
market risks. markets could be affected by climate change through shifts in supply and demand for certain commodities, especially carbon-intensive commodities such as oil and gas and other products dependent on oil and gas. lower demand for our oil and gas production could result in lower prices and lower revenues. market risk also may take the form of limited access to capital as investors shift investments to less carbon-intensive industries and alternative energy industries. in addition, investment advisers, banks, and certain sovereign wealth, pension, and endowment funds recently have been promoting divestment of investments in fossil fuel companies and pressuring lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction, production, and sale of oil and gas. for additional information, please read "-risks related to our indebtedness, hedging activities and financial position-we have substantial capital requirements, and we may not be able to obtain needed financing on satisfactory terms, if at all" in this item 1a.
reputation risk. climate change is a potential source of reputational risk, which is tied to changing customer or community perceptions of an organization's contribution to, or detraction from, the transition to a lower-carbon economy. for additional information, please read "-esg concerns and negative public perception regarding us and/or our industry could adversely affect our business operations and the price of our common stock, debt securities and preferred stock." in this item 1a.
physical risks. potential physical risks resulting from climate change may be event driven (including increased severity of extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, droughts, or floods) or may be driven by longer-term shifts in climate patterns that may cause sea level rise or chronic heat waves. potential physical risks may cause direct damage to assets and indirect impacts, such as supply chain disruption, and also could include changes in water availability, sourcing, and quality, which could impact drilling and completion operations. these physical risks could cause increased costs, production disruptions, lower revenues and substantially increase the cost or limit the availability of insurance.
we are subject to a number of privacy and data protection laws, rules and directives (collectively, data protection laws) relating to the processing of personal data.
the regulatory environment surrounding data protection laws is uncertain. complying with varying jurisdictional requirements could increase the costs and complexity of compliance, and violations of applicable data protection laws can result in significant penalties. a determination that there have been violations of applicable data protection laws could expose us to significant damage awards, fines and other penalties that could materially harm our business and reputation.
any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with applicable data protection laws could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments and negative publicity, require us to change our business practices, increase the costs and complexity of compliance and adversely affect our business. as noted above, we are also subject to the possibility of security and privacy breaches, which themselves may result in a violation of these laws. additionally, the acquisition of a company that is not in compliance with applicable data protection laws may result in a violation of these laws.
tax law changes could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
substantive changes to existing federal income tax laws have been proposed that, if adopted, would repeal many tax incentives and deductions that are currently used by u.s. oil and gas companies and would impose new taxes. the proposals include: repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties; elimination of the ability to fully deduct intangible drilling costs in the year incurred; and increase in the geological and geophysical amortization period for independent producers. additional proposed general tax law changes include raising tax rates on both domestic and foreign income.
should the u.s. or the states pass tax legislation limiting any currently allowed tax incentives and deductions, our taxes would increase, potentially significantly, which would have a negative impact on our net income and cash flows. this could also reduce our drilling activities in the u.s. since future changes to federal and state tax legislation and regulations are unknown, we cannot predict the ultimate impact such changes may have on our business.
additional risks related to the merger we may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the merger.
the long-term success of the merger will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our two businesses and operational synergies. the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the merger may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected, may not be realized or could have other adverse effects that we do not currently foresee. some of the assumptions that we have made, such as the achievement of the anticipated benefits related to the geographic, commodity and asset diversification and the expected size, scale, inventory and financial strength of the combined business, may not be realized. in addition, there could be potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses associated with the merger that could adversely impact us.
risks related to our corporate structure provisions of delaware law and our bylaws and charter could discourage change-in-control transactions and prevent stockholders from receiving a premium on their investment.
our charter authorizes our board of directors to set the terms of preferred stock. in addition, delaware law contains provisions that impose restrictions on business combinations with interested parties. our bylaws prohibit the calling of a special meeting by our stockholders and place procedural requirements and limitations on stockholder proposals at meetings of stockholders. because of these provisions of our charter, bylaws and delaware law, persons considering unsolicited tender offers or other unilateral takeover proposals may be more likely to negotiate with our board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. as a result, these provisions may make it more difficult for our stockholders to benefit from transactions that are opposed by an incumbent board of directors.
the personal liability of our directors for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duty of care is limited by the delaware general corporation law and by our charter.
the delaware general corporation law allows corporations to limit available relief for the breach of directors' duty of care to equitable remedies such as injunction or rescission. our charter limits the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by delaware law. specifically, our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages for any breach of their fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability:
•for any breach of their duty of loyalty to the company or our stockholders;
•for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;
•under provisions relating to unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; and
•for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
this limitation may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors, and may discourage or deter stockholders or management from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their duty of care, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise have benefited our stockholders.
the exclusive-forum provision contained in our bylaws could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees.
our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or agent of coterra to coterra or our stockholders, including a claim alleging the aiding and abetting of such a breach of fiduciary duty, (3) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the delaware general corporation law or our bylaws or charter or (4) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine or asserting an "internal corporate claim" shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the court of chancery of the state of delaware (or, if the court of chancery does not have jurisdiction, the u.s. federal district court for the district of delaware).
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, this exclusive-forum provision applies to state and federal law claims, including claims under the federal securities laws, including the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), and the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "exchange act"), although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. this exclusive-forum provision may limit the ability of a stockholder to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. alternatively, if a court were to find this exclusive-forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, stockholders who do bring a claim in a state or federal court located within the state of delaware could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near delaware. in addition, the court located in the state of delaware may reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to us than to our stockholders.
general risk factors the loss of key personnel could adversely affect our ability to operate.
our operations depend on a relatively small group of key management and technical personnel, and one or more of these individuals could leave our employment. the change in control and severance benefits triggered by the merger may provide incentive for key management and technical personnel to leave our company. the unexpected loss of the services of one or more of these individuals could have a detrimental effect on us. in addition, our drilling success and the success of other activities integral to our operations will depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain experienced geologists, engineers and other professionals. competition for experienced geologists, engineers and some other professionals is extremely intense and can be exacerbated following a downturn in which talented professionals leave the industry or when potential new entrants to the industry decide not to undertake the professional training to enter the industry. this has occurred as a result of the downturn in commodity prices in 2020 and previous downturns and as a result of initiatives to move from oil and gas to alternative energy sources. if we cannot retain our technical personnel or attract additional experienced technical personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed.
competition in our industry is intense, and many of our competitors have substantially greater financial and technological resources than we do, which could adversely affect our competitive position.
competition in the oil and natural gas industry is intense. major and independent oil and natural gas companies actively bid for desirable oil and gas properties, as well as for the capital, equipment, labor and infrastructure required to operate and develop these properties. our competitive position is affected by price, contract terms and quality of service, including pipeline connection times, distribution efficiencies and reliable delivery record. many of our competitors have financial and technological resources and exploration and development budgets that are substantially greater than ours. these companies may be able to pay more for exploratory projects and productive oil and gas properties and may be able to define, evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or human resources permit. in addition, these companies may be able to expend greater resources on the existing and changing technologies that we believe will be increasingly important to attaining success in the industry. these companies may also have a greater ability to continue drilling activities during periods of low oil and natural gas prices and to absorb the burden of current and future governmental regulations and taxation.
further, certain of our competitors may engage in bankruptcy proceedings, debt refinancing transactions, management changes or other strategic initiatives in an attempt to reduce operating costs to maintain a position in the market. this could result in such competitors emerging with stronger or healthier balance sheets and in turn an improved ability to compete with us in the future. we have seen and may continue to see corporate consolidations among our competitors, which could significantly alter industry conditions and competition within the industry.
because our activity is concentrated in areas of heavy industry competition, there is heightened demand for equipment, power, services, facilities and resources, resulting in higher costs than in other areas. such intense competition also could result in delays in securing, or the inability to secure, the equipment, power, services, resources or facilities necessary for our development activities, which could negatively impact our production volumes. in remote areas, vendors also can charge higher rates due to the inability to attract employees to those areas and the vendors' ability to deploy their resources in easier-to-access areas.
the declaration, payment and amounts of future dividends distributed to our stockholders and the repurchase of our common stock will be uncertain.
although we have paid cash dividends on shares of our common stock and have conducted repurchases of our common stock in the past, our board of directors may determine not to take such actions in the future or may reduce the amount of dividends or repurchases made in the future. decisions on whether, when and in which amounts to declare and pay any future dividends, or to authorize and make any repurchases of our common stock, will remain in the discretion of our board of directors. we expect that any such decisions will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, cash balances, cash requirements, future prospects, the outlook for commodity prices and other considerations that our board of directors deems relevant.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis is based on management's perspective and is intended to assist you in understanding our results of operations and our present financial condition and outlook. our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k contain additional information that should be referenced when reviewing this material. this discussion and analysis also includes forward-looking statements. readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described under "forward-looking statements" in part i of this report and "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this report, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in this report.
overview cimarex merger on october 1, 2021, we and cimarex completed the merger. cimarex is an oil and gas exploration and production company with operations in texas, new mexico and oklahoma.
financial and operational information set forth herein does not include the activity of cimarex for periods prior to the closing of the merger.
financial and operating overview financial and operating results for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021 are as follows:
•equivalent production increased 64.2 mmboe from 167.1 mmboe, or 660.0 mboepd, in 2021 to 231.3 mmboe, or 633.8 mboepd, in 2022. the increase was attributable to production during the year ended 2022 from properties acquired in the merger, which significantly expanded our operations, partially offset by lower production in the marcellus shale due to the timing of drilling and completion activities.
•natural gas production increased 113.2 bcf from 911.1 bcf, or 2,492 mmcf per day, in 2021 to 1,024.3 bcf, or 2,806 mmcf per day, in 2022. the increase was attributable to production from properties acquired in the merger, partially offset by lower production in the marcellus shale due to the timing of drilling and completion activities.
•oil production increased 24 mmbbl from 8 mmbbl in 2021 to 32 mmbbl in 2022. the increase was attributable to production from properties acquired in the merger.
•ngl production increased 22 mmbbl from 7 mmbbl in 2021 to 29 mmbbl in 2022. the increase was attributable to production from properties acquired in the merger.
•average realized natural gas price for 2022 was $4.91 per mcf, 80 percent higher than the $2.73 per mcf price realized in 2021.
•average realized oil price for 2022 was $84.33 per bbl, 40 percent higher than the $60.35 per bbl price realized in 2021.
•average realized ngl price for 2022 was $33.58 per bbl, two percent lower than the $34.18 per bbl price realized in 2021.
•total capital expenditures were $1.7 billion in 2022 compared to $725 million in 2021. the increase in capital expenditures was attributable to our expanded operations after the merger.
•drilled 285 gross wells (174.6 net) with a success rate of 99.6 percent in 2022 compared to 114 gross wells (99.9 net) with a success rate of 100 percent in 2021.
•completed 251 gross wells (151.2 net) in 2022 compared to 132 gross wells (108.3 net) in 2021.
•average rig count during 2022 was approximately 6.2, 2.9 and 0.9 rigs in the permian basin, the marcellus shale and the anadarko basin, respectively. average rig count during 2021 was 5.3, 2.5 and 0.9 rigs in the permian basin, the marcellus shale and the anadarko basin, respectively.
•increased our base-plus-variable dividends from $1.12 per common share in 2021 to $2.49 per common share in 2022, as part of the company's returns-focused strategy.
•fully executed our share repurchase program and repurchased 48 million shares of common stock for $1.25 billion during 2022. in february 2023, our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program which authorizes the purchase of up to $2.0 billion of our common stock.
•redeemed $750 million principal amount of our and cimarex's 4.375% senior notes and repaid $37 million principal amount of our 6.51% weighted-average private placement senior notes and $87 million principal amount of our 5.58% weighted-average private placement senior notes during 2022 as part of our efforts to strengthen our balance sheet. repaid $188 million of private placement senior notes which matured in 2021.
market conditions and commodity prices our financial results depend on many factors, particularly commodity prices and our ability to find, develop and market our production on economically attractive terms. commodity prices are affected by many factors outside of our control, including changes in market supply and demand, which are impacted by pipeline capacity constraints, inventory storage levels, basis differentials, weather conditions, geopolitical, economic and other factors.
nymex oil and natural gas futures prices have strengthened since the reduction of pandemic-related restrictions and increased opec+ cooperation. improving oil and natural gas futures prices in part reflect market expectations of limited u.s. supply growth from publicly traded companies as a result of capital investment discipline and a focus on delivering free cash flow returns to stockholders. in addition, natural gas prices have benefited from strong worldwide liquefied natural gas ("lng") demand, which is, in part, a result of buyers shifting from russian gas due to the ukraine invasion, sustained higher u.s. exports, lower associated gas growth from oil drilling and improved u.s. economic activity. these pricing increases have been partially offset by reduced gas consumption due to warmer winter weather in the u.s. and europe and concerns over potential economic recession, negatively impacting natural gas and ngl prices. oil price futures have improved (although such future prices are still lower than current spot prices) coinciding with recovering global economic activity, lower supply from major oil producing countries, opec+ cooperation and moderating inventory levels.
although the current outlook on oil and natural gas prices is generally favorable and our operations have not been significantly impacted in the short-term, in the event further disruptions occur and continue for an extended period of time, our operations could be adversely impacted, commodity prices could decline and our costs may continue to increase further. while oil and natural gas prices have fallen since their peak in 2022, further geopolitical disruptions in 2023, such as those experienced in 2022, may cause such prices to rapidly rise once again. although we are unable to predict future commodity prices, at current oil, natural gas and ngl price levels, we do not believe that an impairment of our oil and gas properties is reasonably likely to occur in the near future; however, in the event that commodity prices significantly decline or costs increase significantly from current levels, our management would evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of our oil and gas properties.
in addition, the issue of, and increasing political and social attention on, climate change has resulted in both existing and pending national, regional and local legislation and regulatory measures, such as mandates for renewable energy and emissions reductions targeted at limiting or reducing emissions of greenhouse gases. changes in these laws or regulations may result in delays or restrictions in permitting and the development of projects, may result in increased costs and may impair our ability to move forward with our construction, completions, drilling, water management, waste handling, storage, transport and remediation activities, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
for information about the impact of realized commodity prices on our revenues, refer to "results of operations" below.
inflation certain of our capital expenditures and expenses are affected by general inflation, which rose throughout 2022. while rising inflation is typically offset by the higher prices at which we are able to realize on sales of our commodity production, we nevertheless expect to see inflation impact our cost structure into 2023, albeit at a more moderate pace compared to 2022.
climate climate-related regulations and climate-related business trends may impact our business, financial condition and results of our operations, and we may experience the following:
•decreased demand for goods or services that produce significant greenhouse gas emissions or are related to carbon-based energy sources;
•increased demand for goods that result in lower emissions than competing products;
•increased competition to develop innovative new products that result in lower emissions;
•increased demand for generation and transmission of energy from alternative energy sources; and
•reputational risks resulting from our operations or oil, natural gas and ngls that we sell as it relates to the production of material greenhouse gas emissions.
financial condition liquidity and capital resources we strive to maintain an adequate liquidity level to address commodity price volatility and risk. our liquidity requirements consist primarily of our planned capital expenditures, payment of contractual obligations (including debt maturity and interest payments), working capital requirements, dividend payments and share repurchases. although we have no obligation to do so, we may also from time-to-time refinance or retire our outstanding debt through privately negotiated transactions, open market repurchases, redemptions, exchanges, tender offers or otherwise.
our primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand, net cash provided by operating activities and available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility. our liquidity requirements are generally funded with cash flows provided by operating activities, together with cash on hand. however, from time to time, our investments may be funded by bank borrowings (including draws on our revolving credit facility), sales of non-strategic assets, and private or public financing based on our monitoring of capital markets and our balance sheet. our debt is currently rated as investment grade by the three leading rating agencies, and there are no "rating triggers" in any of our debt agreements that would accelerate the scheduled maturities should our debt rating fall below a certain level. in determining our debt ratings, the agencies consider a number of qualitative and quantitative items including, but not limited to, current commodity prices, our liquidity position, our asset quality and reserve mix, debt levels, cost structure and growth plans. credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. a change in our debt rating could impact our interest rate on any borrowings under our revolving credit facility and our ability to economically access debt markets in the future and could trigger the requirement to post credit support under various agreements, which could reduce the borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility. we believe that, with operating cash flow, cash on hand and availability under our revolving credit facility, we have the ability to finance our spending plans over the next twelve months and, based on current expectations, for the longer term.
we plan to continue our practice of entering into hedging arrangements to reduce the impact of commodity price volatility on our cash flow from operations.
our working capital is substantially influenced by the variables discussed above and fluctuates based on the timing and amount of borrowings and repayments under our revolving credit facility, repayments of debt, the timing of cash collections and payments on our trade accounts receivable and payable, respectively, payment of dividends, repurchases of our securities and changes in the fair value of our commodity derivative activity. from time to time, our working capital will reflect a deficit, while at other times it will reflect a surplus. this fluctuation is not unusual. at december 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a working capital surplus of $1.0 billion and $916 million, respectively. we believe we have adequate liquidity and availability as outlined above to meet our working capital requirements over the next 12 months.
we had $1.5 billion of capacity on our revolving credit facility at december 31, 2022, and unrestricted cash on hand of $673 million.
cash flows our cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities are as follows:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                        2022                        2021                      2020
cash flows provided by operating activities                    $5,456                      $1,667                      $778
cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities         (1,674)                         313                     (584)
cash flows used in financing activities                       (4,145)                     (1,086)                     (256)
operating activities. net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 increased by $3.8 billion compared to 2021. this increase was primarily due to higher net income as a result of higher natural gas, oil and ngl revenue, partially offset by higher operating expenses, higher cash paid on derivative settlements and unfavorable changes in working capital and other assets and liabilities. the increase in natural gas, oil and ngl revenue was primarily due to increased production as a result of the merger and an overall increase in commodity prices. average oil and natural gas prices increased by $18.86 per bbl and $2.27 per mcf, respectively, and average ngl prices decreased $0.60 per bbl in 2022 compared to 2021.
on october 1, 2021, we and cimarex completed the merger. although we expect to achieve certain general and administrative expense synergies over the long-term through cost savings, in the near-term we will continue to incur certain severance costs related to the merger, which in total are expected to range from $100 million to $110 million. these payments will primarily relate to workforce reductions and the associated employee severance benefits. as of december 31, 2022, we have incurred approximately $96 million of employee severance benefits.
refer to "results of operations" for additional information relative to commodity price, production and operating expense fluctuations. we are unable to predict future commodity prices and, as a result, cannot provide any assurance about future levels of net cash provided by operating activities.
investing activities. cash flows used in investing activities increased by $2.0 billion from 2021 to 2022. the increase was primarily due to $982 million of higher capital expenditures as a result of our expanded operations after the merger and $1.0 billion of cash held by cimarex that was subsequently reflected on our balance sheet after consummation of the merger in 2021.
financing activities. cash flows used in financing activities increased by $3.1 billion from 2021 to 2022. the increase was due to $1.3 billion of higher share repurchases during 2022, $1.2 billion of higher dividend payments in 2022 compared to 2021, and $686 million higher net repayments of debt. these increases were partially offset by $89 million lower tax withholding payments related to share-based awards that vested as a result of the merger.
revolving credit facility we had $1.5 billion of capacity on our revolving credit facility at december 31, 2022. the revolving credit facility is scheduled to mature in april 2024, subject to extension up to one year if certain conditions are met. our revolving credit facility bears interest at a margin above rates offered by certain designated banks in the london interbank market or at a margin above the overnight federal funds rate or prime rates by certain designated banks in the u.s. additionally, our revolving credit facility includes certain customary covenants, including a covenant limiting our borrowing capacity based on our leverage ratio. our revolving credit facility also requires us to maintain a leverage ratio of no more than 3.0 to 1.0 until such time as we have no other debt outstanding that has a financial maintenance covenant based on a leverage ratio, and thereafter requires us to maintain a ratio of total debt to total capitalization of no more than 65 percent. at december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial covenants for our revolving credit facility, and had no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. refer to note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, "long-term debt and credit agreements," for further details regarding the interest rate on future borrowings under the revolving credit facility and our leverage ratio.
certain restrictive covenants our ability to incur debt, incur liens, pay dividends, repurchase or redeem our equity interests, redeem our senior notes, make certain types of investments, enter into mergers, sell assets, enter into transactions with affiliates, and engage in certain other activities are subject to certain restrictive covenants in our various debt instruments. in addition, the senior note agreements governing various series of senior notes that were issued in separate private placements (the "private placement senior notes") require us to maintain a minimum annual coverage ratio of consolidated cash flow to interest expense for the trailing four quarters of 2.8 to 1.0 and require a maximum ratio of total debt to consolidated ebitda for the trailing four quarters of not more than 3.0 to 1.0. at december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial covenants in our private placement senior notes. refer to note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, "long-term debt and credit agreements," for further details regarding the restrictive covenants contained in our various debt instruments.
capitalization information about our capitalization is as follows:
december 31,
(dollars in millions)                       2022                       2021
total debt                                $2,181                     $3,125
stockholders' equity                      12,659                     11,738
total capitalization                     $14,840                    $14,863
debt to total capitalization                 15%                        21%
cash and cash equivalents                   $673                     $1,036
on september 29, 2021, our stockholders approved an amendment to our certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of our common stock from 960,000,000 shares to 1,800,000,000 shares. that amendment became effective on october 1, 2021.
on october 1, 2021 and following the effectiveness of the merger, we issued approximately 408.2 million shares of common stock to cimarex stockholders under the terms of the merger agreement (excluding shares that were awarded in replacement of previously outstanding cimarex restricted share awards).
common stock repurchases. in february 2022, our board of directors terminated our previously authorized share repurchase program and approved a share repurchase program which allowed us to purchase up to $1.25 billion of our common stock in the open market or in negotiated transactions. as of december 31, 2022, this repurchase program was fully executed and in february 2023 our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program which authorizes the purchase of $2.0 billion of our common stock.
during 2022, we repurchased 48 million shares of our common stock for $1.25 billion under our authorized share repurchase program. we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during 2021 under our previously authorized share repurchase program. during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, 320,236 and 125,067 shares of common stock, respectively, were recorded as treasury stock related to common shares that were retained from vested restricted stock awards for withholding of taxes.
in december 2022, our board of directors authorized the retirement of our common stock held in treasury and as of december 31, 2022, there were no common shares held in treasury stock on the consolidated balance sheet. prospectively, share repurchases and shares withheld for the vesting of stock awards will be retired in the period in which they are repurchased or withheld.
dividends. in february 2022, our board of directors approved an increase in our base quarterly dividend from $0.125 per share to $0.15 per share beginning in the first quarter of 2022. our board of directors previously approved an increase in our base quarterly dividend rate in the fourth quarter of 2021 and second quarter of 2021 from $0.11 per share to $0.125 per share and from $0.10 per share to $0.11 per share, respectively.
the following table presents our dividends paid on our common stock for the full year 2022 and 2021.
rate per share base                   variable                total              total dividends paid (in millions)
2022   $0.60                  $1.89                   $2.49                            $1,991
2021 (1)   $0.45                  $0.67                   $1.12                              $779
________________________________________________________
(1)includes a special dividend of $0.50 per share on our common stock that was paid following the completion of the merger.
in february 2023, our board of directors approved an increase in our base quarterly dividend from $0.15 per share to $0.20 per share beginning in the first quarter of 2023, and approved a quarterly base dividend of $0.20 per share and a variable dividend of $0.37 per share, resulting in a total base-plus-variable dividend of $0.57 per share on our common stock.
capital and exploration expenditures on an annual basis, we generally fund most of our capital expenditures, excluding any significant property acquisitions, with cash generated from operations and, if required, borrowings under our revolving credit facility. we budget these expenditures based on our projected cash flows for the year.
the following table presents major components of our capital and exploration expenditures:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                2022                        2021                      2020
acquisitions(1) :
proved                                     $-                      $7,472                        $-
unproved                                    -                       5,381                         -
total                                      $-                     $12,853                        $-
capital expenditures drilling and facilities                $1,617                        $688                      $547
leasehold acquisitions                     10                           5                         6
pipeline and gathering                     56                           9                         -
other                                      54                          23                        17
1,737                         725                       570
exploration expenditures(2)                29                          18                        15
total                                  $1,766                        $743                      $585
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)these amounts represent the fair value of the proved and unproved properties recorded in the purchase price allocation with respect to the merger. the purchase was funded through the issuance of our common stock.
(2)there were no exploratory dry-hole costs in 2022 or 2021. exploration expenditures include $4 million of exploratory dry-hole costs in 2020.
in 2022, we drilled 285 gross wells (174.6 net) and completed 251 gross wells (151.2 net), of which 58 gross wells (37.2 net) were drilled but uncompleted in prior years.
our 2023 capital program is expected to be approximately $2.0 billion to $2.2 billion. we expect to turn-in-line 150 to 175 total net wells in 2023 across our three operating regions. approximately 49 percent of our drilling and completion capital will be invested in the permian basin, 44 percent in the marcellus shale and the balance in the anadarko basin. the increase in our year-over-year capital expenditures is primarily driven by our expectations around the impact of inflation on our 2023 capital program and a modest increase in activity. we will continue to assess the commodity price environment and may increase or decrease our capital expenditures accordingly.
contractual obligations we have various contractual obligations in the normal course of our operations. as of december 31, 2022, our material contractual obligations include debt and related interest expense, transportation and gathering agreements, lease obligations, operational agreements, drilling and completion obligations, derivative obligations and asset retirement obligations. other joint owners in the properties operated by us could incur a portion of these costs. we expect that our sources of capital will be adequate to fund these obligations. refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report for further details.
from time to time, we enter into arrangements that can give rise to material off-balance sheet obligations. as of december 31, 2022, the material off-balance sheet arrangements we had entered into included certain firm transportation and processing commitments and operating lease agreements with terms at commencement of less than 12 months for equipment used in our exploration and development activities. we have no other off-balance sheet debt or other similar unrecorded obligations.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the balance sheet, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. actual results could differ from those estimates, and changes in our estimates are recorded when known. we consider the following to be our most critical estimates that involve judgement of management.
purchase accounting from time to time we may acquire assets and assume liabilities in transactions accounted for as business combinations, such as the merger. in connection with the merger in 2021, we allocated the $9.1 billion of purchase price consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values as of the effective date of the merger. the purchase price allocation is complete and there were no material adjustments to the amounts previously disclosed.
we made a number of assumptions in estimating the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the merger. the most significant assumptions related to the fair value estimates of proved and unproved oil and gas properties, which were recorded at fair value of $12.9 billion. because sufficient market data was not available regarding the fair values of the acquired proved and unproved oil and gas properties, we prepared our estimates using discounted cash flows and engaged third party valuation experts. significant judgments and assumptions are inherent in these estimates and include, among other things, estimates of reserves quantities and production volumes, future commodity prices and price differentials, expected development costs, lease operating costs, reserves risk adjustment factors and an estimate of an applicable market participant discount rate that reflects the risk of the underlying cash flow estimates.
estimated fair values assigned to assets acquired can have a significant impact on future results of operations, as presented in our financial statements. fair values are based on estimates of future commodity prices and price differentials, reserves quantities and production volumes, development costs and lease operating costs. in the event that future commodity prices or reserves quantities or production volumes are significantly lower than those used in the determination of fair value as of the effective date of the merger, the likelihood increases that certain costs may be determined to be unrecoverable.
in addition to the fair value of proved and unproved oil and gas properties, other significant fair value assessments for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the merger relate to long-term debt, fixed assets and derivative instruments. the fair value of the assumed cimarex publicly traded debt was based on available third-party quoted prices. we prepared estimates and engaged third-party valuation experts to assist in the valuation of certain fixed assets, which required significant judgments and assumptions inherent in the estimates and included projected cash flows and comparable companies' cash flow multiples. the fair value of assumed derivative instrument liabilities included significant judgments and assumptions related to estimates of future commodity prices and related differentials and estimates of volatility factors and interest rates.
successful efforts method of accounting we follow the successful efforts method of accounting for our oil and gas producing activities. acquisition costs for proved and unproved properties are capitalized when incurred. judgment is required to determine the proper classification of wells designated as developmental or exploratory, which ultimately will determine the proper accounting treatment of costs incurred. exploration costs, including geological and geophysical costs, the costs of carrying and retaining unproved properties and exploratory dry-hole costs are expensed. development costs, including costs to drill and equip development wells and successful exploratory drilling costs to locate proved reserves, are capitalized.
oil and gas reserves the process of estimating quantities of proved reserves is inherently imprecise, and the reserves data included in this document is only an estimate. the process relies on interpretations and judgment of available geological, geophysical, engineering and production data. the extent, quality and reliability of this technical data can vary. the process also requires certain economic assumptions, some of which are mandated by the sec, such as commodity prices. additional assumptions include drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of funds. any significant variance in the interpretations or assumptions could materially affect the estimated quantity and value of our reserves and can change substantially over time. periodic revisions to the estimated reserves and future cash flows may be necessary as a result of reservoir performance, drilling activity, commodity prices, fluctuations in operating expenses, technological advances, new geological or geophysical data or other economic factors. accordingly, reserves estimates are generally different from the quantities ultimately recovered.
the reserves estimates of our oil and gas properties have been prepared by our petroleum engineering staff and certain of our reserves are subject to an evaluation performed by an independent third-party petroleum consulting firm. in 2022, greater than 90 percent of the total future net revenue discounted at 10 percent attributable to our proved reserves were subject to this evaluation. for more information regarding reserves estimation, including historical reserves revisions, refer to the supplemental oil and gas information included in item 8.
our rate of recording dd&a expense is dependent upon our estimate of proved and proved developed reserves, which are utilized in our unit-of-production calculation. if the estimates of proved reserves were to be reduced, the rate at which we record dd&a expense would increase, reducing net income. such a reduction in reserves may result from lower market prices, which may make it uneconomic to drill and produce higher cost fields. a five percent positive or negative revision to proved reserves would result in a decrease of $0.31 per boe and an increase of $0.34 per boe, respectively, on our dd&a rate. this estimated impact is based on current data, and actual events could require different adjustments to our dd&a rate.
in addition, a decline in proved reserves estimates may impact the outcome of our impairment test under applicable accounting standards. no impairment resulted from our recent downward reserves revision in the marcellus shale. due to the inherent imprecision of the reserves estimation process, risks associated with the operations of proved producing properties and market sensitive commodity prices utilized in our impairment analysis, we cannot determine if an impairment is reasonably likely to occur in the future.
oil and gas properties we evaluate our proved oil and gas properties for impairment on a field-by-field basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. we compare expected undiscounted future cash flows to the net book value of the asset. if the future undiscounted expected cash flows, based on our estimate of future commodity prices, operating costs and anticipated production from proved reserves and risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves, are lower than the net book value of the asset, then the capitalized cost is reduced to fair value. commodity pricing is estimated by using a combination of assumptions management uses in its budgeting and forecasting process, historical and current prices adjusted for geographical location and quality differentials, as well as other factors that we believe will impact realizable prices. given the significant volatility in oil, natural gas and ngls prices, estimates of such future prices are inherently imprecise. in the event that commodity prices significantly decline, we would test the recoverability of the carrying value of our oil and gas properties and, if necessary, record an impairment charge. fair value is calculated by discounting the future cash flows. the discount factor used is based on rates utilized by market participants that are commensurate with the risks inherent in the development and production of the underlying oil and natural gas.
unproved oil and gas properties are assessed periodically for impairment on an aggregate basis through periodic updates to our undeveloped acreage amortization based on past drilling and exploration experience, our expectation of converting leases to held by production and average property lives. average property lives are determined on a geographical basis and based on the estimated life of unproved property leasehold rights. historically, the average property life in each of the geographical areas has not significantly changed and generally ranges from three to five years. the commodity price environment may impact the capital available for exploration projects as well as development drilling. we have considered these impacts when determining the amortization of our undeveloped acreage. if the average unproved property life decreases or increases by one year, the amortization would increase by approximately $12 million or decrease by $8 million, respectively, per year.
as these properties are developed and reserves are proved, the remaining capitalized costs are subject to depreciation and depletion. if the development of these properties is deemed unsuccessful and the properties are abandoned or surrendered, the capitalized costs related to the unsuccessful activity are expensed in the year the determination is made. the rate at which the unproved properties are written off depends on the timing and success of our future exploration and development program.
derivative instruments under applicable accounting standards, the fair value of each derivative instrument is recorded as either an asset or liability on the balance sheet. at the end of each quarterly period, these instruments are marked-to-market. the change in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedges is recorded as a component of operating revenues in gain (loss) on derivative instruments in the consolidated statement of operations.
our derivative contracts are measured based on quotes from our counterparties or internal models. such quotes and models have been derived using an income approach that considers various inputs including current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, quoted forward commodity prices, basis differentials, volatility factors and interest rates for a similar length of time as the derivative contract term, as applicable. these estimates are derived from or verified using relevant nymex futures contracts or are compared to multiple quotes obtained from counterparties for reasonableness. the determination of fair value also incorporates a credit adjustment for non-performance risk. we measure the non-performance risk of our counterparties by reviewing credit default swap spreads for the various financial institutions with which we have derivative transactions, while our non-performance risk is evaluated using a market credit spread provided by several of our banks.
our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity can be significantly impacted by changes in the market value of our derivative instruments due to volatility of commodity prices, including changes in both index prices (such as nymex and waha) and basis differentials.
income taxes we make certain estimates and judgments in determining our income tax expense for financial reporting purposes. these estimates and judgments include the calculation of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities that arise from differences in the timing and recognition of revenue and expenses for tax and financial reporting purposes and estimating reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that we have taken. we account for the uncertainty in income taxes using a recognition and measurement threshold for tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position is recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities based on technical merits of the position. the amount of the tax benefit recognized is the largest amount of the benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. the effective tax rate and the tax basis of assets and liabilities reflect management's estimates of the ultimate outcome of various tax uncertainties.
we believe all of our deferred tax assets, net of any valuation allowances, will ultimately be realized, taking into consideration our forecasted future taxable income, which includes consideration of future operating conditions specifically related to commodity prices. if our estimates and judgments change regarding our ability to realize our deferred tax assets, our tax provision could increase in the period it is determined that it is more likely than not it will not be realized.
our effective tax rate is subject to variability as a result of factors other than changes in federal and state tax rates and/or changes in tax laws which could affect us. our effective tax rate is affected by changes in the allocation of property, payroll and revenues among states in which we operate. a small change in our estimated future tax rate could have a material effect on current period earnings.
contingency reserves a provision for contingencies is charged to expense when the loss is probable and the cost is estimable. the establishment of a reserve is based on an estimation process that includes the advice of legal counsel and subjective judgment of management. in certain cases, our judgment is based on the advice and opinions of legal counsel and other advisors, the interpretation of laws and regulations, which can be interpreted differently by regulators and courts of law, our experience and the experiences of other companies dealing with similar matters, and our decision on how we intend to respond to a particular matter. actual losses can differ from estimates for various reasons, including those noted above. we monitor known and potential legal, environmental and other contingencies and make our best estimate based on the information we have. future changes in facts and circumstances not currently foreseeable could result in the actual liability exceeding the estimated ranges of loss and amounts accrued.
stock-based compensation we account for stock-based compensation under the fair value method of accounting in accordance with applicable accounting standards. under the fair value method, compensation cost is measured at the grant date for equity-classified awards and re-measured each reporting period for liability-classified awards based on the fair value of an award and is recognized over the service period, which is generally the vesting period. to calculate fair value, we use various models, including both a black scholes or a monte carlo valuation model, as determined by the specific provisions of the award. the use of these models requires significant judgment with respect to expected life, volatility and other factors.
results of operations
2022 and 2021 compared operating revenues year ended december 31,                                          variance
(in millions)                                    2022                            2021                    amount                 percent natural gas                               $5,469                          $2,798                    $2,671                      95    %
oil                                        3,016                             616                     2,400                     390    %
ngl                                          964                             243                       721                     297    %
loss on derivative instruments             (463)                           (221)                     (242)                     110    %
other                                         65                              13                        52                     400    %
$9,051                          $3,449                    $5,602                     162    %
production revenues our production revenues are derived from sales of our oil, natural gas and ngl production. our 2022 production revenues were substantially higher due to the merger, which significantly expanded our operations and related production to include the permian and anadarko basins. increases or decreases in our revenues, profitability and future production growth are highly dependent on the commodity prices we receive, which we expect to fluctuate due to supply and demand factors, and the availability of transportation, seasonality and geopolitical, economic and other factors.
natural gas revenues year ended december 31,               variance                               increase (decrease) (in millions)
2022                                                                  2021               amount                       percent volume variance (bcf)           1,024.3                              911.1                 113.2                      12   %                                     $348
price variance ($/mcf)            $5.34                         $3.07                    $2.27                        74   %                                            2,323
total                                                                                                                                                          $2,671
natural gas revenues increased $2.7 billion primarily due to significantly higher natural gas prices combined with higher production. the increase in production was primarily related to properties acquired in the merger, which significantly expanded our operations, partially offset by lower production related to the timing of our drilling and completion activities in the marcellus shale.
oil revenues year ended december 31,            variance                                 increase (decrease) (in millions)
2022                                                                    2021            amount                    percent volume variance (mmbbl)                 31.9                             8.1                      23.8            294%                                          $1,799
price variance ($/bbl)           $94.47                          $75.61                 $18.86                    25%            601
total                                                                                                                                                           $2,400
oil revenues increased $2.4 billion primarily due to our expanded operations and related production after the merger and higher oil prices.
ngl revenues year ended december 31,            variance                                 increase (decrease) (in millions)
2022                                                                    2021            amount                    percent volume variance (mmbbl)                 28.7                             7.1                      21.6   304                %                                     $738
price variance ($/bbl)           $33.58                          $34.18                 $(0.60)                   (2)       %                                     (17)
total                                                                                                                                                             $721
ngl revenues increased $721 million primarily due to our expanded operations and related production after the merger, partially offset by slightly lower ngl prices.
loss on derivative instruments net gains and losses on our derivative instruments are a function of fluctuations in the underlying commodity index prices as compared to the contracted prices and the monthly cash settlements (if any) of the derivative instruments. we have elected not to designate our derivatives as hedging instruments for accounting purposes and, therefore, we do not apply hedge accounting treatment to our derivative instruments. consequently, changes in the fair value of our derivative instruments and cash settlements are included as a component of operating revenues as either a net gain or loss on derivative instruments. cash settlements of our contracts are included in cash flows from operating activities in our statement of cash flows. the following table presents the components of "loss on derivative instruments" for the years indicated:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                      2022                            2021
cash paid on settlement of derivative instruments gas contracts                                               $(438)                          $(307)
oil contracts                                                (324)                           (124)
non-cash gain on derivative instruments gas contracts                                                  149                              99
oil contracts                                                  150                             111
$(463)                          $(221)
operating costs and expenses costs associated with producing oil and natural gas are substantial. among other factors, some of these costs vary with commodity prices, some trend with the volume and commodity mix of production, some are a function of the number of wells we own and operate, some depend on the prices charged by service companies, and some fluctuate based on a combination of the foregoing. our operating costs and expenses in 2022 were substantially higher due to the merger, which significantly expanded our operations to include the permian and anadarko basins. in addition, our costs for services, labor and supplies have recently increased due to increased demand for those items, inflation and supply chain disruptions.
the following table reflects our operating costs and expenses for the years indicated and a discussion of the operating costs and expenses follows.
year ended december 31,                                          variance                                     per boe
(in millions, except per boe)                             2022                            2021                    amount                 percent                  2022                  2021
operating expenses direct operations                                    $460                            $156                      $304                     195    %              $1.99                 $0.93
transportation, processing and gathering              955                             663                       292                      44    %               4.13                  3.97
taxes other than income                               366                              83                       283                     341    %               1.58                  0.50
exploration                                            29                              18                        11                      61    %               0.13                  0.11
depreciation, depletion and amortization            1,635                             693                       942                     136    %               7.07                  4.15
general and administrative                            396                             270                       126                      47    %               1.70                  1.62
$3,841                          $1,883                    $1,958                     104    %
direct operations direct operations generally consists of costs for labor, equipment, maintenance, saltwater disposal, compression, power, treating and miscellaneous other costs (collectively, "lease operating expense"). direct operations also includes well workover activity necessary to maintain production from existing wells. direct operations consisted of lease operating expense and workover expense as follows:
year ended december 31,                                                             per boe
(in millions, except per boe)               2022                          2021                variance                  2022                  2021
direct operations lease operating expense                $370                          $127                    $243                   $1.60                 $0.76
workover expense                              90                            29   61                                     0.39                  0.17
$460                          $156                    $304                   $1.99                 $0.93
lease operating and workover expense increased due to our expanded operations due to the merger.
transportation, processing and gathering transportation, processing and gathering costs principally consist of expenditures to prepare and transport production downstream from the wellhead, including gathering, fuel, and compression and processing costs, which are incurred to extract ngls from the raw natural gas stream. gathering costs also include costs associated with operating our gas gathering infrastructure, including operating and maintenance expenses. costs vary by operating area and will fluctuate with increases or decreases in production volumes, contractual fees, and changes in fuel and compression costs.
transportation, processing and gathering increased $292 million due to our expanded operations due to the merger.
taxes other than income taxes other than income consist of production (or severance) taxes, drilling impact fees, ad valorem taxes and other taxes. state and local taxing authorities assess these taxes, with production taxes being based on the volume or value of production, drilling impact fees being based on drilling activities and prevailing natural gas prices and ad valorem taxes being based on the value of properties. the following table presents taxes other than income for the years indicated:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                2022                          2021                variance taxes other than income production                                                              $282                           $57                    $225
drilling impact fees                                                      31                            22                       9
ad valorem                                                                53                             3                      50
other                                                                      -                             1                     (1)
$366                           $83                    $283
taxes other than income as a percentage of production revenue            3.9    %                      2.3    %
taxes other than income increased $283 million. production taxes represented the majority of our taxes other than income, which increased primarily due to higher production related to properties acquired in the merger and higher commodity prices. drilling impact fees increased primarily due to higher natural gas prices. ad valorem taxes increased primarily due to our expanded operations after the merger and higher property valuations.
50
depreciation, depletion and amortization dd&a expense consisted of the following for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,                                                             per boe
(in millions, except per boe)                          2022                          2021                variance                  2022                  2021
dd&amp;a expense depletion                                       $1,474                          $663                    $811                   $6.37                 $3.97
depreciation                                             91                            23                 68                       0.40                  0.13
amortization of undeveloped properties                   61                        1                      60                       0.26                  0.01
accretion of aro                                          9                             6                  3                       0.04                  0.04
$1,635                          $693                    $942                   $7.07                 $4.15
depletion of our producing properties is computed on a field basis using the unit-of-production method under the successful efforts method of accounting. the economic life of each producing property depends upon the estimated proved reserves for that property, which in turn depend upon the assumed realized sales price for future production. therefore, fluctuations in oil and gas prices will impact the level of proved developed and proved reserves used in the calculation. higher prices generally have the effect of increasing reserves, which reduces depletion expense. conversely, lower prices generally have the effect of decreasing reserves, which increases depletion expense. the cost of replacing production also impacts our depletion expense. in addition, changes in estimates of reserve quantities, estimates of operating and future development costs, reclassifications of properties from unproved to proved and impairments of oil and gas properties will also impact depletion expense. our depletion expense increased $811 million due to increased production and a higher depletion rate of $6.37 per boe for 2022, both of which are attributable to the value of the oil and gas properties acquired in the merger, compared to $3.97 per boe for 2021.
fixed assets consist primarily of gas gathering facilities, water infrastructure, buildings, vehicles, aircraft, furniture and fixtures and computer equipment and software. these items are recorded at cost and are depreciated on the straight-line method based on expected lives of the individual assets, which range from three to 30 years. also included in our depreciation expense is the depreciation of the right-of-use asset associated with our finance lease gathering system. the increase in depreciation expense during 2022 as compared to 2021 is primarily due to increased depreciation on our gathering and plant facilities acquired in the merger.
unproved properties are amortized based on our drilling experience and our expectation of converting our unproved leaseholds to proved properties. the rate of amortization depends on the timing and success of our exploration and development program. amortization of unproved properties increased $60 million due to the release of certain leaseholds during the period and the amortization of our unproved properties acquired in the merger. if development of unproved properties is deemed unsuccessful and the properties are abandoned or surrendered, the capitalized costs are expensed in the period the determination is made.
general and administrative general and administrative ("g&a") expense consists primarily of salaries and related benefits, stock-based compensation, office rent, legal and consulting fees, systems costs and other administrative costs incurred. a portion of our g&a expense is reported net of amounts reimbursed to us by working interest owners of the oil and gas properties we operate. the table below reflects our g&a expense for the periods identified:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                     2022                          2021                variance g&amp;a expense general and administrative expense           $241                          $107                    $134
stock-based compensation expense               86                            57        29
merger-related expense                              69                           106               (37)
$396                          $270                    $126
g&a expense, excluding stock-based compensation and merger-related expenses, increased $134 million primarily due to the merger, which significantly expanded our headcount and office-related expenses.
stock-based compensation expense will fluctuate based on the grant date fair value of awards, the number of awards, the requisite service period of the awards, estimated employee forfeitures, and the timing of the awards. stock-based compensation expense increased $29 million primarily due to the issuance of additional share awards as consideration in the merger, increased headcount, and the accelerated vesting of employee performance shares as described under "stock-based compensation" in note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k.
merger-related expenses decreased $37 million primarily due to $42 million of lower transaction-related costs associated with the merger, partially offset by an increase of $8 million of employee-related severance and termination benefits associated with the expected termination of certain employees, which is being accrued over the expected transition period.
interest expense, net the table below reflects our interest expense, net for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                  2022                          2021                variance interest expense, net interest expense                          $110                           $62                     $48
debt premium amortization                 (37)                          (10)                    (27)
debt issuance cost amortization              4                             3        1
other                                      (7)                             7                    (14)
$70                           $62                      $8
interest expense, net increased $8 million due to (i) an increase of $48 million in interest expense primarily related to incremental interest expense associated with the debt assumed in the merger of $2.2 billion, which was partially offset by lower interest due to the repayment of $100 million of our 3.65% weighted-average private placement senior notes, which matured in september 2021, the repayment of $37 million of our 6.51% weighted-average private placement senior notes and $87 million of our 5.58% weighted-average private placement senior notes in august 2022 and the redemption of $750 million of the 4.375% senior notes in september and october 2022; (ii) an increase of $27 million of debt premium amortization associated with the previously mentioned debt related to the merger and (iii) a decrease of $14 million of other interest expense primarily due to interest income earned from higher interest rates and higher cash balances subject to interest income during 2022.
gain on debt extinguishment in 2022, we paid down $874 million of our debt for $880 million and recognized a net gain on debt extinguishment of $28 million primarily due to the write-off of related debt premiums and debt issuance costs.
income tax expense year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                         2022                          2021                variance income tax expense current tax expense                                              $869                          $218                    $651
deferred tax expense                                              235                           126                     109
$1,104                          $344                    $760
combined federal and state effective income tax rate               21    %                       23    %
income tax expense increased $760 million due to higher pre-tax income in 2022 compared to 2021, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate. the effective tax rate was lower for 2022 compared to 2021 due to differences in the non-recurring discrete items recorded during 2022 versus 2021.
2021 and 2020 compared for information on the comparison of the results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, refer to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in the coterra energy inc. annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
