item 1a.    risk factors risks relating to operating our business we face substantial competition and expect that such competition will continue.
the gaming industry is highly competitive and competition is intense in most of the markets in which we operate. we compete with a variety of gaming operations, including land-based casinos, dockside casinos, riverboat casinos, casinos located on racing tracks and casinos located on native american reservations and other forms of legalized gaming such as video gaming terminals at bars, restaurants and truck stops and online gambling and sports betting. we also compete, to a lesser extent, with other forms of legalized gaming and entertainment such as bingo, pull tab games, card parlors, sportsbooks, fantasy sports websites, "cruise-to-nowhere" operations, pari-mutuel or telephonic betting on horse racing and dog racing, state-sponsored lotteries, jai-alai and, in the future, may compete with gaming at other venues. in addition, we compete more generally with other forms of entertainment for the discretionary spending of our customers. in some instances, particularly in the case of native american casinos, our competitors pay lower taxes or no taxes.
in recent years, many casino and online gaming operators, including us, have reinvested in existing jurisdictions to attract new customers or to gain market share, thereby increasing competition in those jurisdictions. in particular, we and other online betting and gaming operators have undertaken extensive marketing campaigns and made significant investments in customer acquisition through pricing and promotional policies. in addition, in response to changing trends, las vegas operators have focused on expanding their non-gaming offerings, including upgrades to hotel rooms, new food and beverage offerings, and new entertainment offerings. the expansion of online betting and gaming in new jurisdictions and the growth of the number of competitors in the online betting and gaming market, the expansion of existing casino entertainment properties, the increase in the number of properties, and the aggressive marketing strategies of many of our competitors have increased competition in many markets in which we operate, and this intense competition is expected to continue. these competitive pressures have and are expected to continue to adversely affect our financial performance.
our brick-and-mortar operations face increasing competition as a result of the expansion of legalized online gaming and betting, including our own online betting and gaming operations, in a number of the jurisdictions in which we operate. while we believe that we are well positioned to compete with new entrants to the betting and gaming market through our online betting and gaming offerings, the competitive dynamic is evolving and we cannot assure you that our results of operations will not be adversely impacted by the expansion of legalized online gaming and betting.
states that already have legalized casino gaming may further expand gaming, and other states that have not yet legalized gaming may do so in the future. we also compete with native american gaming operations in california and other jurisdictions where native american tribes operate large-scale gaming facilities or otherwise conduct gaming activities on native american lands, which we expect will continue to expand. further expansion of legalized casino gaming in jurisdictions in or near our markets or changes to gaming laws in states in which we have operations and in states near our operations could increase competition and could adversely affect our operations.
increased competition may require us to make substantial expenditures in marketing, customer development and capital projects to maintain and enhance the competitive positions of our online and brick and mortar operations to increase the attractiveness and add to the appeal of our facilities and product offerings. because a significant portion of our cash flow is required to pay obligations under our outstanding indebtedness and our lease obligations, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient funds to undertake, or that we will be able to obtain sufficient financing to fund, such expenditures. if we are unable to make such expenditures, our competitive position could be negatively affected.
our business is sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending as a result of downturns in the economy and other factors outside our control.
consumer demand for casino hotel and racetrack properties and online betting and gaming is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the associated impact on discretionary spending on leisure activities. changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general economic conditions, effects of declines in consumer confidence in the economy, the impact of high energy and food costs, rising interest rates, the increased cost of travel, decreased disposable consumer income and wealth, fears of war and future acts of terrorism, or widespread illnesses or epidemics, including covid-19, can have a material adverse effect on leisure and business travel, discretionary spending and other areas of economic behavior that directly impact the gaming and entertainment industries in general and could further reduce customer demand for the amenities and products that we offer. in addition, increases in gasoline prices, including increases prompted by global political and economic instabilities, can adversely affect our casino operations because most of our patrons travel to our properties by car or on airlines that may pass on increases in fuel costs to passengers in the form of higher ticket prices.
win rates (hold rates) for our casino operations depend on a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control, and participation in the sports betting industry exposes us to trading, liability management and pricing risks. we may experience lower than expected profitability and potentially significant losses as a result of factors beyond our control or a failure to accurately determine odds.
the gaming industry is characterized by an element of chance. accordingly, we employ theoretical win rates to estimate what a certain type of game, on average, will win or lose in the long run. in addition to the element of chance, win rates (hold percentages) are also affected by the spread of table limits and factors that are beyond our control, such as a player's skill, experience, and behavior, the mix of games played, the financial resources of players, the volume of bets placed, and the amount of time players spend gambling. as a result of the variability in these factors, the actual win rates at our casinos may differ from the theoretical win rates we have estimated and could result in the winnings of our gaming customers exceeding those anticipated. the variability of win rates (hold rates) also have the potential to negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
our fixed-odds betting products involve betting where winnings are paid on the basis of the amounts wagered and the odds quoted. odds are determined with the objective of providing an average return to the bookmaker over a large number of events. however, there can be significant variation in gross win percentage event-by-event and day-by-day. we have systems and controls that seek to reduce the risk of daily losses occurring on a gross-win basis, but there can be no assurance that these will be effective in reducing our exposure to this risk. as a result we may experience (and we have from time to time experienced) significant losses with respect to individual events or betting outcomes, in particular if large individual bets are placed on an event or betting outcome or series of events or betting outcomes. any significant losses on a gross-win basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, the odds that we offer in our sportsbook operations may occasionally contain an obvious error. examples of such errors are inverted lines between teams, or odds that are significantly different from the true odds of the outcome in a way that all reasonable persons would agree is an error. if regulatory restrictions do not permit us to void or re-set odds to correct odds on bets associated with large obvious errors in odds making, we could be subject to covering significant liabilities.
we rely on third parties to provide services that are essential to the operation of our online betting and gaming business, including, player account management, geolocation and identity verification, payment processing and sports data.
we rely on third parties to provide services that are essential to the operation of our online betting and gaming business, including player account management, geolocation and identity verification systems to ensure we comply with laws and regulations, processing deposits and withdrawals made by our online users and providing information regarding schedules, results, performance and outcomes of sporting events to determine when and how bets are settled. the software, systems and services provided by our third-party providers may not meet our expectations, contain errors or weaknesses, be compromised or experience outages. a failure of such third-party systems to perform effectively, or any service interruption to those systems, could adversely affect our business by preventing users from accessing our online platform, delaying payment or resulting in errors in settling bets, which could give rise to regulatory issues relating to the operation of our business. by way of example, incorrect or misleading geolocation and identity verification data with respect to current or potential users received from third-party service providers may result in us inadvertently allowing access to our offerings to individuals who are not permitted to access them or otherwise inadvertently denying access to individuals who are permitted to access them, and errors or failures by our payment processors and sports data providers could result in a failure in timely and accurately process payments to and from users or errors in settling bets. any such errors or failures could result in violations of applicable regulatory requirements and adversely affect our reputation and our ability to attract and retain our online users. furthermore, negative publicity related to any of our third-party partners could adversely affect our reputation and brand, and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure.
in addition, if any of our third-party services providers terminates its relationship with us, is unable to maintain necessary regulatory approvals, or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we would have to find alternate service providers. we cannot be certain that we would be able to secure favorable terms from alternative service providers that are critical to the operation of our business or enter into alternative arrangements in a timely manner. our digital business, results of operations and prospects would be adversely impacted by our inability or delay in securing replacement services that are sufficient to support our online business or are on comparable terms.
the growth of our digital business will depend, in part, on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties.
we rely on relationships with sports leagues and teams, media companies and other third parties in order to attract users to our offerings. in 2019 we entered into an exclusive sports entertainment partnership with the nfl, making us the first ever "official casino sponsor" in the history of the league and in 2020, we partnered with espn to integrate their digital platforms with our sportsbooks. these relationships, along with providers of online services, search engines, social media, directories and other websites and e-commerce businesses direct consumers to our offerings. while we believe there are other third parties that could drive users to our online offerings, adding or transitioning to them may disrupt our business and increase our costs, and may require us to modify, limit or discontinue certain offerings. furthermore, sports leagues, teams and venues may enter into exclusive partnerships with our competitors which could adversely affect our ability to offer certain types of wagers. in the event that any of our existing relationships or our future relationships fail to provide services to us in accordance with the terms of our arrangement, or at all, and we are not able to find suitable alternatives, our ability to cost effectively attract consumers could be impacted and our online betting and gaming business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected.
the growth of our digital business will require investments in our online offerings, technology and strategic marketing initiatives, which could be costly and negatively impact the economics of our online business.
the online betting and gaming industry is subject to rapid and frequent changes in standards, technologies, products and service offerings, as well as in customer demands and preferences and regulations, which will require us to continually introduce and successfully implement new and innovative technologies, marketing strategies, product offerings and enhancements to remain competitive and effectively stimulate customer demand, acceptance and engagement. the process of developing new online offerings and systems is inherently complex and uncertain, and new offerings may not be well received by users, even if they are well-reviewed and of high quality. developing new offerings and marketing strategies can also divert our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. new online offerings that attain market acceptance and aggressive marketing strategies implemented in the competitive online market environment could impact the mix of our existing business, including our casino business, or the share of our patron's wallets in a manner that could negatively impact our results of operations. in addition, online betting and gaming operates in a competitive environment that requires significant investment in marketing initiatives, including free play and use of a variety of free and paid marketing channels, including television, radio, social media platforms, such as facebook, instagram, twitter, and other digital channels. we cannot be sure that our investments in technology, products, service offerings and marketing initiatives will be successful or generate the return on investment that we expect. if new or existing competitors offer more attractive offerings or engage in marketing initiatives that are better received by customers, we may lose users or users may decrease their spending on our offerings. further, new customer demands, superior competitive offerings, new industry standards or changes in the regulatory environment could render our offerings unattractive, unmarketable or obsolete and require us to make substantial unanticipated changes to our technology or business model. failure to adapt to a rapidly changing market or evolving customer demands, and costs required to be incurred to react to dynamic market conditions, could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
we face the risk of fraud, theft, and cheating.
we face the risk that gaming customers may attempt or commit fraud or theft or cheat in order to increase winnings. such acts of fraud, theft, or cheating could involve the use of counterfeit chips or other tactics, possibly in collusion with our employees. internal acts of cheating could also be conducted by employees through collusion with dealers, surveillance staff, floor managers, or other casino or gaming area staff. additionally, we also face the risk that customers may attempt or commit fraud or theft with respect to our non-gaming offerings or against other customers. such risks include stolen credit or charge cards or cash, falsified checks, theft of retail inventory and purchased goods, and unpaid or counterfeit receipts. failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in losses in our operations. negative publicity related to such acts or schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation, potentially causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
we extend credit to a portion of our customers, and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit customers.
we conduct our gaming activities on a credit and cash basis. any such credit we extend is unsecured. high-stakes players typically are extended more credit than customers who tend to wager lower amounts. high-end gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a significant positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular period. we extend credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. these large receivables could have a significant impact on our results of operations if deemed uncollectible. gaming debts evidenced by a credit instrument, including what is commonly referred to as a "marker," and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of the jurisdictions in which we allow play on a credit basis, and judgments on gaming debts in such jurisdictions are enforceable in all u.s. states under the full faith and credit clause of the u.s. constitution; however, other jurisdictions may determine that enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the u.s. of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from u.s. courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations.
in addition, the chinese government has taken steps to prohibit the transfer of cash for the payment of gaming debts. these developments may have the effect of reducing the collectability of gaming debts of players from china. it is unclear whether these and other measures will continue to be in effect or become more restrictive in the future. these and any future foreign currency control policy developments that may be implemented by foreign jurisdictions could significantly impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the outbreak of covid-19 and covid-19 related impacts have had, and are expected to continue to have, a significant impact on our operations and results of operations.
covid-19 and mitigation measures recommended or required by public health officials to slow the spread of covid-19 had a material adverse effect on our operations. all of our casino properties were temporarily closed for several weeks during 2020 due to orders issued by various government agencies and tribal bodies. following re-opening of our properties, our operations were affected by social distancing measures, including reduced gaming operations, limitations on number of customers present in our facilities, restrictions on hotel, food and beverage outlets and limits on events that would otherwise attract customers to our properties. while restrictions on our operations were eased in 2021 and we experienced positive operating trends, we continue to see prolonged impacts of covid-19 on the economy, our industry and the company, with increased challenges arising from labor shortages, supply chain challenges, increasing costs of goods and services, inflation and rising interest rates, among other impacts. the extent and duration of the impacts of covid-19 on our business is difficult to predict and such impacts may intensify.
acts of terrorism, war, natural disasters, severe weather, and political, economic and military conditions may impede our ability to operate or may negatively impact our financial results.
terrorist attacks and other acts of war or hostility have created many economic and political uncertainties. for example, a substantial number of the customers of our properties in las vegas use air travel. as a result of terrorist acts that occurred on september 11, 2001, domestic and international travel was severely disrupted, which resulted in a decrease in customer visits to our properties in las vegas. visitation to las vegas also declined for a period of time following the mass shooting tragedy on october 1, 2017. we cannot predict the extent to which disruptions in air or other forms of travel as a result of any further terrorist act, security alerts or war, uprisings, or hostilities in places such as iraq, afghanistan, ukraine, and/or syria or other countries throughout the world, and governmental responses to those acts or hostilities, will directly or indirectly impact our business and operating results. for example, a third party that is responsible for our player account management has employees in ukraine and negative developments in ukraine could negatively impact our digital business. as a consequence of the threat of terrorist attacks and other acts of war or hostility in the future, premiums for a variety of insurance products have increased, and some types of insurance are no longer available. if any such event were to affect our properties, we would likely be adversely affected.
in addition, natural and man-made disasters such as major fires, floods, severe snowstorms, hurricanes, earthquakes, and oil spills could also adversely impact our business and operating results. such events could lead to the loss of use of one or more of our properties for an extended period of time and disrupt our ability to attract customers to certain of our gaming facilities. for example, our property in lake charles, louisiana was closed in august 2020 until december 2022 due to damage resulting from hurricane laura. inadequate insurance or lack of available insurance for these and other certain types or levels of risk could expose us to significant losses in the event that a catastrophe occurred for which we are underinsured. in most cases, we have insurance that covers portions of any losses from a natural disaster, but it is subject to deductibles and maximum payouts in many cases. although we may be covered by insurance from a natural disaster, the timing of our receipt of insurance proceeds, if any, may be out of our control. in some cases, however, we may receive no proceeds from insurance. further, if properties subject to our leases with vici and glpi are impacted by a casualty event, such leases require us to repair or restore the affected properties even if the cost of such repair or restoration exceeds the insurance proceeds that we receive. under such circumstances, the rent under such leases is required to be paid during the period of repair or restoration even if all or a portion of the affected property is not operating. in addition to the damage caused to our properties by a casualty loss, we may suffer business disruption as a result of the casualty event or be subject to claims by third parties that may be injured or harmed. while we carry general liability insurance and business interruption insurance, there can be no assurance that insurance will be available or adequate to cover all loss and damage to which our business or our assets might be subjected and the timing and receipt of insurance proceeds, if any, may be out of our control.
increased scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, consumers, employees, regulators, and others regarding our environmental, social and governance practices and reporting could cause us to incur additional costs, devote additional resources and expose us to additional risks, which could adversely impact our reputation, customer attraction and retention, access to capital and employee recruitment and retention. increased scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, consumers, employees, regulators, and others regarding our environmental, social and governance practices and reporting could cause us to incur additional costs, devote additional resources and expose us to additional risks, which could adversely impact our reputation, customer attraction and retention, access to capital and employee recruitment and retention.
increased scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, consumers, employees, regulators, and others regarding our environmental, social and governance practices and reporting could cause us to incur additional costs, devote additional resources and expose us to additional risks, which could adversely impact our reputation, customer attraction and retention, access to capital and employee recruitment and retention.
companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny related to their environmental, social and governance ("esg") practices and reporting. investors, consumers, employees and other stakeholders have focused increasingly on esg practices and placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments, purchases and other interactions with companies. with this increased focus, public reporting regarding esg practices is becoming more broadly expected. if our esg practices and reporting do not meet investor, consumer or employee expectations, which continue to evolve, our brand, reputation and customer retention may be negatively impacted.
our ability to achieve any esg objective is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. examples of such risks include:
● the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources;
● the evolving regulatory requirements affecting esg standards or disclosures;
● the availability of suppliers that can meet sustainability, diversity and other esg standards that we may set;
● our ability to recruit, develop and retain diverse talent in our labor markets; and
● the success of our organic growth and acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or operations.
if we fail, or are perceived to be failing, to meet the standards included in any sustainability disclosure or the expectations of our various stakeholders, it could negatively impact our reputation, customer attraction and retention, access to capital and employee retention. in addition, new sustainability rules and regulations have been adopted and may continue to be introduced. our failure to comply with any applicable rules or regulations could lead to penalties and adversely impact our reputation, customer attraction and retention, access to capital and employee retention.
our business may be subject to fluctuations due to seasonality and other factors that could result in volatility and have an adverse effect on our operating results.
our business may fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors. our casino business is impacted by weather conditions that may deter or prevent customers from reaching the facilities or undertaking trips, which would particularly affect customers who are traveling longer distances to visit our properties. our casino business can also fluctuate due to specific holidays or other significant events, particularly when the holiday falls in a different quarter than the prior year, the world series of poker tournament (with respect to our las vegas properties), city-wide conventions, a large sporting event or a concert, or visits by our premium players. our sportsbook business may also be impacted by availability or scheduling of major sporting events or the cancellation or postponement of sporting events or races, including lockouts, strikes or similar disruptions. seasonality, holiday, or other significant events may affect our digital operations, properties or regions differently. these factors, among other things, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results, cause volatility in the trading price of our stock and impact our cash flow from quarter to quarter.
our business is particularly sensitive to energy or water prices and a rise in energy prices could harm our operating results.
we are a large consumer of electricity and other energy and, therefore, higher energy prices may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. accordingly, increases in energy costs may have a negative impact on our operating results. additionally, higher electricity and gasoline prices that affect our customers may result in reduced visitation to our resorts and a reduction in our revenues. further, our operations or the operations of our critical supplies could be negatively impacted by the duration of drought conditions, or other cause of water stress or shortages, such as those experienced in the southwest united states, or other areas in which we operate. we may be indirectly impacted by regulatory requirements aimed at reducing the impacts of climate change directed at up-stream utility providers, as we could experience potentially higher utility, fuel, and transportation costs.
any deterioration in our reputation or the reputation of our brands could adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
our business is dependent on the quality and reputation of our company and brands. events beyond our control could affect the reputation of one or more of our properties, including our digital operations, or more generally impact our corporate or brand image. other factors that could influence our reputation include the quality of the services we offer and our actions with regard to social issues such as diversity, human rights and support for local communities. broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us, our brands or our properties. it may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. negative events and publicity could quickly and materially damage perceptions of us, our brands or our properties, which, in turn, could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations through loss of customers, loss of business opportunities, lack of acceptance of our company to operate in host communities, employee retention or recruiting difficulties or other difficulties.
risks relating to information systems and technology compromises of our information systems or unauthorized access to confidential information or our customers' personal information could materially harm our reputation and business.
we collect and store confidential, personal information relating to our customers for various business purposes, including marketing and financial purposes, and credit card information for processing payments. for example, we handle, collect and store personal information in connection with our customers staying at our hotels and enrolling in caesars rewards. we may share this personal and confidential information with vendors or other third parties in connection with processing of transactions, operating certain aspects of our business, or for marketing purposes. our collection and use of personal data are governed by state and federal privacy laws and regulations as well as the applicable laws and regulations in other countries in which we operate. privacy law is subject to frequent changes and varies significantly by jurisdiction. we may incur significant costs in order to ensure compliance with the various applicable privacy requirements. in addition, privacy laws and regulations may limit our ability to market to our customers.
we assess and monitor the security of collection, storage, and transmission of customer information on an ongoing basis. we utilize commercially available software and technologies to monitor, assess and secure our network. further, some of the systems currently used for transmission and approval of payment card transactions and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, all of which can put payment card data at risk, are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, and other such systems are determined and controlled by us. although we have taken steps designed to safeguard our customers' confidential personal information and important internal company data, our network and other systems and those of third parties, such as service providers, could be compromised, damaged, or disrupted by a third-party breach of our system security or that of a third-party provider or as a result of purposeful or accidental actions of third parties, our employees, or those employees of a third party, power outages, computer viruses, system failures, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events. our third-party information system service providers face risks relating to cybersecurity similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security operations. advances in computer and software capabilities, encryption technology, new tools, and other developments may increase the risk of a security breach. as a result of any security breach, customer information or other proprietary data may be accessed or transmitted by or to a third party. despite the measures we have implemented to safeguard our information, there can be no assurance that we are adequately protecting our information.
any loss, disclosure of, misappropriation of, or access to customers' or other proprietary information or other breach of our information security could result in legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, or liability for failure to comply with privacy and information security laws, including for failure to protect personal information or for misusing personal information, which could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and expose us to claims from customers, financial institutions, regulators, payment card associations, employees, and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow.
we have cybersecurity insurance to respond to a breach which is designed to cover expenses around notification, credit monitoring, investigation, crisis management, public relations and legal advice. we also carry other insurance which may cover ancillary aspects of the event; however, damage and claims arising from a breach may not be completely covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available.
our operations, and particularly our digital betting and gaming operations, are reliant on information technology and other systems and services, and any failures, errors, defects or disruptions in our systems or services could adversely affect our operations.
our technology infrastructure is critical to the performance of our digital betting and gaming operations and to user satisfaction and we rely significantly on our computer systems and software to receive and properly process internal and external data, including data related to caesars rewards. we devote significant resources to our technology infrastructure, but our systems may not be adequate to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our online business. in addition, we cannot assure you that the measures we take to prevent cyber-attacks and protect our systems, data and user information and to prevent outages, data or information loss, fraud and to prevent or detect security breaches will be sufficient to ensure uninterrupted operation of our digital platform and provide absolute security. we have experienced, and we may in the future experience, website disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors and capacity constraints. disruptions from unauthorized access to, fraudulent manipulation of, or tampering with our computer systems and technological infrastructure, or those of third parties that provide support to our operations, could result in a wide range of negative outcomes, each of which could materially adversely affect the operation of our online business and our financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
additionally, our computer systems and software may fail or may contain errors, bugs, flaws or corrupted data, and these defects may only become apparent after the launch of our online products. these types of issues could disrupt our operations or render a product unavailable when users attempt to access it or cause access to our offerings to be slower than our users expect. inaccessibility or slow access to our products could make users less likely to return to our digital platform as often, if at all, or to recommend our offerings to other potential users, which could harm our brand perception, cause our users to stop utilizing our online offerings, divert our resources and delay market acceptance of our online offerings.
we expect that we will continue to expand our online betting and gaming offerings as our user base grows and we enter into new markets, which will require an enhancement of our technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to support the growth of our digital business and to satisfy our users' needs. such infrastructure expansion may be complex and costly, and unanticipated delays in completing these projects or availability of components may lead to increased project costs, operational inefficiencies, or interruptions in the delivery or degradation of the quality of our offerings. in addition, there may be issues related to our online infrastructure that are not identified during the testing phases of design and implementation and become evident after we have started to fully use the underlying equipment or software, which could impact the user experience or increase our costs. an inability to effectively scale our technical infrastructure to accommodate increased demands could adversely impact our ability to grow our digital betting and gaming business.
our online business is dependent on the internet and we rely on amazon web services and other third-party technology, platforms and services to deliver our offerings to users.
a substantial portion of the infrastructure that is required to enable users to access our digital betting and gaming offerings is provided by third parties, including internet service providers and other technology-based service providers. in particular, we currently host our online betting and gaming offerings and support our operations using amazon web services ("aws") and other third-party technology, platforms and services. our third-party providers may experience service interruptions, delays, outages or damage, including due to capacity constraints, an event causing an unusually high volume of internet use (such as a pandemic or public health emergency), infrastructure changes or upgrades (such as 5g or 6g services), human or software errors, website hosting disruptions, natural disasters, cybersecurity attacks, terrorist attacks, power outages and similar events or acts of misconduct. we exercise little control over our third-party providers and any difficulties that these providers experience, including the potential of certain network traffic receiving priority over other traffic (i.e., lack of net neutrality), may adversely affect our business. because our ability to provide our users with continuing and uninterrupted access to our platform is critical to the success of our digital business, we use our best efforts to ensure that our facilities and infrastructure and the facilities and infrastructure of our third-party providers support our current and expected operations and are designed to mitigate the impacts of system malfunctions. nevertheless, there can be no guarantee that such systems will be able to meet the demand of our current and future digital business, the overall online betting and gaming industry and the growth of the internet. furthermore, if we do not maintain business relationships with our third-party providers, and in particular, aws, we may not be able to secure required third-party services on terms that are acceptable to us or on an acceptable time frame. any of these risks could result in a loss of revenue and cause us to incur unexpected costs that could be significant, which could have a material adverse effect on our online business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
our online business model depends upon the continued compatibility between our apps and the major mobile operating systems and upon third-party platforms for the distribution of our product offerings, which depend on factors beyond our control such as the design of third-party operating systems and continued access to our apps on third-party distribution platforms like the apple app store.
our digital business is dependent on the interoperability of our technology with popular mobile operating systems, technologies, networks and standards as our users access our online betting and gaming product offerings primarily on mobile devices. as a result, our business model depends upon the continued compatibility between our app and the major mobile operating systems, such as the android and ios operating systems, and we rely upon third-party platforms for distribution of our product offerings. we do not have formal or informal relationships with parties that control design of mobile devices and operating systems and there is no guarantee that popular mobile devices will start or continue to support or feature our product offerings. any changes, bugs, technical or regulatory issues in such operating systems, our relationships with mobile manufacturers and carriers, or in their terms of service or policies that degrade our offerings' functionality, reduce or eliminate our ability to distribute our offerings, give preferential treatment to competitive products, limit our ability to deliver high quality offerings, or impose fees or other charges related to delivering our offerings, could adversely affect our product usage and monetization on mobile devices. in addition, if any of the third-party platforms used for distribution of our product offerings were to limit or disable the availability of our app or advertising on their platforms, our ability to generate revenue could be harmed. these changes could materially impact the way we do business, and if we are unable to adjust to those changes quickly and effectively, there could be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
risks related to human capital we rely on our key personnel and we may face difficulties in attracting and retaining qualified employees for our casinos and race tracks.
our future success will depend upon, among other things, our ability to keep our senior executives and highly qualified employees. the operation of our business requires, qualified executives, managers and skilled employees with gaming and horse racing industry experience and qualifications who are able to obtain the requisite licenses and approval from the applicable gaming authorities. we compete with other potential employers for employees, and we may not succeed in hiring or retaining the executives and other employees that we need. a sudden loss of or inability to replace key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. moreover, there has from time to time been a shortage of skilled labor in our markets and the continued expansion of gaming near our facilities, including the expansion of native american gaming and internet betting and gaming, may make it more difficult for us to attract qualified candidates. while we believe that we will continue to be able to attract and retain qualified employees, shortages of skilled labor will make it increasingly difficult and expensive to attract and retain the services of a satisfactory number of qualified employees, and we may incur higher costs than expected as a result.
work stoppages and other labor problems could negatively impact our future profits.
as of december 31, 2022, we had collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 21,000 employees. a lengthy strike or other work stoppages at any of our casino properties could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
from time to time, we have also experienced attempts by labor organizations to organize certain of our non-union employees. these efforts have achieved some success to date. we cannot provide any assurance that we will not experience additional and successful union activity in the future. the impact of this union activity is undetermined and could negatively impact our results of operations.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our performers and other entertainment offerings on acceptable terms or at all.
historically, our performers have drawn customers to our properties and have been a significant source of our revenue. we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our performers or other shows on acceptable terms or at all. in addition, the third parties that we depend on for our properties' entertainment offerings may become incapable or unwilling to provide their services at the level agreed upon or at all. disruptions in the performance schedule can leave us without entertainment offerings, which could negatively impact our business.
risks relating to our capital structure our substantial indebtedness and the fact that a significant portion of our cash flow is used to make interest payments and rent payments under our debt and lease agreements could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent us from making debt service payments and rent payments.
as of december 31, 2022 we had $13.1 billion of outstanding indebtedness, in addition to leases with vici and glpi that require an annual rent payment of $1.3 billion in 2023 and are subject to annual escalation, including annual escalations based on the cpi. see note 10 for a description of our obligations under our leases with vici and glpi and note 12 for details regarding our debt outstanding and related restrictive covenants. as a result, a significant portion of our cash flow is applied to make interest payments with respect to our outstanding debt and payments under our leases. these financial obligations may have important negative consequences for us, including:
•limiting our ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business because we must dedicate a significant portion of these funds to make payments on our debt and lease obligations;
•limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate;
•placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors with debt and rent obligations that are less than ours;
•increasing our vulnerability to, and limiting our ability to react to, changing market conditions, covid-19 and other public health emergencies, changes in our industry and economic downturns;
•limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service, acquisitions, general corporate or other obligations;
•subjecting us to a number of restrictive covenants that, among other things, require us to make capital expenditures and limit our ability to pay dividends and distributions, make acquisitions and dispositions, borrow additional funds and make other investments;
•exposing us to interest rate risk due to the variable interest rate on borrowings under our credit facilities; and
•affecting our ability to renew gaming and other licenses necessary to conduct our business.
our ability to service our current and future levels of indebtedness will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions, including the interest rate environment and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.
there is no assurance that we will generate cash flow from operations or that future debt or equity financings will be available to us to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund other needs and we may be forced to take actions such as reducing or delaying business activities, acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing debt, reducing or discontinuing dividends we may pay in the future, or seeking additional equity capital. these actions may not be effected on satisfactory terms, or at all. any inability to generate sufficient cash flow or refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. while we expect to refinance or replace our debt facilities when they mature, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain financing on commercially reasonable terms.
despite our current indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may still incur significant additional indebtedness. incurring more indebtedness could increase the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness.
we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness, including additional secured indebtedness, and may enter into financing obligations similar to our leases with vici and glpi in the future. as of december 31, 2022, we had $2.2 billion of borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility, before consideration of $82 million in outstanding letters of credit and $48 million committed for regulatory purposes under our cei revolving credit facility. further, our existing debt agreements currently permit, and we expect that agreements governing debt that we incur in the future will permit, us to incur certain other additional secured and unsecured debt. further, we may incur other liabilities that do not constitute indebtedness. the risks that we face based on our outstanding indebtedness may intensify if we incur additional indebtedness or financing obligations in the future.
our variable rate indebtedness exposes us to interest rate volatility, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly.
borrowings under certain of our facilities are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate volatility. if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on certain of our variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same. in addition, at the end of 2021, the administrator for london interbank offered rate ("libor") ceased publishing one-week and two-month u.s. dollar libor and will cease publishing all remaining u.s. dollar libor tenors in mid-2023. concurrently, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority announced the cessation or loss of representativeness of the u.s. dollar libor tenors from those dates. while we continue to monitor market developments to assess replacement rate options, the consequences of these developments with respect to libor cannot be entirely predicted and may result in the level of interest payments on the portion of our indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates to be affected, which may adversely impact the amount of our interest payments under such debt.
a significant portion of our casinos are located on leased property. if we default on one or more leases, the applicable lessors could terminate the affected leases and we could lose possession of the affected casino.
we currently lease certain parcels of land on which a significant portion of our properties are located. as a ground lessee, we have the right to use the leased land; however, we do not hold fee ownership of the underlying land. accordingly, we have no interest in the leased land or improvements thereon at the expiration of the ground leases. if our use of the land underlying our casino properties is disrupted permanently or for a significant period of time, then the value of our assets could be impaired and our business and operations could be adversely affected. our leases provide that they may be terminated for a number of reasons, including failure to pay rent, taxes or other payment obligations or the breach of other covenants contained in the leases. in particular, our leases with vici and glpi require annual rent payments of $1.3 billion in 2023, which is subject to escalation annually, and obligate us to make specified minimum capital expenditures with respect to the leased properties. if our business and properties fail to generate sufficient earnings, the payments required to service the rent obligations under our leases with vici and glpi could materially and adversely limit our ability to react to changes in our business and make acquisitions and investments in our properties. if we were to default on any one or more of these leases, the applicable lessors could terminate the affected leases and we could lose possession of the affected land and any improvements on the land, including the hotels and casinos. a termination of our ground leases or our leases with glpi or vici could result in a default under our debt agreements and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. further, in the event that any lessor of our leased properties, including glpi or vici, encounters financial, operational, regulatory or other challenges, there can be no assurance that such lessor will be able to comply with its obligations under the applicable lease.
certain of our leases, including our leases with vici and glpi, are "triple-net" leases. accordingly, in addition to rent, we are required to pay, among other things, the following: (1) lease payments to the underlying ground lessor for properties that are subject to ground leases; (2) facility maintenance costs; (3) all insurance premiums for insurance with respect to the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties; (4) taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties (other than taxes on the income of the lessor); and (5) all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties. we are responsible for incurring the costs described in the preceding sentence notwithstanding the fact that many of the benefits received in exchange for such costs shall in part accrue to the lessor as the owner of the associated facilities. in addition, we remain obligated for lease payments and other obligations under our leases with vici and glpi and other ground leases even if one or more of such leased facilities is unprofitable or if we decide to withdraw from those locations. we could incur special charges relating to the closing of such facilities including lease termination costs, impairment charges and other special charges that would reduce our net income and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to extensive governmental regulation, taxation policies and licensing, and gaming authorities have significant control over our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
licensing requirements. the ownership and operation of casino gaming, online betting and gaming, riverboat and horse racing facilities are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation, and regulatory authorities at local, state and national levels have broad powers with respect to the licensing of gaming businesses. we currently hold all state and local licenses and related approvals necessary to conduct our present gaming operations, but we must periodically apply to renew many of our licenses and registrations. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such renewals. any failure to maintain or renew our existing licenses, registrations, permits or approvals would have a material adverse effect on us. in addition, we are required to provide information relating to our operations to various gaming regulatory agencies. a failure to provide accurate information could result in the imposition of fines or other penalties by the relevant regulatory authority. furthermore, if additional laws or regulations are adopted or existing laws or regulations are amended or interpreted differently, these regulations could impose additional restrictions or costs that could have a significant adverse effect on us.
gaming authorities with jurisdiction over our operations may, in their discretion, require the holder of any securities issued by us to file applications, be investigated, and be found suitable to own our securities, and, if a holder is found unsuitable, we can be sanctioned, including the loss of approvals that are required for us to continue our gaming operations in the relevant jurisdictions, if such unsuitable person does not timely sell our securities. our officers, directors and key employees are also subject to similar findings of unsuitability and the gaming authorities may require us to terminate the employment of any person who refuses to file appropriate applications. see "item 1 - gaming licenses and governmental regulations" and exhibit 99.1 for further description of the regulations to which we are subject. we may be required under applicable gaming laws and regulations to obtain approval of applicable gaming authorities to issue securities, incur debt and undertake other financing activities and our financing counterparties, including lenders, might be subject to various licensing and related approval procedures in the various jurisdictions in which we operate gaming facilities.
compliance with other laws. we are also subject to a variety of other federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and ordinances that apply to non-gaming businesses, including restrictions enacted in response to covd-19, zoning, environmental, construction and land-use laws and regulations governing smoking and the serving of alcoholic beverages. our operations have been adversely impacted by regulations enacted to limit the spread of covid-19. in addition, legislation in various forms to ban indoor tobacco smoking has been enacted or introduced in many states and local jurisdictions, including several of the jurisdictions in which we operate. if additional restrictions are enacted in our jurisdictions, we could experience a significant decrease in gaming revenue and operating results at our properties and, particularly if such restrictions are not applicable to all competitive facilities in that gaming market, our business could be materially adversely affected. the likelihood or outcome of similar legislation in other jurisdictions and referendums in the future cannot be predicted, though any additional limitations on our operations would be expected to negatively impact our financial performance.
regulations adopted by fincen require us to report currency transactions in excess of $10,000 occurring within a gaming day. u.s. treasury department regulations also require us to report certain suspicious activity, including any transaction that exceeds $5,000, if we know, suspect or have reason to believe that the transaction involves funds from illegal activity or is designed to evade federal regulations or reporting requirements. substantial penalties can be imposed if we fail to comply with these regulations. fincen has recently increased its focus on gaming companies.
we are required to report certain customer's gambling winnings via form w-2g to comply with current internal revenue service regulations. should these regulations change, we would expect to incur additional costs to comply with the revised reporting requirements.
taxation and fees. in addition, gaming companies are generally subject to significant revenue-based taxes and fees in addition to normal federal, state and local income taxes, and such taxes and fees are subject to increase at any time. we pay substantial taxes and fees with respect to our operations. tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied, affecting the gaming industry. the large number of state and local governments with significant current or projected budget deficits makes it more likely that those governments that currently permit gaming will seek to fund such deficits with new or increased gaming taxes and/or property taxes and worsening economic conditions could intensify those efforts. any material increase, or the adoption of additional taxes or fees, could have a material adverse effect on our future financial results.
the growth of our online betting and gaming business will depend on expansion of online betting and gaming into new jurisdictions and our ability to obtain required licenses.
our ability to achieve growth in our online betting and gaming business will depend, in large part, upon expansion of online betting and gaming into new jurisdictions, the terms of regulations relating to online betting and gaming and our ability to obtain required licenses. following the 2018 decision of the u.s. supreme court to overturn the federal ban on sports betting, a number of jurisdictions have legalized sports betting and online gaming and we expect that additional jurisdictions may do so in the future. our ability to further expand our sports betting and online operations is dependent on the adoption of regulations permitting such activities. however, the expansion of betting and online gaming in new jurisdictions is dependent on a number of factors that are beyond our control and there can be no assurances of when, or if, such regulations will be adopted or the terms of such regulations, including restrictions, tax rates and license fees and availability of such licenses to casino owners exclusively or at all.
we may not be able to protect the intellectual property rights we own or may be prevented from using intellectual property necessary for our business.
the development of intellectual property is part of our overall business strategy, and we regard our intellectual property to be an important element of our success. we rely primarily on trade secret, trademark, domain name, copyright, and contract law to protect the intellectual property and proprietary technology we own. we also actively pursue business opportunities in the united states and in international jurisdictions involving the licensing of our trademarks to third parties. it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property or proprietary technology without authorization or otherwise infringe on our rights. for example, while we have a policy of entering into confidentiality, intellectual property invention assignment, and/or non-competition and non-solicitation agreements or restrictions with our employees, independent contractors, and business partners, such agreements may not provide adequate protection or may be breached, or our proprietary technology may otherwise become available to or be independently developed by our competitors. in addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect proprietary rights or intellectual property to as great an extent as do the laws of the united states. despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, the unauthorized use or reproduction of our trademarks could diminish the value of our trademarks and our market acceptance, competitive advantages, or goodwill, which could adversely affect our business.
our technology contains software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under "open source" licenses. use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. in addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our technology and, under certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. this would allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages.
third parties have alleged and may in the future allege that we are infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. third parties may initiate litigation against us without warning or may send us letters or other communications that make allegations without initiating litigation. we may elect not to respond to these letters or other communications if we believe they are without merit, or we may attempt to resolve these disputes out of court by negotiating a license, but in either case it is possible that such disputes will ultimately result in litigation. any such claims could interfere with our ability to use technology or intellectual property that is material to the operation of our business. such claims may be made by competitors seeking to obtain a competitive advantage or by other parties, such as entities that purchase intellectual property assets for the purpose of bringing infringement claims. we also periodically employ individuals who were previously employed by our competitors or potential competitors, and we may therefore be subject to claims that such employees have used or disclosed the alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers.
we may have to rely on litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or defend against claims of infringement or invalidity, including with respect to technology that we believe to be "open source". any such litigation could result in substantial costs and the diversion of resources and the attention of management. if unsuccessful, such litigation could result in the loss of important intellectual property rights, require us to pay substantial damages, subject us to injunctions that prevent us from using certain intellectual property, require us to make admissions that affect our reputation in the marketplace, or require us to enter into license agreements that may not be available on favorable terms, re-engineer our technology or discontinue or delay the provision of our offerings. finally, even if we prevail in any litigation, the remedy may not be commercially meaningful or fully compensate us for the harm we suffer or the costs we incur. any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on licenses to use the intellectual property rights of third parties which are incorporated into our products and services. failure to renew or expand existing licenses may require us to modify, limit or discontinue certain offerings.
we rely on products, technologies and intellectual property that we license from third parties, for use in our business-to-business and business-to-consumers offerings. certain of our offerings and services use intellectual property licensed from third parties and we expect that our future products will require the use of third-party intellectual property. the future success of our business may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain, retain and/or expand licenses for popular technologies and games in a competitive market. we cannot assure that third-party licenses that may be necessary or desirable for the operation of our products, or support for such licensed products and technologies, will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. if we are unable to renew and/or expand existing licenses or obtain new licenses, including as a result of reluctance of third parties to subject themselves to regulatory review that may be required to operate as our supplier, we may be required to discontinue or limit our use of the products that include or incorporate the licensed intellectual property, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and prospects.
we are or may become involved in legal proceedings that, if adversely adjudicated or settled, could impact our business and financial condition.
from time to time, we are named in lawsuits or other legal proceedings relating to our respective businesses. some of these matters involve commercial or contractual disputes, intellectual property claims, legal compliance, personal injury claims, and employment claims. as with all legal proceedings, no assurances can be given as to the outcome of these matters. moreover, legal proceedings can be expensive and time consuming, and we may not be successful in defending or prosecuting these lawsuits, which could result in settlements or damages that could significantly impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and other financial information included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
caesars entertainment, inc., a delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries, may be referred to as the "company," "cei," "caesars," "we," "our," "us," or the "registrant."
we also refer to (i) our consolidated financial statements as our "financial statements," (ii) our consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) as our "statements of operations," (iii) our consolidated balance sheets as our "balance sheets," and (iv) our consolidated statements of cash flows as our "statements of cash flows." references to numbered "notes" refer to notes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8.
the statements in this discussion regarding our expectations of our future performance, liquidity and capital resources, and other non-historical statements are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. see item 1a, "risk factors-cautionary statements regarding forward-looking statements," of this report.
objective this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to be a narrative explanation of the financial statements and other statistical data that should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements to enhance an investor's understanding of our financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. our objectives are: (i) to provide a narrative explanation of our financial statements that will enable investors to see the company through the eyes of management; (ii) to enhance the overall financial disclosure and provide the context within which financial information should be analyzed; and (iii) to provide information about the quality of, and potential variability of, our earnings and cash flows so that investors can ascertain the likelihood of whether past performance is indicative of future performance.
overview we are a geographically diversified gaming and hospitality company that was founded in 1973 by the carano family with the opening of the eldorado hotel casino in reno, nevada. beginning in 2005, we grew through a series of acquisitions, including the acquisition of mtr gaming group, inc. in 2014, isle of capri casinos, inc. ("isle" or "isle of capri") in 2017 and tropicana entertainment, inc. in 2018 and a merger with caesars entertainment corporation ("former caesars") on july 20, 2020, pursuant to which former caesars became our wholly-owned subsidiary (the "merger") and our ticker symbol on the nasdaq stock market changed from "eri" to "czr." in addition, on april 22, 2021, we completed the acquisition of william hill plc (the "william hill acquisition").
we currently own, lease or manage an aggregate of 51 domestic properties in 16 states with approximately 52,800 slot machines, video lottery terminals and e-tables, approximately 2,800 table games and approximately 47,200 hotel rooms as of december 31, 2022. in addition, we have other domestic and international properties that are authorized to use the brands and marks of caesars entertainment, inc., as well as other non-gaming properties. our primary source of revenue is generated by our casino properties' gaming operations, including our retail and online sports betting, as well as our online gaming, and we utilize our hotels, restaurants, bars, entertainment, racing, retail shops and other services to attract customers to our properties.
as of december 31, 2022, we owned 20 of our casinos and leased 25 casinos in the u.s. we lease 18 casinos from vici properties l.p., a delaware limited partnership ("vici") pursuant to a regional lease, a las vegas lease and a joliet lease (collectively, "vici leases"). we also lease six casinos from glp capital, l.p., the operating partnership of gaming and leisure properties, inc. ("glpi"), pursuant to a master lease (as amended, the "glpi master lease") and a lumière lease (together with the glpi master lease, the "glpi leases"). additionally, we lease the rio all-suite hotel & casino from a separate third party. see descriptions under the "glpi leases" and "vici leases."
we also operate and conduct sports wagering across 28 jurisdictions in north america, 20 of which are mobile for sports betting, and operate regulated online real money gaming in six jurisdictions in north america. our caesars sportsbook app operates on the liberty platform, which we acquired in the william hill acquisition along with other technology platforms that we intend to migrate to the liberty platform in the future, subject to required approvals. the map below illustrates caesars digital's presence as of december 31, 2022:
on january 1, 2023, we launched mobile sports betting on our liberty platform in ohio and caesars sportsbook is now accepting in-person sports wagers and mobile account cash deposits at certain destinations including eldorado gaming scioto downs.
in addition to the caesars sportsbook app, we partnered with nyrabets llc, the official online wagering platform of the new york racing association, inc., and launched the caesars racebook app within eight states as of december 31, 2022. the caesars racebook app provides access for pari-mutuel wagering at over 300 race tracks around the world as well as livestreaming of races. wagers placed can earn credits towards our caesars rewards loyalty program or points which can be redeemed for free wagering credits.
we are also in the process of continuing the expansion of our caesars digital footprint in the near term with our caesars sportsbook and caesars racebook apps as jurisdictions legalize or provide necessary approvals.
we periodically divest of assets in order to raise capital or as a result of a determination that the assets are not core to our business. we also divested certain assets in connection with obtaining regulatory approvals related to closing of the merger. a summary of recently completed divestitures of our properties as of december 31, 2022 is as follows:
segment                    property                                                                      date sold                                        sales price regional                   isle of capri casino kansas city ("kansas city")                              july 1, 2020                                             (a)
regional                   lady luck casino vicksburg ("vicksburg")                                      july 1, 2020                                             (a)
regional                   eldorado resort casino shreveport ("eldorado shreveport")                     december 23, 2020                               $140 million regional                   montbleu casino resort &amp; spa ("montbleu")                                 april 6, 2021                                    $15 million regional                   tropicana evansville ("evansville")                                           june 3, 2021                                    $480 million regional                   belle of baton rouge casino &amp; hotel ("baton rouge")                       may 5, 2022                                                *
discontinued operations:
regional                   harrah's reno                                                                 september 30, 2020                           $42 million (b)
regional                   bally's atlantic city                                                         november 18, 2020                            $25 million (b)
regional                   harrah's louisiana downs                                                      november 1, 2021                             $22 million (b)
regional                   caesars southern indiana                                                      september 3, 2021                               $250 million n/a                        emerald resort &amp; casino                                                   july 16, 2021                                              *
n/a                        caesars entertainment uk                                                      july 16, 2021                                              *
n/a                        william hill international                                                    july 1, 2022                                    £2.0 billion
____________________
*not meaningful.
(a)kansas city and vicksburg were sold for aggregate consideration of $230 million.
(b)the proceeds of this sale were split between the company and vici.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 4 for further discussion on these key transactions and any applicable gain (loss) or impairment charges recorded.
merger and acquisitions related activities william hill acquisition on september 30, 2020, we announced that we had reached an agreement with william hill plc on the terms of a recommended cash acquisition pursuant to which we would acquire the entire issued and to be issued share capital (other than shares owned by us or held in treasury) of william hill plc, in an all-cash transaction. on the acquisition date, our intent was to divest william hill plc's non-u.s. operations, including the united kingdom and international online divisions and the retail betting shops (collectively, "william hill international"), which were held for sale as of the date of the closing of the william hill acquisition with such operations reflected within discontinued operations. on april 22, 2021, we completed the acquisition of william hill plc for £2.9 billion, or approximately $3.9 billion.
on september 8, 2021, we entered into an agreement to sell william hill international to 888 holdings plc for approximately £2.2 billion. on april 7, 2022, we amended the agreement to sell william hill international to 888 holdings plc for a revised enterprise value of approximately £2.0 billion. the amended agreement reflected a £250 million reduction in consideration payable at closing and up to £100 million as deferred consideration to be paid to us, subject to 888 holdings plc meeting certain 2023 financial targets. during the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recorded impairments to assets held for sale of $503 million within discontinued operations based on the revised and final sales prices.
on july 1, 2022, we completed the sale of william hill international to 888 holdings plc and outstanding borrowings under the bridge credit agreement between the company and certain lenders party thereto and deutsche bank ag, london branch as administrative agent and collateral agent were immediately repaid. after the repayment of the bridge credit agreement, other permitted leakage, and the settlement of related forward contracts, we received net proceeds of $730 million. including open market repurchases and repayments, we utilized all $730 million to reduce our outstanding debt.
we recognized acquisition-related transaction costs of $21 million, $68 million and $8 million for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, excluding additional transaction cost associated with sale of william hill international. these costs were associated with legal, professional services and certain severance and retention costs and were primarily recorded in transaction and other costs in our statements of operations.
consolidation of horseshoe baltimore on august 26, 2021, we increased our ownership interest in cbac borrower, llc ("horseshoe baltimore"), a property which we also manage, to approximately 75.8% for cash consideration of $55 million. as a result of the increase in our ownership interest, our previously held investment was remeasured and we recognized a gain of $40 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. subsequent to the change in ownership, we determined that we have a controlling financial interest and began to consolidate the operations of horseshoe baltimore.
merger with caesars entertainment corporation on july 20, 2020, the merger was consummated and former caesars became a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours. the strategic rationale for the merger includes, but is not limited to, the following:
•creation of the largest owner, operator and manager of domestic gaming assets
•diversification of the company's domestic footprint
•access to iconic brands, rewards programs and new gaming opportunities expected to enhance customer experience
•realization of significant identified synergies the total purchase consideration for former caesars was $10.9 billion. the estimated purchase consideration in the acquisition was determined with reference to its acquisition date fair value.
we recognized acquisition-related transaction costs in connection with the merger of $30 million and $160 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
investments and partnerships neogames the acquired net assets of william hill included an investment in neogames s.a. ("neogames"), a global leader of ilottery solutions and services to national and state-regulated lotteries, and other investments. on september 16, 2021, we sold a portion of our shares of neogames common stock for $136 million which decreased our ownership interest from 24.5% to approximately 8.4%. additionally, on march 14, 2022 we sold our remaining 2 million shares at fair value for $26 million. during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded losses related to the investment in neogames of $34 million and $54 million, respectively, which is included within other income (loss) on the statements of operations.
pompano joint venture in april 2018, we entered into a joint venture with cordish companies ("cordish") to plan and develop a mixed-use entertainment and hospitality destination expected to be located on unused land adjacent to the casino and racetrack at our pompano property. as the managing member, cordish will operate the business and manage the development, construction, financing, marketing, leasing, maintenance and day-to-day operation of the various phases of the project. additionally, cordish is responsible for the development of the master plan for the project with our input and will submit it for our review and approval. in june 2021, the joint venture issued a capital call and we contributed $3 million, for a total of $4 million in cash contributions since inception of the joint venture. on february 12, 2021, we contributed 186 acres to the joint venture with a fair value of $61 million. total contributions of approximately 206 acres of land have been made with a fair value of approximately $69 million, and we have no further obligation to contribute additional real estate or cash.
while we hold a 50% variable interest in the joint venture, we are not the primary beneficiary; as such the investment in the joint venture is accounted for using the equity method. we participate evenly with cordish in the profits and losses of the joint venture, which are included in transaction and other costs on our statements of operations. as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, the company's investment in the joint venture is recorded in investment in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates on our balance sheets.
reportable segments segment results in this md&a are presented consistent with the way our management reviews operating results, assesses performance and makes decisions on a "significant market" basis. management views each of the company's casinos as an operating segment. operating segments are aggregated based on their similar economic characteristics, types of customers, types of services and products provided, and their management and reporting structure. our principal operating activities occur in four reportable segments: (1) las vegas, (2) regional, (3) caesars digital, and (4) managed and branded, in addition to corporate and other. see item 2. "properties" for listing of properties by segment.
presentation of financial information the financial information included in this item 7 for the periods after our acquisitions of former caesars on july 20, 2020, william hill on april 22, 2021 and of the increase in our ownership percentage and subsequent consolidation of horseshoe baltimore on august 26, 2021, is not fully comparable to the periods prior to the acquisitions. in addition, the presentation of financial information herein for the periods after the company's sales of various properties, described above, is not fully comparable to the periods prior to their respective sale dates.
this md&a is intended to provide information to assist in better understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. our historical operating results may not be indicative of our future results of operations because of the factors described in the preceding paragraph and the changing competitive landscape in each of our markets, including changes in market and societal trends, increased competition, as well as by factors or trends discussed elsewhere herein. we recommend that you read this md&a in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
key performance metrics our primary source of revenue is generated by our gaming operations, including retail and online sports betting, as well as online gaming. additionally we utilize our hotels, restaurants, bars, entertainment venues, retail shops, racing and other services to attract customers to our properties. our operating results are highly dependent on the volume and quality of customers visiting and staying at our properties and using our sports betting and igaming applications.
key performance metrics include volume indicators such as drop or handle, which refer to amounts wagered by our customers. the amount of volume we retain, which is not fully controllable by us, is recognized as casino revenues and is referred to as our win or hold. slot win percentage is typically in the range of approximately 9% to 11% of slot handle for both the las vegas and regional segments. table game hold percentage is typically in the range of approximately 16% to 23% of table game drop in both the las vegas and regional segments. sports betting hold is typically in the range of 5% to 9% and igaming hold typically ranges from 3% to 4%. in addition, hotel occupancy, which is the average percentage of available hotel rooms occupied during a period, is a key indicator for our hotel business in the las vegas segment. see "results of operations" section below. complimentary rooms are treated as occupied rooms in our calculation of hotel occupancy. the key metrics we utilize to measure our profitability and performance are adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin.
significant factors impacting financial results the following summary highlights the significant factors impacting our financial results during the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
acquisitions and transaction costs
•william hill acquisition - on april 22, 2021, we consummated the acquisition of the entire issued and to be issued share capital (other than shares owned by the company or held in treasury) of william hill plc, in an all-cash transaction of £2.9 billion, or approximately $3.9 billion. we recognized acquisition-related transaction costs of $21 million, $68 million and $8 million for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, excluding additional transaction costs associated with sale of william hill international.
•consolidation of horseshoe baltimore - on august 26, 2021, we increased our ownership interest in horseshoe baltimore to approximately 75.8%. prior to the purchase, we held an interest in horseshoe baltimore of approximately 44.3% which was accounted for as an equity method investment. subsequent to the change in ownership, we determined we have a controlling financial interest and have consolidate the operations of horseshoe baltimore. as a result of the consolidation, we recognized a gain of $40 million during the year ended december 31, 2021.
•merger with caesars entertainment corporation - the merger closed on july 20, 2020 and we have recognized acquisition-related transaction costs in connection with the merger of $30 million and $160 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
divestitures and discontinued operations
•divestitures and discontinued operations - see "overview" section above for detail of properties divested, including related discontinued operations.
financing transactions
•debt transactions - we continue to utilize free cash flow to reduce our leverage and extend the maturity of our outstanding debt. the following are the key financing transactions and their effects on our operations, from the use of free cash flow, unless otherwise noted:
◦utilized proceeds from the sale of william hill international and cash on hand to make partial prepayments of $755 million of the outstanding principal of the crc incremental term loan.
◦repaid $300 million of the outstanding principal of the crc term loan, excluding the prepayment resulting from the proceeds of the cei term loan a described below.
◦purchased a total of $11 million in principal amount of the crc senior secured notes and $89 million in principal amount of cei senior notes due 2027.
◦amended the cei credit agreement and utilized the entire proceeds of a new $750 million cei term loan a to make a partial prepayment of the outstanding principal of the crc term loan, terminate the crc revolving credit facility and increase the aggregate principal amount of the cei revolving credit facility to $2.25 billion.
◦for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded loss on extinguishment of debt of $85 million, $236 million and $197 million respectively, which is recorded within loss on extinguishment of debt on the statement of operations due to the aforementioned activity.
◦refer to the liquidity and capital resources section below for a further discussion of our recent debt transactions, including our financing transactions in 2023 in which we issued new cei senior secured notes due 2030, a new cei term loan b, and fully repaid the crc term loan and crc incremental term loan.
other significant factors
•economic factors impacting discretionary spending - gaming and other leisure activities we offer represent discretionary expenditures which may be sensitive to economic downturns. the resurgence of the omicron variant of covid-19 impacted the beginning of the year, however, many of our properties experienced positive trends during much of the year ended december 31, 2022, including higher hotel occupancy and rates, particularly in las vegas, and increased gaming and food and beverage volumes coupled with improved product mix. the reduction in mandates and restrictions, combined with pent up consumer demand and supplemental discretionary spend from governmental stimulus, resulted in strong results across our properties during 2021.in addition to the loss of government stimulus programs from prior year that increased consumer discretionary spend, we are monitoring the trend of higher inflation in the current year and the possible implications to our customers. although we have seen some periods of reduced visitation from those customers that are most affected by inflation, visitation from those customers not as sensitive to inflation remains steady or has slightly improved.
•impairment charges - as a result of our finalized and approved capital and operating plans and the completion of our 2022 annual impairment testing, we recognized impairment charges during the year ended december 31, 2022 in our regional segment primarily due to an increase in the related discount rates, which represents the higher required cost of capital as a result of the macroeconomic environment and projected outlook. we identified one property, where the estimated fair value of the associated gaming rights was less than the carrying value and we recorded an impairment of $30 million. in addition, we identified two properties, where the estimated fair value of the enterprise was less than the carrying value and recorded an impairment to goodwill of $78 million.in december 2021, we approved a capital plan which included the planned rebranding of certain of our properties. we utilized an income approach to determine the fair value of the trademarks subject to rebranding based on their expected future cash flows, which resulted in an impairment charge of $102 million during the year ended december 31, 2021. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recognized impairment charges in our regional segment related to goodwill and trade names totaling $100 million and $16 million, respectively, due to the effects of covid-19. in addition, as a result of entering agreements to sell properties in our regional segment, impairment charges totaling $99 million were recorded during the year ended december 31, 2020 due to the carrying value exceeding the net sales proceeds.
•weather disruption - in late august 2020, our regional segment was negatively impacted by hurricane laura, causing severe damage to isle of capri casino hotel lake charles. as a result of the damage, the property remained closed during the construction of a new land-based location, horseshoe lake charles, which opened in december 2022. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we reached a final settlement agreement with the insurance carriers for the damage and disruption for a total amount of $128 million, before our insurance deductible of $25 million. we have received a total of $103 million related to damaged fixed assets, remediation costs and business interruption.
we recorded gains of $38 million and $21 million during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in transaction and other costs in our statements of operations, as proceeds received for the cost to replace damaged property were in excess of respective carrying value of the assets.
•caesars sportsbook and caesars racebook - in connection with the launch and rebranding of the caesars sportsbook app, our caesars digital segment launched a significant marketing campaign in the second half of 2021 with distinguished actors, former athletes and other media personalities. as new states and jurisdictions have legalized sports betting, we have made significant upfront investments which have been executed through marketing campaigns and promotional incentives to acquire new customers and establish ourselves as an industry leader. for example, in connection with the launch of our caesars sportsbook app in the state of new york on january 8, 2022 and louisiana on january 28, 2022, we experienced negative net revenue at the beginning of 2022 resulting from a substantial amount of bonus cash and matched deposits issued to customers as sign-on incentives, which exceeded our gaming win. our level of investment and types of incentives provided are discretionary and are not expected to continue at elevated levels subsequent to the initial launch period. in addition, as our caesars racebook launches in new states and jurisdictions, we may offer deposit matching incentives to new users. a significant portion of our marketing and promotional costs are variable and we continue to monitor and adjust our level of investment based on jurisdiction specific conditions, customer behaviors, and results observed from prior state launches.
results of operations the following table highlights the results of our operations:
years ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                        2022                          2021                          2020
net revenues:
las vegas                              $4,287                        $3,409                          $751
regional                                5,704                         5,537                         2,660
caesars digital                           548                           337                            95
managed and branded                       282                           278                           107
corporate and other (a)                     -                             9                            15
total                                 $10,821                        $9,570                        $3,628
net loss                               $(910)                      $(1,016)                      $(1,758)
adjusted ebitda (b):
las vegas                              $1,964                        $1,568                          $133
regional                                1,985                         1,979                           711
caesars digital                         (666)                         (476)                            26
managed and branded                        84                            87                            25
corporate and other (a)                 (124)                         (168)                         (101)
total segment adjusted ebitda          $3,243                        $2,990                          $794
net loss margin                         (8.4)   %                    (10.6)   %                    (48.5)   %
adjusted ebitda margin                   30.0   %                      31.2   %                      21.9   %
___________________
(a)corporate and other includes revenues related to certain licensing arrangements and various revenue sharing agreements. corporate and other adjusted ebitda includes corporate overhead costs, which consist of certain expenses, such as: payroll, professional fees and other general and administrative expenses.
(b)see the "supplemental unaudited presentation of consolidated adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda")" discussion later in this md&a for a description of adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted ebitda.
consolidated comparison for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
the following table highlights the results of our operations: comparisons between 2022 and 2021 are described below. a discussion of changes in our results of operations between year ended december 31, 2021 compared to 2020 has been omitted from this annual report on form 10-k and can be found in "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020" of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021.
net revenues net revenues were as follows:
years ended december 31,                  variance                   percent change                  variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                  2022   2021                                             2020                                               2022 vs 2021                                               2021 vs 2020
casino                           $5,997                      $5,827                      $2,482                     $170                            2.9      %               $3,345                          134.8      %
food and beverage                 1,596                       1,140                         342                      456                           40.0      %                  798                                     *
hotel                             1,957                       1,551                         450                      406                           26.2      %                1,101                                     *
other                             1,271                       1,052                         354                      219                           20.8      %                  698                          197.2      %
net revenues                    $10,821                      $9,570                      $3,628                   $1,251                           13.1      %               $5,942                          163.8      %
___________________
*    not meaningful.
despite the resurgence of the omicron variant during the beginning of 2022, consolidated net revenues increased for the year ended december 31, 2022. the company's net revenues have benefited from steady gaming volumes at our properties, increased hotel occupancy and room rates, and improved food and beverage offerings. banquets and conventions have improved during the current year, in addition to a strengthening of international visitation. the company continues to remain strategic with new food and beverage offerings with a focus on operating margins and product mix. restaurant covers have increased during the year, driven by our las vegas segment. live entertainment events have also increased year over year following the prolonged impacts from covid-19. additionally, the consolidation of horseshoe baltimore on august 26, 2021 contributed to the increase in net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022. these increases were offset slightly by negative gaming revenue in our caesars digital segment in the first quarter of 2022 and construction disruption experienced at certain properties.
operating expenses operating expenses were as follows:
years ended december 31,                variance                   percent change                  variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                        2022                        2021                        2020                                             2022 vs 2021                                               2021 vs 2020
casino                                 $3,526                      $3,129                      $1,271                   $397                           12.7      %               $1,858                          146.2      %
food and beverage                         935                         707                         265                    228                           32.2      %                  442                          166.8      %
hotel                                     529                         438                         170                     91                           20.8      %                  268                          157.6      %
other                                     411                         373                         140                     38                           10.2      %                  233                          166.4      %
general and administrative              2,068                       1,782                         902                    286                           16.0      %                  880                           97.6      %
corporate                                 286                         309                         195                   (23)                          (7.4)      %                  114                           58.5      %
impairment charges                        108                         102                         215                      6                            5.9      %                (113)                         (52.6)      %
depreciation and amortization           1,205                       1,126                         583                     79                            7.0      %                  543                           93.1      %
transaction and other costs                14                         144                         270                  (130)                         (90.3)      %                (126)                         (46.7)      %
total operating expenses               $9,082                      $8,110                      $4,011                   $972                           12.0      %               $4,099                          102.2      %
casino expenses consist primarily of salaries and wages associated with our gaming operations, gaming taxes and marketing and promotions attributable to our caesars digital segment. food and beverage expenses consist principally of salaries and wages and costs of goods sold associated with our food and beverage operations. hotel expenses consist principally of salaries and wages, supplies and costs of services associated with our hotel operations. other expenses consist principally of salaries and wages and costs of goods sold associated with our retail, entertainment and other operations.
casino, food and beverage, hotel, and other expenses for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased year over year following the revenue increases noted above, in addition to the impacts of the william hill acquisition and the consolidation of horseshoe baltimore. advertising costs consisting of television, radio and internet marketing campaigns directly attributable to our caesars sportsbook app also contributed to the increase, particularly during the launch of the app in new york and louisiana during the first quarter. these increases were partially offset as we scaled back our advertising efforts subsequent to the first quarter of 2022 and continue to identify more efficient methods to manage marketing and promotional spend and reduce gaming expenses within our las vegas and regional segments. further, we have managed increases in food costs by focusing on efficiencies within food and beverage venues and menu options.
general and administrative expenses include items such as information technology, facility maintenance, utilities, property and liability insurance, expenses for administrative departments such as accounting, compliance, purchasing, human resources, legal, internal audit, and property taxes. general and administrative expenses also include other marketing expenses indirectly related to our gaming and non-gaming operations.
general and administrative expenses and depreciation and amortization expense increased for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the same prior year period, mainly due to the william hill acquisition and the consolidation of horseshoe baltimore. property information technology costs, other marketing expenses and utility expenses also increased compared to the prior year.
corporate expenses include unallocated expenses such as payroll, inclusive of the annual bonus, stock-based compensation, professional fees, and other various expenses not directly related to the company's operations.
transaction and other costs for the year ended december 31, 2022 decreased year over year due to a gain of approximately $38 million as proceeds received for the isle of capri casino hotel lake charles property damage were in excess of the respective carrying value of the assets. additionally, no significant acquisition related transaction costs were incurred during the year as compared to the william hill acquisition in the prior year.
other expense other expense was as follows:
years ended december 31,                variance                   percent change                    variance               percent change
(dollars in millions)                                   2022                          2021                          2020                                             2022 vs 2021                                                 2021 vs 2020
interest expense, net                           $(2,265)                      $(2,295)                      $(1,202)                    $30                            1.3      %               $(1,093)                    (90.9)        %
loss on extinguishment of debt                      (85)                         (236)                         (197)                    151                           64.0      %                   (39)                    (19.8)        %
other income (loss)                                   46                         (198)                           176                    244                                     *                  (374)                    *
benefit (provision) for income taxes                  41                           283                         (132)                  (242)                         (85.5)      %   415                                     *
___________________
*    not meaningful.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, interest expense, remained consistent year over year as a result of decreased interest expense associated with our debt instruments, offset by increases in interest expense associated with the financing obligations related to our leases with vici and glpi which contain annual escalators which have resulted in increased interest expense year over year. repayments and early extinguishments during the prior year, which continued into the current year, and favorable interest rates from new debt have resulted in lower interest expense associated with our debt.
loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2022 was attributable to the extinguishment of deferred financing costs and discounts associated with early partial repayments of the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan. loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2021 was related to early repayment premiums, and extinguishment of deferred financing costs and discounts associated with the prepayments of the crc notes and cei senior notes, the repricing of the crc incremental term loan, and the early extinguishment of the 5% convertible notes.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, other income (loss) primarily consisted of a gain related to the resolution of a portion of disputed claims liability related to former caesars' bankruptcy and a change in the fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts, offset by the change in fair value of investments. for the year ended december 31, 2021, other income (loss) primarily consisted of a loss on the change in fair value of investments and a loss on the change in fair value of the derivative liability related to the 5% convertible notes.
the effective tax rate was 7.2% for 2022, 22.3% for 2021, and (8.2)% for 2020. the effective tax rate in 2022 differed from the statutory rate of 21% primarily due to an increase in tax expense due to state rate changes and a deferred tax adjustment related to the tax impact of the settlement of preexisting relationships upon the william hill acquisition in 2021 that was partially offset by changes to the valuation allowance. the effective tax rate in 2020 differed from the statutory rate of 21% primarily due to an increase in valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets due to the series of transactions with vici during the year. such transactions did not occur in 2021. refer to item 8. - note 17 for the effective income tax rate reconciliation.
segment comparison for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
las vegas segment years ended december 31,                variance                   percent change                  variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                                    2022                        2021                        2020                                             2022 vs 2021                                               2021 vs 2020
revenues:
casino                                             $1,247                      $1,226                        $319                    $21                            1.7      %                 $907                                     *
food and beverage                                   1,063                         702                         130                    361                           51.4      %                  572                                     *
hotel                                               1,341                         968                         186                    373                           38.5      %                  782                                     *
other                                                 636                         513                         116                    123                           24.0      %                  397                                     *
net revenues                                       $4,287                      $3,409                        $751                   $878                           25.8      %               $2,658                                     *
table game drop                                    $3,464                      $3,088                      $1,082                   $376                           12.2      %               $2,006                          185.4   %
table game hold %                                    22.0   %                    20.2   %                    16.6   %                                                  1.8 pts                                                    3.6 pts slot handle                                       $10,718                     $10,309                      $3,498                   $409                            4.0      %               $6,811                          194.7   %
hotel occupancy                                      92.2   %                    82.1   %                    47.2   %                                                 10.1 pts                                                   34.9 pts adjusted ebitda                                    $1,964                      $1,568                        $133                   $396                           25.3      %               $1,435                                     *
adjusted ebitda margin                               45.8   %                    46.0   %                    17.7   %                                                (0.2) pts                                                   28.3 pts net income (loss) attributable to caesars          $1,021                        $641                      $(287)                   $380                           59.3      %                 $928                                     *
___________________
*    not meaningful.
las vegas segment's net revenues and net income (loss) and adjusted ebitda increased year over year. visitation to las vegas has continued to trend toward levels experienced prior to the covid-19 pandemic. table game drop and slot handle have increased with slight increases in hold. increased casino revenues were slightly offset by gaming capacity disruption at caesars palace caused by the renovation to the front entrance during the third quarter of 2022. restaurant covers have increased during the year and we continue to expand food and beverage offerings, including bobby's burgers, nobu, and the bedford by martha stewart at paris, among others, with additional venues scheduled to open in 2023. banquets and conventions have contributed to the positive results during the year helping continued growth in hotel occupancy and room rates.
slot win percentage in las vegas during the year ended december 31, 2022 was within our typical range.
regional segment years ended december 31,                  variance                   percent change                  variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                                    2022                        2021                        2020                                               2022 vs 2021                                               2021 vs 2020
revenues:
casino                                             $4,291                      $4,305                      $2,079                    $(14)                          (0.3)      %               $2,226                          107.1      %
food and beverage                                     533                         438                         211                       95                           21.7      %                  227                          107.6      %
hotel                                                 616                         583                         264                       33                            5.7      %                  319                          120.8      %
other                                                 264                         211                         106                       53                           25.1      %                  105                           99.1      %
net revenues                                       $5,704                      $5,537                      $2,660                     $167                            3.0      %               $2,877                          108.2      %
table game drop                                    $4,270                      $4,163                      $2,386                     $107                            2.6      %               $1,777                           74.5      %
table game hold %                                    22.0   %                    21.0   %                    20.6   %                                                      1 pts                                                    0.4 pts slot handle                                       $42,853                     $42,873                     $24,441                    $(20)                              -      %              $18,432                           75.4      %
adjusted ebitda                                    $1,985                      $1,979                        $711                       $6                            0.3      %               $1,268                          178.3      %
adjusted ebitda margin                               34.8   %                    35.7   %                    26.7   %                                                  (0.9) pts                                                      9 pts net income (loss) attributable to caesars            $463                        $637                      $(349)                   $(174)                         (27.3)      %                 $986                                     *
___________________
*    not meaningful.
regional segment's net income (loss) decreased during the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily due to impairments of $108 million recognized during the period, and a non-recurring prior year gain of $40 million related to our investment in horseshoe baltimore. net revenues and adjusted ebitda increased slightly for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the same prior year period, in part from the consolidation of horseshoe baltimore. table game volume for the year ended december 31, 2022 remained comparable, however slot volume decreased slightly from strong results during 2021 due to the reduction in supplemental discretionary spend from governmental stimulus. performance among our regional properties was affected by a resurgence of the omicron variant of covid-19 in the beginning of 2022; however, the regional segment trended positively due to improved food and beverage offerings, increased hotel revenues and an increase in banquets. we continue to monitor trends observed during the current year of periods of reduced visitation from certain customers most affected by current inflationary pressures whereas visitation from customers not as affected by such pressures remains steady or has slightly improved. further, renovations and capital projects at harrah's new orleans and atlantic city properties have led to slight disruptions in operations. despite these headwinds, and the impact of our recent divestitures described above, our results of operations remain strong as compared to pre-pandemic years.
slot win percentage in the regional segment during the year ended december 31, 2022 was within our typical range.
caesars digital segment years ended december 31,                  variance                   percent change                  variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                                    2022                        2021                        2020                                               2022 vs 2021                                               2021 vs 2020
revenues:
casino (a)                                           $462                        $296                         $84                     $166                           56.1      %                 $212                                     *
other                                                  86                          41                          11       45                                          109.8      %   30                                                     *
net revenues                                         $548                        $337                         $95                     $211                           62.6      %                 $242                                     *
sports betting handle (b)                         $12,801                      $6,046                         $30                   $6,755                          111.7      %               $6,016                                     *
sports betting hold %                                 5.4   %                     4.3   %                     3.3   %                                                    1.1 pts                                                      1 pts igaming handle                                     $8,073                      $5,621                      $2,448                   $2,452                           43.6      %               $3,173                          129.6   %
igaming hold %                                        3.2   %                     3.3   %                     3.5   %                                                  (0.1) pts                                                  (0.2) pts adjusted ebitda                                    $(666)                      $(476)                         $26                   $(190)                         (39.9)      %               $(502)                                     *
adjusted ebitda margin                            (121.5)   %                 (141.2)   %                    27.4   %                                                   19.7 pts                                                          *
net income (loss) attributable to caesars          $(790)                      $(580)                         $26                   $(210)                         (36.2)      %               $(606)                                     *
___________________
*    not meaningful.
(a)includes total promotional and complimentary incentives related to sports betting, igaming, and poker of $542 million, $187 million and $28 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. promotional and complimentary incentives for poker were $21 million, $18 million and $6 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
(b)caesars digital generated an additional $1,223 million and $706 million of sports betting handle for the year ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is not included in this table, for select wholly-owned and third-party operations for which caesars digital provides services and we receive all, or a share of, the net profits. hold related to these operations was 11.0% and 9.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. sports betting handle includes $50 million and $40 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to horse racing and pari-mutuel wagers.
caesars digital includes the operations for our retail and mobile sports betting, online casino, poker and horse racing, which includes our caesars sportsbook and caesars racebook apps. caesars digital's sports betting handle, igaming handle, and net revenues increased significantly for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the same prior year period due to the william hill acquisition, the launch of our caesars sportsbook app in 2021, and the expansion of sports betting into additional states and jurisdictions subsequent to the acquisition. net revenues increased overall during the year ended december 31, 2022 due to higher handle and improved sports betting hold. net revenues during the first quarter of 2022 were negatively impacted by costs associated with significant promotions offered with the launch of our caesars sportsbook, particularly in new york and louisiana, which included cash bonuses and matched deposits to new customers as sign-on incentives. following the first quarter, caesars digital's operations continued to improve for the remainder of 2022, nearly reaching positive net income and adjusted ebitda during the fourth quarter.
sports betting and igaming hold percentages for the year ended december 31, 2022 were within our typical range.
we expect to continue to expand into new jurisdictions with our apps, our caesars branded retail sportsbooks, and our igaming applications, to the extent such jurisdictions allow. historically we have deployed a significant level of marketing spend to build brand awareness and acquire and retain customers when entering new jurisdictions. as a result of our established market presence, we expect to remain strategic with our level of investment in new and existing markets.
as sports betting and online casinos expand through increased state legalization and customer adoption, growth in marketing and promotional costs in highly competitive markets negatively impacts caesars digital adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margins in comparison to prior periods. these periods are not expected to be long in duration as we use our discretion to determine the ongoing level of investment for a particular jurisdiction.
managed and branded segment years ended december 31,            variance                         percent change                variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                                    2022                      2021                      2020            2022 vs 2021                                                                                2021 vs 2020
revenues:
food and beverage                                      $-                        $-                        $1                $-                                            *               $(1)                        (100.0)      %
other                                                 282                       278                       106       4                                             1.4      %                172                          162.3      %
net revenues                                         $282                      $278                      $107                $4                                   1.4      %               $171                          159.8      %
adjusted ebitda                                       $84                       $87                       $25                $(3)                               (3.4)      %                $62                                     *
adjusted ebitda margin                               29.8   %                  31.3   %                  23.4   %                                                  (1.5) pts                                                  7.9 pts net income (loss) attributable to caesars          $(301)                       $68                       $29                $(369)                                        *                $39                          134.5      %
___________________
*    not meaningful.
we manage several properties and license rights to the use of our brands. these revenue agreements typically include reimbursement of certain costs that we incur directly. such costs are primarily related to payroll costs incurred on behalf of the properties under management. the revenue related to these reimbursable management costs has a direct impact on our evaluation of adjusted ebitda margin which, when excluded, reflects margins typically realized from such agreements. the table below presents the amount included in net revenues and total operating expenses related to these reimbursable costs.
years ended december 31,                variance                   percent change                variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                         2022                      2021                    2020                                             2022 vs 2021                                             2021 vs 2020
reimbursable management revenue           $198                      $191                     $73                     $7                            3.7      %               $118                          161.6      %
reimbursable management cost               198                       191                      73                      7                            3.7      %                118                          161.6      %
corporate & other years ended december 31,                                                variance                       percent change   variance                       percent change
(dollars in millions)         2022                                 2021                        2020   2022 vs 2021                                    2021 vs 2020
revenues:
casino                        $(3)                               $-                          $-       $(3)                                        *   $-                                          *
other                         3                                   9                          15       (6)                             (66.7)      %   (6)                             (40.0)      %
net revenues                  $-                                 $9                         $15       $(9)                           (100.0)      %   $(6)                            (40.0)      %
adjusted ebitda               $(124)                         $(168)                      $(101)       $44                               26.2      %   $(67)                           (66.3)      %
___________________
*    not meaningful.
supplemental unaudited presentation of consolidated adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda") for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
adjusted ebitda (described below), a non-gaap financial measure, has been presented as a supplemental disclosure because it is a widely used measure of performance and basis for valuation of companies in our industry and we believe that this non-gaap supplemental information will be helpful in understanding our ongoing operating results. management has historically used adjusted ebitda when evaluating operating performance because we believe that the inclusion or exclusion of certain recurring and non-recurring items is necessary to provide a full understanding of our core operating results and as a means to evaluate period-to-period results. adjusted ebitda represents net income (loss) before interest income or interest expense net of interest capitalized, (benefit) provision for income taxes, unrealized (gain) loss on investments and marketable securities, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, impairment charges, equity in (income) loss of unconsolidated affiliates, (gain) loss on the sale or disposal of property and equipment, (gain) loss related to divestitures, changes in the fair value of certain derivatives and transaction costs associated with our acquisitions and divestitures such as (gain) loss on sale, sign-on and retention bonuses, severance expense, business integration and optimization costs, contract exit or termination costs, certain litigation awards and settlements, losses on inventory associated with properties temporarily closed as a result of the covid-19 public health emergency, and certain regulatory settlements. adjusted ebitda also excludes the expense associated with certain of our leases as these transactions were accounted for as financing obligations and the associated expense is included in interest expense. adjusted ebitda is not a measure of performance or liquidity calculated in accordance with gaap. adjusted ebitda is unaudited and should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income (loss) as an indicator of our operating performance. uses of cash flows that are not reflected in adjusted ebitda include capital expenditures, interest payments, income taxes, debt principal repayments, payments under our leases with affiliates of vici properties inc. and glpi and certain regulatory gaming assessments, which can be significant. as a result, adjusted ebitda should not be considered as a measure of our liquidity. other companies that provide ebitda information may calculate adjusted ebitda differently than we do. the definition of adjusted ebitda may not be the same as the definitions used in any of our debt agreements.
the following table summarizes our adjusted ebitda for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in addition to reconciling net income (loss) to adjusted ebitda in accordance with gaap (unaudited):
years ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                          2022                          2021                          2020
net loss attributable to caesars                                                 $(899)                      $(1,019)                      $(1,757)
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                         (11)                             3                           (1)
discontinued operations, net of income taxes                                        386                            30                            20
(benefit) provision for income taxes                                               (41)                         (283)                           132
other (income) loss (a)                                                            (46)                           198                         (176)
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                       85                           236                           197
interest expense, net                                                             2,265                         2,295                         1,202
impairment charges                                                                  108                           102                           215
depreciation and amortization                                                     1,205                         1,126                           583
transaction costs and other (b)                                                      90                           220                           300
stock-based compensation expense                                                    101                            82                            79
adjusted ebitda                                                                   3,243                         2,990                           794
pre-consolidation, pre-acquisition, and pre-disposition ebitda, net (c)               -                             3                           261
total adjusted ebitda                                                            $3,243                        $2,993                        $1,055
____________________
(a)other (income) loss primarily includes the net changes in fair value of (i) investments held by the company (ii) foreign exchange forward contracts (iii) the disputed claims liability related to former caesars' bankruptcy prior to the merger, and (iv) the derivative liability related to the 5% convertible notes, which were fully converted during the year ended december 31, 2021, and the change in the foreign exchange rate associated with restricted cash held in gbp associated with our acquisition of william hill.
(b)transaction costs and other primarily includes costs related to the william hill acquisition, the merger, various contract or license termination exit costs, professional services for integration activities and non-cash changes in equity method investments partially offset by gains resulting from insurance proceeds received in excess of the respective carrying value of the assets damaged at lake charles by hurricane laura.
(c)results of operations for horseshoe baltimore for periods prior to the consolidation resulting from the company's increase in its ownership interest on august 26, 2021, william hill prior to its acquisition on april 22, 2021, and former caesars prior to the merger on july 20,2020 are added to adjusted ebitda. the results of operations for certain properties divested prior to divestiture are subtracted from adjusted ebitda. see item 7 - overview above. such figures are based on unaudited internal financial statements and have not been reviewed by the company's auditors for the periods presented. the additional financial information is included to enable the comparison of current results with results of prior periods.
liquidity and capital resources we are a holding company and our only significant assets are ownership interests in our subsidiaries. our ability to fund our obligations depends on existing cash on hand, contracted asset sales, cash flows from our subsidiaries and our ability to raise capital. our primary sources of liquidity and capital resources are existing cash on hand, cash flows from operations, availability of borrowings under our revolving credit facilities, proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities and proceeds from completed asset sales. our cash requirements may fluctuate significantly depending on our decisions with respect to business acquisitions or divestitures and strategic capital and marketing investments.
as of december 31, 2022, our cash on hand and revolving borrowing capacity were as follows:
(in millions)                                                   december 31, 2022
cash and cash equivalents                                          $1,038
revolver capacity (a)                                               2,220
revolver capacity committed to letters of credit                     (82)
revolver capacity committed as regulatory requirement                (48)
total                                                              $3,128
___________________
(a)revolver capacity includes $2.25 billion under our cei revolving credit facility, as amended, maturing in january 2028, less $40 million reserved for specific purposes, and $10 million under our baltimore revolving credit facility, as amended maturing in july 2023.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, our operating activities generated operating cash inflows of $1.0 billion, as compared to operating cash inflows of $1.2 billion during the year ended december 31, 2021 due to the results of operations described above.
on september 30, 2020, we announced that we had reached an agreement with william hill plc on the terms of a recommended cash acquisition pursuant to which we would acquire the entire issued and to be issued share capital (other than shares owned by us or held in treasury) of william hill plc, in an all-cash transaction. on the acquisition date, our intent was to divest william hill international, which was held for sale as of the date of the closing of the william hill acquisition with such operations reflected within discontinued operations. on april 22, 2021, we completed the acquisition of william hill plc for £2.9 billion, or approximately $3.9 billion.
on september 8, 2021, we entered into an agreement to sell william hill international to 888 holdings plc for approximately £2.2 billion. in order to manage the risk of changes in the gbp denominated sales price and expected proceeds, the company entered into foreign exchange forward contracts. on april 7, 2022, we amended the agreement to sell william hill international to 888 holdings plc for a revised enterprise value of approximately £2.0 billion. the amended agreement reflected a £250 million reduction in consideration payable at closing and up to £100 million as deferred consideration to be paid to us, subject to 888 holdings plc meeting certain 2023 financial targets. during the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recorded impairments to assets held for sale of $503 million within discontinued operations based on the revised and final sales prices.
on july 1, 2022, we completed the sale of william hill international to 888 holdings plc and outstanding borrowings under the bridge credit agreement were immediately repaid. after the repayment of the bridge credit agreement, other permitted leakage, and the settlement of related forward contracts, we received net proceeds of $730 million. including open market repurchases and repayments, we utilized all $730 million to reduce our outstanding debt.
on october 5, 2022, we entered into a third amendment to the cei credit agreement (the "third amendment") which provided for an aggregate principal amount of $750 million senior secured term loan (the "cei term loan a" and together with the cei revolving credit facility, as so amended, the "amended cei revolving credit facility," the "senior credit facilities") as a new term loan under the credit agreement, increased the aggregate principal amount of the cei revolving credit facility to $2.25 billion and made certain other amendments to the credit agreement. both the amended cei revolving credit facility and the cei term loan a mature on january 31, 2028, subject to a springing maturity in the event our certain other long-term debt is not extended or repaid. the amended cei revolving credit facility includes a letter of credit sub-facility of $388 million. concurrently with the closing of the senior credit facilities, we terminated the crc revolving credit facility and utilized the entire proceeds of the cei term loan a of $750 million to make a partial prepayment of the outstanding principal balance of the crc term loan.
on february 6, 2023, the company issued $2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 7.00% senior secured notes (the "cei senior secured notes due 2030") pursuant to an indenture by and among the company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto from time to time, u.s. bank trust company, national association, as trustee, and u.s. bank national association, as collateral agent. the cei senior secured notes due 2030 rank equally with all existing and future first-priority lien obligations of the company and the subsidiary guarantors. the cei senior secured notes due 2030 will mature in february 2030, with interest paid semi-annually on february 15 and august 15 of each year, commencing august 15, 2023.
additionally, on february 6, 2023, caesars entered into an incremental assumption agreement no. 2 pursuant to which the company incurred a new senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $2.5 billion (the "cei term loan b") as a new term loan under the cei credit agreement. the term loan b requires scheduled quarterly amortization payments in amounts equal to 0.25% of the original aggregate principal amount of the cei term loan b, with the balance payable at maturity. borrowings under the cei term loan b bear interest at a rate equal to, at the company's option, either (a) a forward-looking term rate based on the secured overnight financing rate for the applicable interest period plus an adjustment of 0.10% per annum ("adjusted term sofr"), subject to a floor of 0.50% or (b) a base rate (the "base rate") determined by reference to the highest of (i) the rate of interest per annum last quoted by the wall street journal as the "prime rate" in the united states, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% per annum and (iii) the one-month adjusted term sofr plus 1.00% per annum, in each case, plus an applicable margin. such applicable margin is 3.25% per annum in the case of any adjusted term sofr loan and 2.25% per annum in the case of any base rate loan, subject to one 0.25% step-down based on the company's net total leverage ratio. the cei term loan b was issued at a price of 99.0% of the principal amount and will mature in february 2030.
the net proceeds from the issuance of the cei senior secured notes due 2030 and the net proceeds from the cei term loan b were used to repay the outstanding principal balance, including accrued and unpaid interest, of both the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan. the remaining net proceeds were to be used to pay related fees, or for general corporate use. upon the termination of the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan, the company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately $200 million.
we expect that our primary capital requirements going forward will relate to the expansion and maintenance of our properties, taxes, servicing our outstanding indebtedness, and rent payments under our glpi master lease, the vici leases and other leases. we make capital expenditures and perform continuing refurbishment and maintenance at our properties to maintain our quality standards. our capital expenditure requirements for 2023 include expansion projects, the rebranding of certain properties, implementation and migration of states to our liberty platform and continued investment into new markets with our caesars sportsbook and igaming applications in our caesars digital segment. in addition, we may, from time to time, seek to repurchase our outstanding indebtedness. any such purchases may be funded by existing cash balances or the incurrence of debt. the amount and timing of any repurchase will be based on business and market conditions, capital availability, compliance with debt covenants and other considerations.
we continue to expand into new markets with projects such as our partnership with the eastern band of cherokee indians to build and develop caesars virginia which is estimated to open in late 2024. the development has a budget of $650 million and is expected to include a premier destination resort casino along with a 500-room hotel and world-class casino floor including 1,300 slot machines, 85 live table games, a wsop poker room, a caesars sportsbook, a live entertainment theater and 40,000 square feet of meeting and convention space. additionally, caesars announced plans to expand into nebraska with the development of a harrah's casino and racetrack. the casino development is expected to feature a new one-mile horse racing surface, a 40,000-square-foot-casino and sportsbook with more than 400 slot machines and 20 table games, as well as a restaurant and retail space. during the construction of caesars virginia and harrah's in nebraska, we anticipate opening and operating temporary facilities during 2023 while the permanent facilities are completed.
in 2020, we funded $400 million to escrow as of the closing of the merger and have begun to utilize those funds in accordance with a three year capital expenditure plan in the state of new jersey. this amount is currently included in restricted cash in other assets, net. as of december 31, 2022, our restricted cash balance in the escrow account was $118 million for future capital expenditures in new jersey.
as a condition of the extension of the casino operating contract and ground lease for harrah's new orleans, we are also required to make a capital investment of $325 million in harrah's new orleans by july 15, 2024. the capital investment is expected to include a renovation and full interior and exterior redesign, updated casino floor, new culinary experiences and a new 340-room hotel tower as we are also in the process of rebranding the property as caesars new orleans. the project has a current capital plan of approximately $430 million as of december 31, 2022. total capital expenditures have been $112 million since the project began.
on august 27, 2020, hurricane laura made landfall on lake charles as a category 4 storm, severely damaged the isle of capri casino hotel lake charles. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we reached a final settlement agreement with the insurance carriers for a total amount of $128 million, before our insurance deductible of $25 million. we have received a total of $103 million related to damaged fixed assets, remediation costs and business interruption. the construction of our new land-based casino horseshoe lake charles was completed and reopened in december 2022.
cash spent for capital expenditures totaled $952 million, $520 million, $164 million for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to our growth, renovation, maintenance, and other capital projects. the following table summarizes our estimates for 2023 capital expenditures:
(in millions)                                                               low                     high atlantic city                                                          $118                     $118
indiana racing operations                                                 -                       10
total estimated capital expenditures from restricted cash               118                      128
growth and renovation projects                                          445                      465
caesars digital                                                         105                      115
maintenance projects                                                    250                      310
total estimated capital expenditures from unrestricted cash             800                      890
caesars virginia (a)                                                    200                      285
total                                                                $1,118                   $1,303
___________________
(a)we expect to receive approximately $200 million from the combination of our temporary casino operations and contributions from our joint venture partners to support the development of caesars virginia.
a significant portion of our liquidity needs are for debt service and payments associated with our leases. our estimated debt service (including principal and interest) is approximately $1.0 billion for 2023. we also lease certain real property assets from third parties, including vici and glpi. our leases with vici are subject to annual escalations based on the consumer price index ("cpi"). the increase in the cpi over the prior year resulted in an increase in our annual lease payments to vici, which took effect in november 2022. we estimate our lease payments to vici and glpi to be approximately $1.3 billion for 2023.
we have periodically divested assets to raise capital or, in previous cases, to comply with conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions imposed by antitrust, gaming and other regulatory entities. in addition to the divestiture of william hill international, as described above, on may 5, 2022, we consummated the sale of the equity interests of baton rouge to cq holding company, inc.
on april 6, 2021, the company consummated the sale of the equity interests of montbleu for $15 million. the purchase price was collected in april 2022.
if the agreed upon selling price for future divestitures does not exceed the carrying value of the assets, we may be required to record additional impairment charges in future periods which may be material.
we expect that our current liquidity, cash flows from operations, availability of borrowings under committed credit facilities and proceeds from the announced asset sales will be sufficient to fund our operations, capital requirements and service our outstanding indebtedness for the next twelve months.
debt and master lease covenant compliance the senior credit facilities, the baltimore term loan, the baltimore revolving credit facility and the indentures related to the cei senior secured notes, the cei senior notes due 2027, the crc senior secured notes and the cei senior notes due 2029 contain covenants which are standard and customary for these types of agreements. these include negative covenants, which, subject to certain exceptions and baskets, limit our ability to (among other items) incur additional indebtedness, make investments, make restricted payments, including dividends, grant liens, sell assets and make acquisitions.
the amended cei revolving credit facility and the cei term loan a include a maximum net total leverage ratio financial covenant of 7.25:1 until december 31, 2024 and 6.50:1 from and after december 31, 2024. in addition, the amended cei revolving credit facility and the cei term loan a include a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio financial covenant of 1.75:1 until december 31, 2024 and 2.00:1 from and after december 31, 2024. from and after the repayment of the cei term loan a, the financial covenants applicable to the amended cei revolving credit facility will be tested solely to the extent that certain testing conditions are satisfied. the baltimore revolving credit facility includes a net senior secured leverage ratio financial covenant of 5.0:1. failure to comply with such covenants could result in an acceleration of the maturity of indebtedness outstanding under the relevant debt document.
the glpi leases and vici leases contain certain covenants requiring minimum capital expenditures based on a percentage of net revenues along with maintaining certain financial ratios.
as of december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of the applicable financial covenants described above.
share repurchase program on november 8, 2018, our board of directors authorized a $150 million common stock repurchase program (the "share repurchase program") pursuant to which we may, from time to time, repurchase shares of common stock on the open market (either with or without a 10b5-1 plan) or through privately negotiated transactions. the share repurchase program has no time limit and may be suspended or discontinued at any time without notice. there is no minimum number of shares of common stock that we are required to repurchase under the share repurchase program.
as of december 31, 2022, we have acquired 223,823 shares of common stock under the program at an aggregate value of $9 million and an average of $40.80 per share. no shares were repurchased during the years ended december 31, 2022 or 2021.
debt obligations and leases baltimore term loan and baltimore revolving credit facility as a result of our increased ownership interest in horseshoe baltimore, we began to consolidate the aggregate principal amount of horseshoe baltimore's senior secured term loan facility (the "baltimore term loan") and amount outstanding, if any, under horseshoe baltimore's senior secured revolving credit facility (the "baltimore revolving credit facility"). the baltimore term loan matures in july 2024 and is subject to a variable rate of interest calculated as libor plus 4.00%. the baltimore revolving credit facility has borrowing capacity of up to $10 million, subject to a variable rate of interest calculated as term sofr plus 4.00% subject to one 0.25% step-down based on senior secured leverage ratio, the ratio of first lien senior secured net debt to adjusted ebitda. on june 24, 2022, we entered into an amendment related to the baltimore revolving credit facility to extend the maturity date to july 7, 2023. as of december 31, 2022, there was $10 million of available borrowing capacity under the baltimore revolving credit facility. on november 14, 2022, we made partial prepayment of $10 million of the outstanding principal balance of the baltimore term loan.
crc term loans and crc revolving credit facility the crc term loan, the crc incremental term loan and the crc revolving credit facility were subject to the terms described below prior to termination or repayment. the crc revolving credit facility was terminated in october 2022 and on february 6, 2023, the company repaid the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan with proceeds from a new cei term loan b and new cei senior secured notes, both due 2030. see "subsequent amendment to the cei credit agreement and issuance of new senior secured notes" below.
crc was party to a credit agreement, dated as of december 22, 2017 (as amended, the "crc credit agreement"), which provided for a $1.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility (the "crc revolving credit facility") an initial $4.7 billion seven-year senior secured term loan (the "crc term loan"), and an incremental $1.8 billion five-year senior secured term loan that was incurred in connection with the merger (the "crc incremental term loan").
the crc term loan had a maturity date in december 2024 and the crc incremental term loan had a maturity date in july 2025. the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan required scheduled quarterly principal payments in amounts equal to 0.25% of the original aggregate principal amount, with the balances due at maturity. the crc credit agreement also included customary voluntary and mandatory prepayment provisions, subject to certain exceptions.
the crc revolving credit facility contained a maturity date in december 2022 and included a $400 million letter of credit sub-facility.
borrowings under the crc credit agreement were subject to interest at a rate equal to either (a) libor adjusted for certain additional costs, subject to a floor of 0% or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (ii) the prime rate as determined by credit suisse ag, cayman islands branch, as administrative agent under the crc credit agreement and (iii) the one-month adjusted libor rate plus 1.00%, in each case plus an applicable margin. such applicable margin shall be (a) with respect to the crc term loan, 2.75% per annum in the case of any libor loan or 1.75% per annum in the case of any base rate loan, and (b) with respect to the crc incremental term loan, 3.50% per annum in the case of any libor loan or 2.50% in the case of any base rate loan. the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan were libor based loans as of december 31, 2022.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, the company utilized and fully repaid borrowings on the crc revolving credit facility, prior to its termination. additionally, the company made several partial prepayments of outstanding principal of the crc term loan utilizing operating cash flows totaling $300 million, excluding the prepayments resulting from the proceeds of the cei term loan a described below, and recognized a related $16 million loss on the early extinguishment of debt during the year ended december 31, 2022.
following the closing of the sale of william hill international, we utilized the proceeds from the sale, as well as cash on hand to make partial prepayments totaling $755 million of the outstanding principal of the crc incremental term loan and recognized a $27 million loss on the early extinguishment of debt during the year ended december 31, 2022.
on october 5, 2022, in connection with the third amendment (as defined below) to the cei credit agreement, we utilized the entire proceeds of a new $750 million cei term loan a (as defined below) to make a partial prepayment of the outstanding principal of the crc term loan, as well as terminate the crc revolving credit facility. as a result of the partial prepayment, we recognized a $41 million loss on the early extinguishment of debt. see below.
cei term loan a and cei revolving credit facility cei is party to a credit agreement, dated as of july 20, 2020, with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, u.s. bank national association, as collateral agent, and certain banks and other financial institutions and lenders party thereto (the "cei credit agreement") which provided for a five-year cei revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.2 billion (the "cei revolving credit facility"). the cei revolving credit facility contained reserves of $190 million which are available only for certain permitted uses. on may 23, 2022, the company obtained approval for a reduction of $150 million in required reserves. prior to the amendment described below, the cei revolving credit facility was scheduled to mature in july 2025 and included a letter of credit sub-facility of $250 million.
prior to the third amendment (as defined below) of the cei credit agreement on october 5, 2022, the interest rate per annum applicable under the cei revolving credit facility, at the company's option is either (a) libor adjusted for certain additional costs, subject to a floor of 0% or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (ii) rate of interest per annum last quoted by the wall street journal as the "prime rate" in the united states and (iii) the one-month adjusted libor rate plus 1.00%, in each case plus an applicable margin. such applicable margin was 3.25% per annum in the case of any libor loan and 2.25% per annum in the case of any base rate loan, subject to three 0.25% step-downs based on the company's net total leverage ratio.
additionally, prior to the third amendment (as defined below) of the cei credit agreement, we were required to pay a commitment fee in respect of any unused commitments under the cei revolving credit facility in the amount of 0.50% per annum, subject to a step-down to 0.375% per annum based upon the company's net total leverage ratio. we were also required to pay customary agency fees as well as letter of credit participation fees computed at a rate per annum equal to the applicable margin for libor borrowings on the dollar equivalent of the daily stated amount of outstanding letters of credit, plus such letter of credit issuer's customary documentary and processing fees and charges and a fronting fee in an amount equal to 0.125% per annum of the daily stated amount of such letter of credit.
on october 5, 2022, caesars entered into a third amendment to the cei credit agreement pursuant to which the company (a) incurred a senior secured term loan in an aggregate principal amount of $750 million (the "cei term loan a") as a new term loan under the credit agreement, (b) amended and extended the cei revolving credit facility under the cei credit agreement (the cei revolving credit facility, as so amended, the "amended cei revolving credit facility" and, together with the cei term loan a, the "senior credit facilities"), (c) increased the aggregate principal amount of the cei revolving credit facility to $2.25 billion, and (d) made certain other amendments to the cei credit agreement. both the amended cei revolving credit facility and the new cei term loan a mature on january 31, 2028, subject to a springing maturity in the event certain other long-term debt of caesars is not extended or repaid. the amended cei revolving credit facility includes a letter of credit sub-facility of $388 million. the cei term loan a requires scheduled quarterly payments in amounts equal to 1.25% of the original aggregate principal amount of the cei term loan a, with the balance payable at maturity. the company may make voluntary prepayments of the cei term loan a at any time prior to maturity at par.
borrowings under the senior credit facilities bear interest at a rate equal to, at the company's option, either (a) a forward-looking term rate based on the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") for the applicable interest period plus an adjustment of 0.10% per annum ("adjusted term sofr"), subject to a floor of 0% or (b) a base rate (the "base rate") determined by reference to the highest of (i) the rate of interest per annum last quoted by the wall street journal as the "prime rate" in the united states, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% per annum and (iii) the one-month adjusted term sofr plus 1.00% per annum, in each case, plus an applicable margin. such applicable margin is 2.25% per annum in the case of any adjusted term sofr loan and 1.25% per annum in the case of any base rate loan, subject to three 0.25% step-downs based on the company's net total leverage ratio. in addition, on a quarterly basis, the company is required to pay each lender under the amended cei revolving credit facility a commitment fee in respect of any unused commitments under the amended cei revolving credit facility in the amount of 0.35% per annum of the principal amount of the unused commitments of such lender, subject to three 0.05% step-downs based on the company's net total leverage ratio.
as a december 31, 2022, we had $2.1 billion of available borrowing capacity under the amended cei revolving credit facility, after consideration of $82 million in outstanding letters of credit, $48 million committed for regulatory purposes and the reserves described above.
subsequent amendment to the cei credit agreement and issuance of new senior secured notes on february 6, 2023, the company issued new $2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 7.00% senior secured notes (the "cei senior secured notes due 2030") pursuant to an indenture by and among the company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto from time to time, u.s. bank trust company, national association, as trustee, and u.s. bank national association, as collateral agent. the cei senior secured notes due 2030 rank equally with all existing and future first-priority lien obligations of the company and the subsidiary guarantors. the cei senior secured notes due 2030 will mature in february 2030, with interest paid semi-annually on february 15 and august 15 of each year, commencing august 15, 2023.
additionally, on february 6, 2023, caesars entered into an incremental assumption agreement no. 2 pursuant to which the company incurred a new senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $2.5 billion (the "cei term loan b") as a new term loan under the cei credit agreement. the cei term loan b was issued at a price of 99.0% of the principal amount and will mature in february 2030. interest under the cei term loan b is based on the forward looking sofr plus an adjustment of 0.10%, subject to a floor of 0.50%, plus an applicable margin of 3.25% which is subject to one 0.25% step-down based on the company's net total leverage ratio.
the net proceeds from the issuance of the cei senior secured notes due 2030 and the net proceeds from the cei term loan b, were used to repay the outstanding principal balance, including accrued and unpaid interest, of both the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan. the remaining net proceeds were to be used to pay related fees, or for general corporate use. upon the termination of the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan, the company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately $200 million.
crc senior secured notes due 2025
on july 6, 2020, colt merger sub, inc. (the "escrow issuer") issued $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 5.75% senior secured notes due 2025 pursuant to an indenture, dated july 6, 2020 (the "crc senior secured notes"), by and among the escrow issuer, u.s. bank national association, as trustee and credit suisse ag, cayman islands branch, as collateral agent. in connection with the consummation of the merger, crc assumed the rights and obligations under the crc senior secured notes and the indenture governing such notes. the crc senior secured notes rank equally with all existing and future first priority lien obligations of crc, crc finco, inc. and the subsidiary guarantors. the crc senior secured notes will mature on july 1, 2025 with interest payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on january 1 and july 1 of each year. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we purchased a total of $11 million in principal amount of the crc senior secured notes.
cei senior secured notes due 2025
on july 6, 2020, the escrow issuer issued $3.4 billion in aggregate principal amount of 6.25% senior secured notes due 2025 pursuant to an indenture dated july 6, 2020 (the "cei senior secured notes"), by and among the escrow issuer, u.s. bank national association, as trustee, and u.s. bank national association, as collateral agent. the company assumed the rights and obligations under the cei senior secured notes and the indenture governing such notes on july 20, 2020. the cei senior secured notes rank equally with all existing and future first-priority lien obligations of the company and the subsidiary guarantors. the cei senior secured notes will mature on july 1, 2025 with interest payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on january 1 and july 1 of each year.
convention center mortgage loan on september 18, 2020, we entered into a loan agreement with vici to borrow a 5-year, $400 million forum convention center mortgage loan (the "mortgage loan"). the mortgage loan bears interest at a rate of, initially, 7.7% per annum, which escalates annually on the anniversary of the closing date to a maximum interest rate of 8.3% per annum.
cei senior notes due 2027
on july 6, 2020, the escrow issuer issued $1.8 billion in aggregate principal amount of 8.125% senior notes due 2027 pursuant to an indenture, dated july 6, 2020 (the "cei senior notes due 2027"), by and between the escrow issuer and u.s. bank national association, as trustee. we assumed the rights and obligations under the cei senior notes due 2027 and the indenture governing such notes on july 20, 2020. the cei senior notes due 2027 rank equally with all existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness of the company and the subsidiary guarantors. the cei senior notes due 2027 will mature on july 1, 2027 with interest payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on january 1 and july 1 of each year. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we purchased a total of $89 million in principal amount of the cei senior notes due 2027.
cei senior notes due 2029
on september 24, 2021, we issued $1.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior notes due 2029 (the "cei senior notes due 2029") pursuant to an indenture dated as of september 24, 2021 between the company and u.s. bank national association, as trustee. the cei senior notes due 2029 rank equally with all existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness of the company and the subsidiary guarantors. the cei senior notes due 2029 will mature on october 15, 2029 with interest payable on april 15 and october 15 of each year, which began on april 15, 2022.
vici leases cei leases certain real property assets from vici under the following agreements: (i) for a portfolio of properties located throughout the united states (the "regional lease"), (ii) for caesars palace las vegas and harrah's las vegas (the "las vegas lease"), and (iii) for harrah's joliet hotel & casino (the "joliet lease"). the lease agreements, inclusive of all amendments, include (i) a 15-year initial term with four five-year renewal options, (ii) annual fixed rent payments of $1.1 billion, subject to annual escalation provisions based on the cpi and a 2% floor commencing in lease year two of the initial term and (iii) a variable element based on net revenues of the underlying leased properties, commencing in lease year eight of the initial term.
the regional lease includes a put-call option whereby the company may require vici to purchase and lease back (as lessor) or whereby vici may require the company to sell to vici and lease back (as lessee) the real estate components of the gaming and racetrack facilities of harrah's hoosier park racing & casino and indiana grand ("centaur properties"). election to exercise the option by either party must be made during the election period beginning january 1, 2022 and ending december 31, 2024. upon either party exercising their option, the centaur properties would be sold at a price in accordance with the agreement and leased back to cei in accordance to the pre-existing terms of the regional lease.
our vici leases are accounted for as a financing obligation and totaled $11.3 billion as of december 31, 2022. see note 10 to our financial statements for additional information about our vici leases and related matters.
glpi leases the glpi master lease, encompassing a portfolio of properties within the united states, provides for the lease of land, buildings, structures and other improvements on the land (including barges and riverboats), easements and similar appurtenances to the land and improvements relating to the operation of the leased properties. the glpi master lease, inclusive of all amendments, provides for (i) an initial term of 20 years (through september 2038), with four five-year renewals at the company's option, (ii) annual land and building base rent of $24 million and $63 million, (iii) escalating provisions of building base rent equal to 101.25% of the rent for the preceding year for lease years five and six, 101.75% for lease years seven and eight and 102% for each lease year thereafter and (iv) relief from the operating, capital expenditure and financial covenants in the event of involuntary closures.
the lumière lease was entered into by the company and glpi, whereby the company sold the real estate underlying horseshoe st. louis, formerly known as lumière, to glpi and leased back the property under a long-term financing obligation. the lumière lease, inclusive of all amendments, provides for (i) an initial term commencing on september 29, 2020 and ending on october 31, 2033, (ii) four five-year renewal options, (iii) annual rent payments of $23 million, (iv) escalation provisions commencing in lease year two equal to 101.25% of the rent for the preceding year for lease years two through five, 101.75% for lease years six and seven and 102% for each lease year thereafter, (v) maintaining a minimum of 1.20:1 adjusted revenue to rent ratio and (vi) certain relief under the financial covenant in the event of involuntary closures.
the glpi leases are accounted for as financing obligations and totaled $1.2 billion as of december 31, 2022. see note 10 to our financial statements for additional information about our glpi leases and related matters.
other liquidity matters we are faced with certain contingencies, from time to time, involving litigation, claims, assessments, environmental remediation or compliance. these commitments and contingencies are discussed in greater detail in "part i, item 3. legal proceedings" and note 11 to our financial statements, both of which are included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. in addition, new competition among retail and online operations may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and could have a similar adverse effect on our liquidity. see "part i, item 1a. risk factors-risks related to our business" which is included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates we prepare our financial statements in conformity with gaap. in preparing our financial statements, we have made our best estimates and judgments of the amounts and disclosures included in the financial statements, giving regard to materiality. when more than one accounting principle, or method of its application, is generally accepted, we select the principle or method that we consider to be the most appropriate under specific circumstances. application of these accounting principles requires us to make estimates about the future resolution of existing uncertainties. certain of our accounting policies, including those in connection with business combinations, income taxes, goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets, long-lived assets, allowance for doubtful accounts related to certain gaming receivables, self-insurance reserves, and litigation, claims and assessments require that we apply significant judgment in defining the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates.
we consider accounting estimates to be critical accounting policies when:
•the estimates involve matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made; and
•different estimates or changes to estimates could have a material impact on the reported financial position, changes in financial position, or results of operations.
by their nature, these judgments and estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. our judgments and estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, observance of trends in the industry, information gathered from customer behavior, and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. due to the inherent uncertainty involving judgments and estimates, actual results may differ from those estimates.
our most critical accounting estimates and assumptions are in the following areas:
business combinations we applied the provisions of accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 805, "business combinations," in the accounting for our acquisitions of former caesars, william hill plc, and our additional interest in horseshoe baltimore. it required us to recognize the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values, which were determined using market, income, and cost approaches, or a combination. goodwill as of the respective acquisition dates was measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. goodwill is generally the result of expected synergies of the combined company or an assembled workforce.
indefinite-lived intangible assets acquired primarily include trademarks, caesars rewards acquired in the merger and gaming rights. the fair value for these intangible assets was determined using either the relief from royalty method and excess earnings method under the income approach or a replacement cost market approach.
acquired trademarks, developed technology and caesars rewards were valued using the relief from royalty method, which presumes that without ownership of such trademarks, technology, or loyalty program, we would have to make a stream of payments to a third party in return for the right to use their name, technology, or program. by virtue of this asset, we avoid any such payments and record the related intangible value of the company's ownership of the brand name, technology, or program.
customer relationships were valued using the cost approach and the incremental cash flow method under the income approach. the incremental cash flow method compares the prospective cash flows with and without the customer relationships in place to estimate the fair value of the customer relationships, with the fair value assumed to be equal to the discounted cash flows of the business that would be lost if the customer relationships were not in place and needed to be replaced.
gaming rights include our gaming licenses in various jurisdictions and may have indefinite lives or an estimated useful life. the fair value of the gaming rights was determined using the excess earnings or replacement cost methodology, based on whether the license resides in gaming jurisdictions where competition is limited to a specified number of licensed gaming operators. the excess earnings methodology is an income approach that estimates the projected cash flows of the business attributable to the gaming license intangible asset, which is net of charges for the use of other identifiable assets of the business including working capital, fixed assets and other intangible assets. the replacement cost of the gaming license was used as an indicator of fair value.
trade receivables and payables and other current and noncurrent assets and liabilities were valued at the existing carrying values as they represented the estimated fair value of those items at the acquisition date. assets and liabilities held for sale were recorded at fair value, less costs to sell, based on the agreements reached as of the acquisition date, or an income approach.
the fair value of the financing obligations was calculated as the net present value of both the fixed base rent payments and the forecasted variable payments plus the expected residual value of the land and building returned at the end of the expected usage period.
reacquired rights were valued using the excess earnings method that reflects the present value of the future profit william hill expected to earn over the remaining term of the contract, adjusted for returns of other assets that contribute to the generation of this profit, such as working capital, fixed assets and other intangible assets. the forecasted profit used within the valuation was adjusted for the settlement of the preexisting relationship as a component of the purchase consideration.
fair value of land was determined using the sales comparable approach. the market data is then adjusted for any significant differences, to the extent known, between the identified comparable sites and the site being valued. the value of building and site improvements was estimated via the income approach. other personal property assets such as furniture, gaming and computer equipment, fixtures, computer software, and restaurant equipment were valued using the cost approach which is based on replacement or reproduction costs of the asset. the cost approach is an estimation of fair value developed by computing the current cost of replacing a property and subtracting any depreciation resulting from one or more of the following factors: physical deterioration, functional obsolescence, and/or economic obsolescence.
assets and liabilities which are designated as held for sale on an acquisition date are also measured at fair value, utilizing similar market, income and cost approaches described above, based on the underlying asset class held for sale.
cash flow estimates are significant to many valuations described above and may include forecasts with assumptions regarding factors such as recent and budgeted operating performance, future growth rates, and the determination of appropriate discount rates to estimate fair value. these inputs involve significant assumptions including the future effects of covid-19 as well as the realization of synergies anticipated from a business combination, which may not be realized as projected. certain assumptions may be beyond our control.
income taxes we and our subsidiaries file income tax returns with federal, state and foreign jurisdictions. our income tax returns are subject to examination by the internal revenue service ("irs") and other tax authorities. positions taken in tax returns are sometimes subject to uncertainty in the tax laws and may not ultimately be accepted by the irs or other tax authorities. see note 17 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the status and impact of examinations by tax authorities.
we record income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and as attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. we reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed periodically based on the "more likely than not" realization threshold. this assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency, and severity of current and cumulative losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, our experience with operating loss and tax credit carryforwards not expiring unused, and tax planning alternatives.
when there is a recent history of operating losses and negative normalized earnings and a return to operating profitability has not yet been demonstrated, we cannot rely on projections of future taxable earnings for purposes of assessing recoverability of our deferred tax assets. in such cases, we use systematic and logical methods to estimate when deferred tax liabilities will reverse and generate taxable income and when deferred tax assets will reverse and generate tax deductions. our most significant deferred tax asset relates to the failed sale-leaseback obligation with vici and glpi (see note 10). the reversal of this deferred tax asset requires judgment and estimates and has a material impact on the determination of the amount of valuation allowance required.
as of december 31, 2022, the company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of $1.9 billion and $9.2 billion, respectively and federal general business tax credit and research tax credit carryforwards of $129 million, which will expire on various dates as follows:
year of expiration                                   net operating losses                tax credits
(in millions)                     federal                          states                    federal
2023-2027                          -        530                                              -
2028-2032                        914                           1,376                        39
2033-2042                        589                           5,030                        90
do not expire                    437                           2,219                         -
$1,940                          $9,155                      $129
as of december 31, 2022, total federal and state deferred tax assets are $4.2 billion of which we believe it is more likely than not that a portion of the associated benefit will not be realized and, as a result, we have provided for a valuation allowance of $1.8 billion. however, we have recently observed positive trends in our operating results and if these trends continue, in the foreseeable future we may determine that we will be able to realize a significant portion of these deferred tax assets. a future reversal of the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets could result in an income tax benefit of $0.9 billion to $1.2 billion.
under the applicable accounting standards, we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. the accounting standards also provide guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and disclosure requirements for uncertain tax positions.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets assessing goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment is a process that requires significant judgment and involves detailed qualitative and quantitative business-specific analysis and many individual assumptions which fluctuate between assessments.
we determine the estimated fair value of each reporting unit based on a combination of ebitda, valuation multiples, and estimated future cash flows discounted at rates commensurate with the capital structure and cost of capital of comparable market participants, giving appropriate consideration to the prevailing borrowing rates within the casino industry in general. we also evaluate the aggregate fair value of all of our reporting units and other non-operating assets in comparison to our aggregate debt and equity market capitalization at the test date. ebitda multiples and discounted cash flows are common measures used to value businesses in our industry.
we determine the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets using either the relief from royalty method or the excess earnings method under the income approach or replacement cost market approach. the determination of fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets requires management to make significant assumptions and estimates around the forecasts as well as the selection of discount rates and valuation multiples. changes in these estimates could have a significant impact on the fair value of our reporting units, intangible assets and result in potential impairment.
forecasts and the determination of appropriate discount rates and valuation multiples used to determine the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets involves significant assumptions and estimates. assumptions include those used to assess future effects of covid-19 as well as the realization of synergies anticipated from acquisitions which may not be realized at the projected rate.
we completed our annual impairment tests as of october 1, 2022. the estimated fair values of certain of our indefinite lived intangible assets and reporting units decreased primarily due to an increase in the related discount rates, which represents the higher required cost of capital as a result of the macroeconomic environment and projected outlook. accordingly, we identified one reporting unit with which the estimated fair value of the associated gaming rights was less than the carrying value and we recorded an impairment of $30 million. in addition, we identified two reporting units with which the estimated fair value of the respective reporting unit was below the carrying value and we recorded a total impairment of $78 million to goodwill. these reporting units are all within the regional segment.
as of october 1, 2022, one reporting unit in the las vegas segment and four reporting units in the regional segment with goodwill totaling $625 million and $1.1 billion, respectively, had fair values that did not significantly exceed their respective carrying values. in addition, we identified trademarks totaling $286 million in the las vegas segment, $180 million in the caesars digital segment, and gaming rights totaling $173 million in the regional segment that do not significantly exceed their respective carrying values. the reporting units and indefinite lived intangible assets with carrying values that do not significantly exceed their estimated fair values are primarily assets acquired in the merger when our discount rate was approximately 9.5%. the discount rate used in our annual impairment testing as of october 1, 2022 was approximately 11.5%. to the extent gaming volumes deteriorate in the near future, discount rates increase significantly, or we do not meet our projected performance, we may recognize further impairments, and such impairments could be material. the discount rate represents the most sensitive input in our estimates and an increase of 1% to the discount rate would result in additional impairments of approximately $125 million on the assets that do not significantly exceed their carrying values. in addition, $468 million of goodwill within our regional segment is associated with reporting units with zero or negative carrying value. see note 7 for additional information.
long-lived assets we have significant capital invested in our long-lived assets, and judgments are made in determining the estimated useful lives of assets, salvage values to be assigned to assets, and if or when an asset has been impaired. the accuracy of these estimates affects the amount of depreciation and amortization expense recognized in our financial results and whether we have a gain or loss on the disposal of an asset. we assign lives to our assets based on our standard policy, which is established by management as representative of the useful life of each category of asset. we review the carrying value of our long-lived assets whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. the factors considered by management in performing this assessment include current operating results, trends and prospects, planned construction and renovation projects, as well as the effect of obsolescence, demand, competition, and other economic, legal, and regulatory factors. in estimating expected future cash flows for determining whether an asset is impaired, assets are grouped at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which, for most of our assets, is the individual property. see note 6 for additional information.
allowance for doubtful accounts - gaming we reserve an estimated amount for gaming receivables that may not be collected to reduce the company's receivables to their net carrying amount. methodologies for estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts range from specific reserves to various percentages applied to aged receivables. historical collection rates and reasonable forecasts are considered, as are customer relationships, in determining specific reserves to reflect current expected credit loss. as with many estimates, management must make judgments about potential actions by third parties in establishing and evaluating our reserves for allowance for doubtful accounts. as of december 31, 2022, a 5% increase or decrease to the allowance determined based on a percentage of aged receivables would change the reserve by approximately $15 million.
self-insurance reserves we are self-insured for various levels of general liability, employee medical insurance coverage and workers' compensation coverage. insurance claims and reserves include accruals of estimated settlements for known claims, as well as accruals of estimates for claims incurred but not yet reported. we utilize independent consultants to assist management in its determination of estimated insurance liabilities. while the total cost of claims incurred depends on future developments, in managements' opinion, recorded reserves are adequate to cover future claims payments. self-insurance reserves for employee medical claims, workers' compensations and general liability claims are included self-insurance claims and reserves within accrued other liabilities on the balance sheets.
the assumptions, including those related to the covid-19 public health emergency, utilized by our actuaries are subject to significant uncertainty and if outcomes differ from these assumptions or events develop or progress in a negative manner, the company could experience a material adverse effect and additional liabilities may be recorded in the future.
litigation, claims and assessments we utilize estimates for litigation, claims and assessments. these estimates are based on our knowledge and experience regarding current and past events, as well as assumptions about future events. if our assessment of such a matter should change, we may have to change the estimates, which may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. actual results could differ from these estimates.
recently issued accounting pronouncements for information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements and the impact of these pronouncements on our financial statements, see note 2, summary of significant accounting policies - recently issued accounting pronouncements, in the notes.
