item 1a.    risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks described below and all of the other information in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating us. our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. the trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks. this annual report on form 10-k also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements," which immediately follows the risks below.
summary the following is a summary of the most important risks that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations, and should be read together with the more detailed description of risks that follow:
•economic and regulatory: as a consumer financial services and payment services company, we are subject to risks stemming from new laws and regulations and an uncertain economic environment.
•strategic: we must successfully compete against firms that are larger than we are and have more resources than we do as well as firms that are smaller and potentially disruptive to our industry as we manage the unique risks associated with each of our product offerings.
•credit, market and liquidity: we must effectively manage our desire to grow our loan portfolio against the risk that those loans will not be repaid, while ensuring that we manage the underlying cost of the funds we use to make those loans and sources of funding we rely on to fund those loans.
•operational and other risks: we must remain operationally effective and manage operational and reputational risks such as fraud and cybersecurity, while continuing to monitor and effectively respond to an external environment that may negatively impact the utilization or desirability of our products and services.
current economic and regulatory environment economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
as a provider of consumer financial services, our business, results of operations and financial condition are subject to the u.s. and global economic environment. a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be impacted by not only economic conditions but also a customer's other payment obligations.
economic conditions also can reduce the usage of credit cards in general and the average purchase amount of transactions industry-wide, including our cards, which reduces interest income and transaction fees. we rely heavily on interest income from our credit card business to generate earnings. our interest income from credit card loans was $10.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, which was 80% of net revenues (defined as net interest income plus other income), compared to $8.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, which was 72% of net revenues. economic conditions combined with a competitive marketplace could slow loan growth, resulting in reduced revenue growth from our core digital banking business.
financial regulatory developments have had an impact and will continue to significantly impact the environment for the financial services industry, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the final rules implementing the tailoring requirements of 2018's egrrcpa became effective in december 2019. under the final rules, dfs is considered a category iv institution and therefore subject to the least stringent category of enhanced prudential standards for domestic bank holding companies with at least $100 billion in total assets. however, many of the core components of the regulations implementing enhanced prudential standards remain in place. since 2020, dfs has been subject to slightly more tailored requirements for capital stress testing, liquidity risk management and resolution planning.
meanwhile, the majority of the provisions of the dodd-frank act were unchanged by the egrrcpa and remain in effect, including provisions governing the practices and oversight of institutions engaged in financial services activities. the impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of
-26-
factors, including (i) the legislative priorities of the u.s. congress, (ii) priorities and actions of the federal reserve, fdic and consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb"), (iii) implications resulting from our competitors and other marketplace participants and (iv) changing consumer behavior. for additional information regarding bank regulatory matters impacting us, see "business - supervision and regulation."
regulatory and legislative developments, findings and actions have had and could continue to have a negative impact on our business strategies or require us to: limit, exit or modify our business practices and product offerings; restructure our products in unanticipated ways; invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts; limit the fees we charge for services; impact the value of our assets; or limit our ability to pursue certain innovations and business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments." furthermore, see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on recent matters affecting us. it is possible that any new regulatory measures or legislation may disproportionately affect us due to our size, structure or product offerings, among other things.
compliance expectations and expenditures have steadily and significantly increased for us and the same is true for other financial services firms, and we expect this trend to continue as regulators escalate their focus on adequacy of controls to support business operations. we may face compliance and regulatory risks if we introduce new or changed products and services or enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers, or other industry participants. heightened regulatory expectations and increased volume of regulatory changes may generate additional expenses or require significant time and resources to maintain compliance.
for more information regarding the regulatory environment and developments potentially impacting us, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments."
strategic business risk we face competition in the credit card market from other consumer financial services providers and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in fewer customers and lower account balances and could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
the consumer financial services business is highly competitive. we compete with other consumer financial services providers, including non-traditional providers of financing and payment services such as financial technology firms, based on several factors, including brand, reputation, customer service, product offerings, incentives, pricing, e-commerce and digital wallet participation and other terms. competition in credit cards is also based on merchant acceptance and the value provided to the customer by rewards programs and other innovations. many credit card issuers have instituted rewards programs that are similar to ours and, in some cases, could be viewed as more attractive to customers than our programs. these competitive factors affect our ability to attract and retain customers, increase usage of our products and maximize the revenue generated by our products. in addition, because most domestically-issued credit cards, other than those issued by american express, are issued on the visa and mastercard networks, most other card issuers benefit from the dominant position and marketing and pricing power of visa and mastercard. the competitive marketplace could result in slower loan growth, resulting in reduced revenue growth from our core digital banking business. if we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take aggressive actions in response to competitors' actions, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we incur considerable costs in competing with other consumer financial services providers and many of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our financial results.
we incur considerable costs in competing with other consumer financial services providers to attract and retain customers and increase usage of our products. a substantial portion of this cost relates to marketing expenditures and rewards programs. since 2013 our rewards rate, which represents rewards cost divided by discover card sales volume, has increased from less than 1% to 1.41% in 2022. we expect the competitive intensity in the rewards space to continue, which could result in a continued increase in the cost of our rewards programs. our consumer financial services products compete primarily based on pricing, terms and service. because of the highly competitive nature of the credit card-issuing business, a primary method of competition among credit card issuers, including us, has been to offer rewards programs, low introductory interest rates, attractive standard purchase rates and balance transfer programs
-27-
that offer a favorable annual percentage rate or other financial incentives for a specified length of time on account balances transferred from another credit card.
competition is intense in the credit card industry and customers may frequently switch credit cards or transfer their balances to another card. we expect to continue to invest in initiatives to remain competitive in the consumer financial services industry, including the launch of new cards and features, brand awareness initiatives, targeted marketing, online and mobile enhancements, e-wallet participation, customer service improvements, credit risk management and operations enhancements and infrastructure efficiencies. however, there can be no assurance that any of the costs we incur or incentives we offer to attempt to acquire and maintain accounts and increase usage of our products will be effective. in addition, to the extent that we offer new products, features or services to remain competitive, we may be subject to increased operational or other risks.
furthermore, many of our competitors are larger than we are, have greater financial resources than we do, have more breadth in banking products, have lower funding costs than we have and expect to have and have assets, such as branch locations and co-brand relationships, that may be appealing to certain customers. for example, larger credit card issuers, which have greater resources than we do, may be better positioned to fund appealing rewards, marketing and advertising programs. we may be at a competitive disadvantage as a result of the greater financial resources, diversification and scale of many of our competitors.
our costs directly affect our earnings results. many factors can influence the amount of our costs, as well as how quickly it may increase. our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate newly-acquired businesses and establish scalable operations, increase our costs. in addition, as our business develops, changes or expands, additional costs can arise as a result of a reevaluation of business strategies, management of outsourced services, asset purchases, structural reorganization, compliance with new laws or regulations or the acquisition of new businesses. if we are unable to manage our costs successfully, our financial results will be negatively affected.
the inability to compete against other operators of payment networks and alternative payment providers could result in reduced transaction volume, limited merchant acceptance of our cards, limited issuance of cards on our networks by third parties and materially reduced earnings from our payment services business.
we face substantial and increasingly intense competition in the payments industry, both from traditional players and new, emerging alternative payment providers. for example, we compete with other payment networks to attract network partners to issue credit and debit cards and other card products on the discover, pulse and diners club networks, collectively the discover global network. competition with other operators of payment networks is generally based on issuer fees, fees paid to networks (including switch fees), merchant acceptance, network size and functionality, technological capabilities and other economic terms. competition is also based on customer perception of service quality, brand image, reputation and market share. further, we are facing ongoing competition from alternative payment providers, who may create innovative network or other arrangements with our primary competitors, large merchants or other industry participants, which could adversely impact our costs, transaction volume and ability to grow our business.
many of our competitors are well established, larger than we are and/or have greater financial resources or scale than we do. these competitors have provided financial incentives to card issuers, such as large cash signing bonuses for new programs, funding for and sponsorship of marketing programs and other bonuses. visa and mastercard each enjoy greater merchant acceptance and broader global brand recognition than we do. although we have made progress in merchant acceptance, we have not achieved global market parity with visa and mastercard. in addition, visa and mastercard have entered into long-term arrangements with many financial institutions that may have the effect of discouraging those institutions from issuing cards on the discover network or issuing debit cards on the pulse network. some of these arrangements are exclusive, or nearly exclusive, which further limits our ability to conduct material amounts of business with these institutions. if we are unable to remain competitive on issuer fees and other incentives, we may be unable to offer adequate pricing to network partners while maintaining sufficient net revenues.
we also face competition as merchants put pressure on transaction fees. increasing merchant fees or acquirer fees could adversely affect our effort to increase merchant acceptance of credit cards issued on the discover global network and may cause merchant acceptance to decrease. this, in turn, could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain network partners who may seek out more cost-effective alternatives from both traditional and non-traditional payment services providers, which may limit our ability to maintain or grow revenues from our proprietary network. in
-28-
addition, competitors' settlements with merchants and related actions, including pricing pressures and/or surcharging, could negatively impact our business practices. competitor actions related to the structure of merchant and acquirer fees and merchant and acquirer transaction routing strategies have adversely affected and are expected to continue to adversely affect our pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue and prospects for future growth and entry into new product markets. visa has entered into arrangements with some merchants and acquirers that have, and are expected to continue to have, the effect of discouraging those merchants and acquirers from routing debit transactions to pulse. in addition, the dodd-frank act's network participation requirements and competitor actions negatively impact pulse's ability to enter into exclusivity arrangements, which affects pulse's business practices and may materially adversely affect its network transaction volume and revenue. pulse has a pending lawsuit against visa with respect to these competitive concerns. pulse's transaction processing revenue was $249 million and $227 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
american express is also a strong competitor, with international acceptance, high transaction fees and an upscale brand image. internationally, american express competes in the same market segments as diners club. we may face challenges in increasing international acceptance on our networks, particularly if third parties that we rely on to issue diners club cards, increase card acceptance and market our brands do not perform to our expectations.
in addition, if we are unable to maintain sufficient network functionality to be competitive with other networks, or if our competitors develop better data security solutions or more innovative products and services than we do, our ability to retain and attract network partners and maintain or increase the revenues generated by our proprietary card-issuing business or our pulse business may be materially adversely affected. additionally, competitors may develop data security solutions, which as a consequence of the competitors' market power, we may be forced to use. in that case, our business may be adversely affected as they may be better positioned to absorb the costs over higher volumes or a larger customer base.
our business depends upon relationships with issuers, merchant acquirers, other payment enablers and licensees, many of whom are financial institutions. the economic and regulatory environment and increased consolidation in the financial services industry decrease our opportunities for new business and may result in the termination of existing business relationships if a business partner is acquired or goes out of business. in addition, as a result of this environment, financial institutions may have decreased interest in engaging in new card issuance opportunities or expanding existing card issuance relationships, which would inhibit our ability to grow our payment services business. we continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume and business strategies.
if we are unsuccessful in maintaining our international network business and achieving meaningful global card acceptance, we may be unable to grow our international network business.
we continue to make progress toward, but have not completed, achieving global card acceptance for the discover global network since we acquired the diners club network and related assets in 2008. achieving global card acceptance would allow our customers, including third-party issuers leveraging the network, to use their cards at merchant and atm locations around the world.
our international network business depends upon the cooperation, support and continuous operation of the network licensees that issue diners club cards and that maintain a merchant acceptance network. as is the case for other card payment networks, our diners club network does not issue cards or determine the terms and conditions of cards issued by the network licensees. if we are unable to continue our relationships with network licensees or if the network licensees are unable to continue their relationships with merchants, our ability to maintain or increase revenues and to remain competitive would be adversely affected due to the potential deterioration in customer relationships and related demand that could result. if one or more licensees were to experience a significant impairment of their business or were to cease doing business for economic, regulatory or other reasons, we would face the adverse effects of business interruption in a particular market, including loss of volume, acceptance and revenue and exposure to potential reputational risk. if such conditions arise in the future, we may deploy resources and incur expenses in order to sustain network acceptance. additionally, interruption of network licensee relationships could have an adverse effect on the acceptance of discover cards when they are used on the diners club network outside of north america.
the long-term success of our international network business depends upon achieving meaningful global card acceptance, which has included and may continue to include higher overall costs or longer timeframes than anticipated.
-29-
the failure to manage the risks of our student loan portfolio and the student lending environment could result in our inability to sustain and grow our student loan portfolio.
the long-term success of our student loan strategy depends upon our ability to manage the credit risk, pricing, funding, operations, including the transition away from london interbank offered rate ("libor"), and expenses of our student loan portfolio, as well as the growth of our student loan originations. our student loan strategy is also impacted by external factors such as the overall economic environment, a competitive marketplace and a challenging regulatory environment for private student loans and student loans generally. for more information on the regulatory environment, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments" and note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements.
there are several challenges to managing and growing our private student loan business in the future, including (i) economic weakness, (ii) new changes from federal and state legislation or prudential regulations, or other government and regulatory focus on higher education costs, student lending and student loan servicing; and (iii) competitive factors, such as competition from non-traditional lenders including financial technology firms. examples of these challenges include the recent legislative focus on federal student loan debt forgiveness in bankruptcy and legislative proposals in a number of states and the district of columbia imposing new requirements on student loan servicing. these challenges may require us to restructure our private student loan products in ways we may not currently anticipate. in addition, changes that adversely affect the private student loan market generally may negatively impact the profitability and growth of our student loan portfolio.
acquisitions or strategic investments that we pursue may not be successful and could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition or reduce our earnings.
we may consider or undertake strategic acquisitions of, or material investments in, businesses, products, portfolios of loans or technologies in the future. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates, or even if we do identify suitable candidates, they may be difficult to finance, expensive to fund and there is no guarantee that we can obtain any necessary regulatory approvals or complete the transactions on terms that are favorable to us. we generally must receive federal regulatory approvals before we can acquire a bank, bank holding company, deposits or certain assets or businesses. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments."
to the extent we pay the purchase price of any strategic acquisition or investment in cash, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. similarly, if the purchase price is paid with our stock, it may be dilutive to our stockholders. in addition, we may assume liabilities associated with a business acquisition or investment, including unrecorded liabilities that are not discovered at the time of the transaction. the repayment or settlement of those liabilities may have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
we may not be able to successfully integrate the personnel, operations, businesses, products, or technologies of an acquisition or investment. integration may be particularly challenging if we enter into a line of business that we have limited experience and the business operates in a difficult legal, regulatory or competitive environment. we may find that we do not have adequate operations or expertise to manage the new business. the integration of any acquisition or investment may divert management's time and resources from our core business, which could impair our relationships with our current employees, customers and strategic partners and disrupt our operations. additionally, any acquisition or investment may expose us to increased information security risk as we integrate new systems that we may not be as familiar with or bring them in line with the requirements of our information security and business continuity programs. acquisitions and investments also may not perform to our expectations for various reasons, including the loss of key personnel, customers or vendors. if we fail to integrate acquisitions or investments or realize the expected benefits, we may lose the return on these acquisitions or investments or incur additional transaction costs. as a result, our business, reputation and financial condition may be harmed.
credit, market and liquidity risk the failure to successfully manage credit risk, which may result in high delinquency and charge-off rates, could materially adversely affect our business, profitability and financial condition.
as a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our borrowers will be unable or unwilling to repay the principal of, or interest on, loans in accordance with their terms. we seek to grow our loan receivables while maintaining quality credit performance. our success depends on our ability to manage credit risk while attracting new customers with
-30-
profitable usage patterns. we select customers, manage their accounts and establish terms and credit limits using externally developed and proprietary scoring models and other analytical techniques designed to set terms and credit limits to appropriately compensate us for the credit risk we accept, while encouraging customers to use their available credit. the models and approaches we use may not accurately predict future charge-offs due to, among other things, inaccurate assumptions. while we continually seek to improve our assumptions and models, we may make modifications that unintentionally cause them to be less predictive or incorrectly interpret the data produced by these models in setting our credit policies.
at december 31, 2022 and 2021, $1.3 billion, or 1.14%, and $800 million, or 0.85%, of our loan receivables were non-performing (defined as loans over 90 days delinquent and accruing interest, plus loans not accruing interest). our ability to manage credit risk and avoid high charge-off rates may be adversely affected by household, business, economic and market conditions that may be difficult to predict. when these conditions deteriorate, we may experience reduced demand for credit and increased delinquencies or defaults, including loans which we have securitized and in which we retain a residual interest. the level of nonperforming loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require additional provision for credit losses. there can be no assurance that our underwriting and portfolio management strategies will permit us to avoid high charge-off levels or that our allowance for credit losses will be sufficient to cover actual losses.
a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be impacted by changes in their employment status, increases in their payment obligations to other lenders and by restricted availability of credit to consumers generally. our collection operations may not compete effectively to secure more of customers' diminished cash flow than our competitors. in addition, we may fail to quickly identify customers who are likely to default on their payment obligations and reduce our exposure by closing credit lines and restricting authorizations, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as restrictions on collections, bankruptcy laws, minimum payment regulations and re-age guidance), competitors' actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, resources, techniques and models. there can be no assurance that we will be able to grow the loan receivables portfolio in accordance with our strategies or manage credit and other risks associated with the loan products. our failure to manage credit and other risks may materially adversely affect profitability and the ability to grow the loan receivables portfolio and further diversify the business.
adverse market conditions or an inability to effectively manage our liquidity risk could negatively impact our ability to meet our liquidity and funding needs, which could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and overall financial condition.
we must effectively manage the liquidity risk to which we are exposed. we require liquidity in order to meet cash requirements such as day-to-day operating expenses, extensions of credit on our consumer loans and required payments of principal and interest on our borrowings. our primary sources of liquidity and funding are payments on our loan receivables, deposits and proceeds from securitization transactions and securities offerings. we may maintain too much liquidity, which can be costly, or we may be too illiquid, which could limit financial flexibility and result in financial distress during a liquidity stress event. our liquidity portfolio had a balance of approximately $19.8 billion as of december 31, 2022, compared to $15.0 billion as of december 31, 2021. our total contingent liquidity sources amounted to $67.3 billion as of december 31, 2022, compared to $52.9 billion as of december 31, 2021. as of december 31, 2022, our total contingent liquidity sources consisted of $19.8 billion in our liquidity portfolio, $3.5 billion of undrawn capacity in private securitizations, $1.7 billion in borrowing capacity with the fhlb of chicago and $42.3 billion in incremental federal reserve discount window capacity.
in the event that our current sources of liquidity do not satisfy our needs, we would be required to seek additional financing. the availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit to the financial services industry, new regulatory restrictions and requirements and our credit ratings. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital, credit or deposit markets may limit our ability to repay or replace maturing liabilities in a timely manner. as such, we may be forced to delay the acquisition of additional funding or be forced to issue or raise funding at undesirable terms and/or costs, which could decrease profitability and significantly reduce financial flexibility. further, in disorderly financial markets or for other reasons, it may be difficult or impossible to liquidate some of our investments to meet our liquidity needs.
there can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future. likewise, adverse developments with respect to financial institutions and other third parties with whom we maintain important financial relationships could negatively impact our funding and liquidity. if we are unable to
-31-
continue to fund our assets through deposits or access capital markets on favorable terms, or if we experience an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
an inability to accept or maintain deposits in the future could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business.
a major source of our funds is customer deposits, primarily in the form of savings accounts, certificates of deposits, money market accounts and checking accounts. we obtain deposits from consumers either directly or through affinity relationships and through third-party securities brokerage firms that offer our deposits to their customers. we had $70.5 billion in deposits acquired directly or through affinity relationships and $21.1 billion in deposits originated through securities brokerage firms as of december 31, 2022, compared to $61.9 billion and $10.5 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2021. our ability to attract and maintain deposits, as well as our cost of funds, has been, and will continue to be, significantly affected by general economic conditions. competition from other financial services firms that use deposit funding, the rates and services we offer on our deposit products and our ability to maintain a high-quality customer experience may affect deposit renewal rates, costs or availability. changes we make to the rates offered on our deposit products may affect our profitability (through funding costs) and our liquidity (through volumes raised). in addition, our ability to maintain existing or obtain additional deposits may be impacted by various factors, including factors beyond our control, such as perceptions about our reputation, brand, or financial strength; quality of deposit servicing or branchless banking generally, which could reduce the number of consumers choosing to place deposits with us; third parties continuing or entering into affinity relationships or marketing arrangements with us; disruptions in technology services or the internet, generally; or third-party securities brokerage firms continuing to offer our deposit products. furthermore, while there are limitations on withdrawal frequency on certain deposit accounts, customers may withdraw deposits to ensure that their deposits are fully insured or make investments that have a higher yield. if our customers withdraw their deposits, our funding costs may increase, which may reduce our net interest income and net income.
our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates on deposits is also dependent on capital levels of our bank subsidiary. in certain circumstances, the fdia prohibits insured banks from accepting brokered deposits (as defined in the fdia) and applies other restrictions, such as a cap on interest rates we may pay. see "business - supervision and regulation" and note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements for more information. while our subsidiary, discover bank, met the fdic's definition of "well-capitalized" as of december 31, 2022 and has no restrictions regarding acceptance of brokered deposits or setting of interest rates, there can be no assurance that it will continue to meet this definition. additionally, our regulators can adjust the requirements to be "well-capitalized" at any time and have authority to place limitations on our deposit businesses, including the interest rate we pay on deposits.
if we are unable to securitize our credit card receivables, it may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds and overall financial condition.
we use the securitization of credit card receivables as a significant source of funding as well as for contingent liquidity. the securitization of credit card receivables involves the transfer of credit card receivables to a trust, the transfer of the beneficial interest in those credit card receivables to a second trust through a special purpose entity and the issuance by the second trust of notes to third-party investors collateralized by the beneficial interest in the transferred credit card receivables. our average level of credit card securitized borrowings from third parties was $9.0 billion and $9.5 billion for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. there can be no assurance that we will be able to complete additional credit card securitization transactions if the credit card securitization market experiences significant and prolonged disruption or volatility.
our ability to raise funding through the securitization market also depends, in part, on the credit ratings of the securities we issue from our securitization trusts. if we are not able to satisfy rating agency requirements to confirm the ratings of asset-backed securities issued by our trusts at the time of a new issuance of securities, it could limit our ability to access the securitization markets. additional factors affecting the extent to which we may securitize our credit card receivables in the future include the overall credit quality of our credit card receivables, the costs of securitizing our credit card receivables, the demand for credit card asset-backed securities and the legal, regulatory, accounting or tax rules affecting securitization transactions and asset-backed securities, generally.
a prolonged inability to securitize our credit card receivables, or an increase in the costs of such issuances that would make such activities economically infeasible, may require us to seek alternative funding sources, which may be
-32-
less efficient and more expensive than raising capital via securitization transactions and may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds and overall financial condition.
the occurrence of events that result in the early amortization of our existing credit card securitization transactions or an inability to delay the accumulation of principal collections for our existing credit card securitization transactions would materially adversely affect our liquidity.
our liquidity and cost of funds would be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of events that could result in the early amortization of our existing credit card securitization transactions. our credit card securitization transactions are structured as "revolving transactions" that do not distribute to securitization investors their share of monthly principal payments received on the underlying receivables during the revolving period and instead use those principal payments to fund the purchase of new credit card receivables. the occurrence of an "early amortization event" may result in termination of the revolving periods of one or more of our securitization transactions, which would require us to repay the affected outstanding securitized borrowings out of principal collections without regard to the original payment schedule. early amortization events include, for example, insufficient cash flows in the securitized pool of credit card receivables to meet contractual requirements (i.e., excess spread less than zero) and certain breaches of representations, warranties or covenants in the agreements relating to the securitization transactions. for more information on excess spread, see note 5: credit card and private student loan securitization activities to our consolidated financial statements. an early amortization event would negatively impact our liquidity and require us to rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time or may be less efficient and more expensive. an early amortization event also could impact our ability to access the undrawn secured credit facilities that we maintain for contingent liquidity purposes. additionally, the occurrence of an early amortization event with respect to any of our securitization transactions may adversely impact investor demand for notes issued in our future credit card securitization transactions.
our credit card securitization structure includes a requirement that we accumulate principal collections into a restricted account in the amount of scheduled maturities on a pro rata basis over the 12 months prior to a security's maturity date. we have the option under our credit card securitization documents to shorten this accumulation period, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. historically, we have exercised this option to shorten the accumulation period to a few months prior to maturity. if we were to determine that the payment rate on the underlying credit card receivables would not support a short accumulation period, we would need to begin accumulating principal cash flows earlier than we have historically. a lengthening of the accumulation period could negatively impact our liquidity, requiring management to implement mitigating measures. during periods of significant maturity levels, absent management actions, the lengthening of the accumulation period could materially adversely affect our financial condition.
a downgrade in the credit ratings of our or our subsidiaries' securities could materially adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition.
we, along with discover bank, are regularly evaluated by the ratings agencies. their ratings for our long-term debt and other securities, including asset-backed securities issued by our securitization trusts, are based on a number of factors that may change from time to time, including our financial strength as well as factors that may not be within our control. factors that affect our unsecured credit ratings include, but are not limited to, the macroeconomic environment in which we operate and the credit ratings of the u.s. government, the credit quality and performance of our assets, the amount and quality of our capital, the level and stability of our earnings and the structure and amount of our liquidity. in addition to these factors, the ratings of our asset-backed securities are also based on the quality of the underlying receivables and the credit enhancement structure of the trusts. downgrades in our ratings, those of discover bank or our asset-backed securities could occur at any time and without notice by any of the rating agencies, which could, among other things, materially adversely affect our cost of funds, access to capital and funding and overall financial condition. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings or that our credit ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn.
we may not be successful in managing the investments in our liquidity investment portfolio and investment performance may deteriorate due to market fluctuations, which would adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we must effectively manage the risks of the investments in our liquidity investment portfolio, which is composed of cash and cash equivalents and high-quality liquid investments. the value of our investments may be adversely affected by market fluctuations including changes in interest rates, prices, prepayment rates, credit risk premiums and overall
-33-
market liquidity. also, investments backed by collateral could be adversely impacted by changes in the value of the underlying collateral. in addition, economic conditions may cause certain of the obligors, counterparties and underlying collateral on our investments to incur losses of their own or default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons, thereby increasing our credit risk exposure to these investments. these risks could result in a decrease in the value of our investments, which could negatively impact our financial condition. these risks could also restrict our access to funding. while the securities in our investment portfolio are currently limited to obligations of high-quality sovereign and government-sponsored issuers, we may choose to expand the range of our investments over time, which may result in greater fluctuations in market value. while we expect these investments to be readily convertible into cash and do not believe they present a material increase to our risk profile or will have a material impact on our risk-based capital ratios, they are subject to certain market fluctuations that may reduce the ability to fully convert them into cash.
changes in the level of interest rates could materially adversely affect our earnings.
changes in interest rates cause our net interest income to increase or decrease, as some of our assets and liabilities carry interest rates that fluctuate with market benchmarks. benchmark interest rates rose materially during 2022 as the federal reserve raised its federal funds target rate range in an effort to combat high inflation. financial market participants expect 2023 will be a transitional year for monetary policy and u.s. economic growth, thus raising uncertainty as to the direction of benchmark interest rates during 2023. higher interest rates could negatively impact our customers as total debt service payments would increase, impede our ability to grow our consumer lending businesses and increase the cost of our funding, which would put us at a disadvantage as compared to some of our competitors that have less expensive funding sources.
some of our consumer loan receivables bear interest at a fixed rate or do not earn interest and we are not able to increase the rate on those loans to offset any higher cost of funds, which could materially reduce earnings. at the same time, some of our variable-rate loan receivables may be subject to a cap, exposing us to interest-rate risk. in addition, we utilize a combination of fixed- and variable-rate funding from various sources, and we may use derivative instruments to hedge the liabilities. however, timing mismatches between loan receivable growth and funding procurement could expose us to interest-rate risk.
additionally, we have a number of variable-rate student loans, interest rate swaps and capital markets securities with attributes that are either directly or indirectly dependent on libor. in july 2017, the uk financial conduct authority ("fca") announced that it would no longer encourage or compel banks to continue to contribute quotes and maintain libor after 2021. in march 2021, the fca announced the future cessation and loss of representativeness for all libor benchmark settings. while non-u.s. dollar ("usd") and several less frequently referenced usd libor settings ceased publication immediately after december 31, 2021, commonly referenced usd libor settings will cease publication immediately after june 30, 2023. this future cessation event will trigger fallback provisions in many financial contracts to convert their benchmark index from libor to an alternative rate. in july 2021, the alternative reference rates committee ("arrc") announced its recommendation of forward-looking term rates based on secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as additional alternative reference rate options. for more information regarding our transition from libor to sofr, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments - banking - london interbank offered rate."
interest rates may also adversely impact our delinquency and charge-off rates. many consumer lending products bear interest rates that fluctuate with certain base lending rates published in the market, such as the prime rate and libor. as a result, higher interest rates often lead to higher payment requirements by consumers under obligations to us and other lenders, which may reduce their ability to remain current on their obligations to us and thereby lead to loan delinquencies and additions to our credit loss provision, which could materially adversely affect our earnings.
we continually monitor interest rates and have a number of tools, including the composition of our loans and investments, liability terms and interest rate derivatives, to manage our interest rate risk exposure. changes in market assumptions regarding future interest rates could significantly impact our interest rate risk strategy, our financial position and results of operations. if our interest rate risk management strategies are not appropriately monitored or executed, these activities may not effectively mitigate our interest rate sensitivity or have the desired impact on our results of operations or financial condition. for information related to interest rate risk sensitivities, see "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
-34-
operational and other risk our risk management framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss.
our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. we have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk and strategic risk. we seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures, limits and reporting requirements.
management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. we use a variety of models to manage and inform decision-making with respect to customers and for the measurement of risk including credit, market and operational risks and for our finance and treasury functions. models used by discover can vary in their complexity and are designed to identify, measure and mitigate risks at various levels such as loan-level, portfolio segments, entire portfolios and products. these models use a set of computational rules to generate numerical estimates of uncertain values to be used for assessment of price, financial forecasts and estimates of credit, interest rate, market and operational risk. these models and the quality of their outputs are dependent on the quality and accuracy of the data loaded into the models. to the extent that the quality and integrity of that data is compromised, the models could result in inaccurate forecasts, ineffective risk management practices or inaccurate risk reporting. all models carry some level of uncertainty that introduces risks in the estimates.
if the models that we use to mitigate risks are inadequate or do not accurately predict future outcomes, we may incur increased losses. in addition, there may be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated. if our risk management framework and models do not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
if the security of our systems, or the systems of third parties we rely upon, is compromised, our business could be disrupted and we may be subject to significant financial exposure, liability and damage to our reputation.
our digital banking and network operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential or sensitive information about us, our customers and third parties with whom we do business. information security risks for financial institutions have increased and continue to increase in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and cloud, mobile and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, activists, hackers, terrorist organizations, nation state actors and other external parties. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems (including third parties) to disclose confidential or sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers.
our technologies, systems, networks and software, those of other financial institutions and other firms (such as hardware vendors, cloud providers and others), have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of increasingly frequent cyber-attacks, malicious code, ransomware, denial of service attacks, phishing and other social engineering, other remote access attacks and physical attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss, unavailability or destruction of data (including confidential customer information), account takeovers, identity theft and fraud, unavailability of service or other events. these types of threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of external or internal parties or may result from technological failure or otherwise. further, our vulnerability to these types of threats may be increased to the extent employees may continue to work remotely on a more frequent basis with the current trend toward hybrid work arrangements.
despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems through our information security and business continuity programs, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all known and unknown security threats, attacks or breaches or events of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and are becoming increasingly more sophisticated or are not recognized until launched or vulnerabilities in software or hardware are unknown or are unable to be entirely addressed even after becoming known, and because:
•security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources and geographic locations and may be undetected for a period of time.
•we rely on many third-party service providers and network participants, including merchants, and, as such, a security breach or cyber-attack affecting one of these third parties could impact us. for example, the financial services industry continues to see attacks against the environments where personal and identifiable
-35-
information is handled. for additional information see the risk factor "- failure to manage our relationships with third-party service providers could result in our revenue or results of operations being materially adversely affected."
•our customers may use computers and mobile devices that are beyond our security control systems to access our products and services.
we are subject to increasing risk related to information and data security as we increase acceptance of the discover card internationally, expand our suite of online digital banking products, enhance our mobile payment technologies, acquire new or outsource some of our business operations, expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications, and otherwise attempt to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the financial services industry. our efforts to mitigate this risk increase our expenses. while we continue to invest in our information security defenses (including cybersecurity defenses), if our security systems or those of third parties are penetrated or circumvented such that the confidentiality, integrity or availability of information about us, our customers, transactions processed on our networks or on third-party networks on our behalf or third parties with which we do business is compromised, we could be subject to significant liability that may not be covered by insurance, including significant legal and financial exposure, actions by our regulators, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services that could materially adversely affect our business.
cyber-attacks that are successful, or are perceived to be successful, in compromising the data or disrupting the services of other peer financial institutions, whether or not we are impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence, which could negatively impact market perception of our products and services. media reports of attempted cyber-attacks, service disruptions or vulnerabilities in our information systems or security procedures or those of any of the third-party service providers we engage, could cause significant legal and financial exposure, lead to regulatory and legislative intervention and cause an overall negative effect in our business. for additional information on risks in this area, see the risk factors below regarding fraudulent activity, the introduction of new products and services, the use of third parties for outsourcing, technology generally, and laws and regulations addressing consumer privacy and data use and security.
if we cannot remain organizationally effective, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment.
to remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. in order to execute on our objective to be the leading consumer bank and payments partner, we must develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses. examples include the implementation of a broader rollout of our checking product and a structure for a more competitive global network business. if we fail to develop and implement these solutions, we may be unable to expand quickly and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. in addition, if we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, execute our strategy and implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed in this increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations, relationships with our business partners, banking regulators, customers and shareholders, and ultimately our prospects for achieving our long-term strategies, may be negatively impacted.
we may be unable to increase or sustain discover credit card usage, which could impair growth in, or lead to diminishing, average balances and total revenue.
a key element of our business strategy is to increase the usage of the discover credit card by our customers, including making it their primary credit card, and thereby increase our revenue from transaction and service fees and interest income. however, our customers' use and payment patterns may change because of social, legal and economic factors, and customers may decide to use debit cards or other payment products instead of credit cards, not increase credit card usage, or pay their balances within the grace period to avoid finance charges. we face challenges from competing card products in our attempts to increase credit card usage by our existing customers. our ability to increase credit card usage also is dependent on customer satisfaction, which may be adversely affected by factors outside of our control, including competitors' actions and legislative/regulatory changes. existing legal and regulatory restrictions limit pricing changes that may impact an account throughout its lifecycle, which may reduce our capability to offer lower price promotions to drive account usage and customer engagement. as part of our strategy to increase usage, we have been increasing the number of merchants who accept credit cards issued on the discover network. if we are unable to continue increasing merchant acceptance or fail to improve awareness of existing merchant acceptance of our credit
-36-
cards, our ability to grow usage of discover credit cards may be hampered. as a result of these factors, we may be unable to increase or sustain credit card usage, which could impair growth in or lead to diminishing average balances and total revenue.
a reduction in the number of large merchants that accept cards on the discover network or pulse network or the rates they pay could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
discover card net transaction dollar volume was concentrated among our top 100 merchants in 2022, with our largest merchant accounting for approximately 5% of that net transaction volume. transaction volume on the pulse network was also concentrated among the top 100 merchants in 2022, with our largest merchant accounting for approximately 19% of pulse transaction volume. these merchants could seek to negotiate better pricing or other financial incentives by conditioning their continued participation in the discover network and/or pulse network on a change in the terms of their economic participation. loss of acceptance at our largest merchants would decrease transaction volume, negatively impact our brand and could cause customer attrition. in addition, some of our merchants, primarily our remaining small- and mid-size merchants, are not contractually committed to us for any period of time and may cease to participate in the discover network at any time on short notice.
actual or perceived limitations on acceptance of credit cards issued on the discover network or debit cards issued on the pulse network could adversely affect the use of discover cards by existing customers and the attractiveness of discover cards to prospective customers. also, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining network partners if we are unable to add or retain acquirers or merchants who accept cards issued on the discover or pulse networks. as a result of these factors, a reduction in the number of our merchants or the rates they pay could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by merchants' increasing focus on the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks.
merchant acceptance and fees are critical to the success of both our card-issuing and payment processing businesses. merchants are concerned with the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks. they seek to negotiate better pricing or other financial incentives as a condition of continued participation in the discover network and pulse network. during the past few years, merchants and their trade groups have filed numerous lawsuits against visa, mastercard, american express and their card-issuing banks, claiming that their practices toward merchants, including issuer fees, violate federal antitrust laws. there can be no assurance that they will not in the future bring legal proceedings against other credit card and debit card issuers and networks, including us. merchants also may promote forms of payment with lower fees, such as ach-based payments, or seek to impose surcharges at the point of sale for use of credit or debit cards. merchant groups have also promoted federal and state legislation that would restrict issuer practices or enhance the ability of merchants, individually or collectively, to negotiate more favorable fees. the heightened focus by merchants on the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks, together with the dodd-frank act and recent industry litigation, which would allow merchants to encourage customers to use other payment methods or cards and may increase merchant surcharging, could lead to reduced transactions on, or merchant acceptance of, discover network or pulse network cards or reduced fees, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
political, economic or other instability in a country or geographic region, or other unforeseen or catastrophic events, could adversely affect our business activities and reduce our revenue.
geopolitical events, natural disasters, extreme weather-related events or other catastrophic events, including terrorist attacks and pandemics, may have a negative effect on our business and infrastructure, including our information technology systems. climate change may exacerbate certain of these threats, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events and other natural disasters. our diners club network, concentrated primarily on serving the global travel industry, could be adversely affected by a number of factors including international conditions, travel restrictions, pandemics or negative perceptions about the safety of travel that may result in an indefinite decline in consumer or business travel activity. armed conflict, public health emergencies, natural disasters, political instability or terrorism may have a significant and prolonged negative effect on travel activity and related revenue. although a regionalized event or condition may primarily affect one of our network participants, it may also affect our overall network and card activity and our resulting revenue. overall network and card transaction activity may decline as a result of concerns about safety or disease or may be limited because of economic conditions that result in spending,
-37-
including on travel, to decline. the impact of such events and other catastrophes on the overall economy may also adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
fraudulent activity associated with our products or our networks could cause our brands to suffer reputational damage, the use of our products to decrease and our fraud losses to be materially adversely affected.
we are subject to the risk of fraudulent activity associated with merchants, customers and other third parties handling customer information. the risk of fraud continues to increase for the financial services industry in general. credit and debit card fraud, identity theft and electronic-transaction related crimes are prevalent and perpetrators are growing ever more sophisticated. while we have policies and procedures designed to address such risk, there can be no assurance that losses will not occur. our resources, customer authentication methods and fraud prevention tools may be insufficient to accurately predict, prevent or detect fraud. we incurred fraud losses and other charges of $149 million and $92 million during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
our risk of fraud continues to increase as third parties that handle confidential consumer information suffer security breaches, acceptance of the discover card grows internationally and we expand our digital banking business and introduce new products and features. our financial condition, the level of our fraud charge-offs and other results of operations could be materially adversely affected if fraudulent activity were to significantly increase. furthermore, high-profile fraudulent activity could negatively impact our brand and reputation. in addition, significant increases in fraudulent activity could lead to regulatory intervention (such as mandatory card reissuance) and reputational and financial damage to our brands, which could negatively impact the use of our deposit accounts, cards and networks and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business. further, fraudulent activity may result in lower license fee revenue from our diners club licensees.
the financial services and payment services industries are rapidly evolving and we may be unsuccessful in introducing new products or services on a large scale in response to these changes.
technological changes continue to significantly impact the financial services and payment services industries. for example, we may be unsuccessful in deploying new technologies to strengthen our credit underwriting capabilities, enhance the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, ensure acceptance with new payment technologies, enhance customer service, drive efficiencies in back-office functions or reduce fraud. the increasingly competitive mobile, e-wallet and tokenization spaces are expected to continue to bring risks and opportunities to both our digital banking and payment services businesses.
the effect of technological changes on our business is both rapid and unpredictable. we depend, in part, on third parties for the development of and access to new technologies. we expect that new services and technologies relating to the payments business will continue to appear in the market and these new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies that we currently use in our products and services. rapidly evolving technologies and new entrants in mobile and emerging payments pose a risk to us both as a card issuer and as a payments business. as a result, our future success may be dependent on our ability to identify and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards and to provide payment solutions for our customers, merchants and financial institution customers.
the process of developing new products and services or enhancing our existing products and services is complex, costly and uncertain. difficulties or delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of new products or services may be caused by a number of factors including, among other things, operational, capital and regulatory constraints. the occurrence of such difficulties may affect the success of our products or services. developing unsuccessful products and services could result in financial losses as well as decreased capital availability. in addition, the new products and services offered may not be adopted by consumers, merchants or financial institution customers. also, the success of a new product or service may depend upon our ability to deliver it on a large scale, which may require a significant capital investment that we may not be in a position to make. if we are unable to successfully introduce and support new income-generating products and services while also managing our expenses, it may impact our ability to compete effectively and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
failure to manage our relationships with third-party service providers could result in our revenue or results of operations being materially adversely affected.
we depend on third-party service providers for many aspects of the operation of our business. for example, we depend on third parties for software and systems development, the timely transmission of information across our data
-38-
transportation network and for other telecommunications, processing, remittance, technology-related and other services in connection with our digital banking and payment services businesses. if a service provider fails to provide the services that we require or expect, or fails to meet contractual requirements, such as service levels, security requirements or compliance with applicable laws, the failure could negatively impact our business by adversely affecting our ability to process customers' transactions in a secure, consistent, timely and accurate manner, otherwise hampering our ability to serve our customers, or subjecting us to litigation and regulatory risk for poor vendor oversight. such a failure could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of our networks and services, and the quality of our brands, and could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, revenues and/or our results of operations.
with the current trend toward hybrid work arrangements, we have become increasingly dependent on third-party service providers, including those with which we have no direct relationship, such as our employees' internet service providers. if these third-parties experience service disruptions, our operations may be interrupted or negatively impacted.
if our key technology platforms become obsolete, or if we experience disruptions, including difficulties in our ability to process transactions, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems. the implementation of technology changes as well as patches and upgrades to maintain current and integrated systems may result in compliance issues and may, at least temporarily, cause disruptions to our business, including, but not limited to, systems interruptions, transaction processing errors and system conversion delays, all of which could have a negative impact on us. in addition, our transaction processing systems and other operational systems may encounter service interruptions at any time due to system or software failure, natural disaster or other reasons. such services could be disrupted at any of our primary or back-up facilities or our other owned or leased facilities. third parties to whom we outsource the maintenance and development of certain technological functionality may experience errors or disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control. in addition, there is no assurance that we will be able to sustain our investment in new technology to avoid obsolescence of critical systems and applications. a failure to maintain current technology, systems and facilities or to control third-party risk, could cause disruptions in the operation of our business, which could materially adversely affect our transaction volumes, revenues, reputation and/or our results of operations.
if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key officers and employees to drive our business, our business could be materially adversely affected.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to recruit, retain and motivate key officers and employees to manage and grow our business. our senior management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. we believe we are in a critical period of competition in the financial services and payments industry. the market for qualified individuals is highly competitive and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or candidates to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel or it may be expensive to do so. we may be subject to restrictions under future legislation or regulation limiting executive compensation. for example, the federal banking agencies have previously issued proposed rulemaking on incentive compensation practices for certain employees at banking organizations, including executives, and may issue additional rules relating to such activities in the future. these requirements could negatively impact our ability to compete with other companies in attracting, hiring and retaining key personnel and offer incentives that motivate our key personnel to perform and may require us to extensively restructure certain of our existing incentive compensation practices. additionally, the market for individuals with skills in fields such as technology, advanced analytics, digital marketing and payments is increasingly competitive and we may not be able to attract and retain persons with the desired skill set or experience. if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key personnel to manage and grow our business well, our business could be materially adversely affected.
merchant defaults may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
as an issuer and merchant acquirer in the u.s. on the discover network and as a holder of certain merchant agreements internationally for the diners club network, we may be contingently liable for certain disputed credit card sales transactions that arise between customers and merchants. if a dispute is resolved in the customer's favor, we will cause a credit or refund of the amount to be issued to the customer and charge back the transaction to the merchant or merchant acquirer. if we are unable to collect this amount from the merchant or merchant acquirer, we will bear the loss for the amount credited or refunded to the customer. where the purchased product or service is not provided until some
-39-
later date following the purchase, such as an airline ticket, the likelihood of potential liability increases. losses related to merchant chargebacks were not material for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021.
damage to our reputation could negatively affect our business and brand.
in recent years, financial services companies have experienced increased reputational risk as consumers protest and regulators scrutinize business and compliance practices of such companies. maintaining a positive reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers, investors and employees. damage to our reputation can therefore cause significant harm to our business and prospects. harm to our reputation can arise from numerous sources, including, among others, employee misconduct; a breach of our or our service providers' cybersecurity defenses; litigation or regulatory outcomes; failing to deliver minimum standards of service and quality; compliance failures; and the activities of customers, business partners and counterparties. social media also can cause harm to our reputation. by its very nature, social media can reach a wide audience in a very short amount of time, which presents unique corporate communications challenges. negative or otherwise undesirable publicity generated through unexpected social media coverage can damage our reputation and brand. negative publicity regarding us, whether or not true, may result in customer attrition and other harm to our business prospects. there has also been increased focus on topics related to environmental, social and corporate governance policies, and criticism of our policies in these areas could also harm our reputation and/or potentially limit our access to some forms of capital or liquidity.
we may be unsuccessful in protecting or defending our brands or other intellectual property, or third parties may allege that we are infringing their intellectual property rights.
we rely on a multifaceted strategy to protect our intellectual property that takes advantage of protection such as patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other restrictions on disclosure of confidential and proprietary information. we develop our intellectual property internally and in some cases license it from third parties.
in addition, the discover, pulse and diners club brands have substantial economic and intangible value. our success is dependent on our ability to promote and protect these brands and our other intellectual property. our ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon the external perception of our company and brands. we strategically license our trademarks to business partners and network participants, some of whom have contractual obligations to promote and develop our brands. for example, the discover card brand is now being issued by certain diners club licensees in their local markets.
if our business partners or other third parties do not adhere to contractual standards, engage in improper business practices, or otherwise misappropriate, misuse or diminish the value of our brands or our other intellectual property, we may suffer reputational and financial damage. if we will not be able to adequately protect our brands, our proprietary information and other intellectual property, our business success may be adversely affected. in addition, third parties may allege that our developed or licensed marketing, processes or systems may infringe upon their intellectual property rights. given the potential risks and uncertainties of such claims, our business could be adversely affected by having to pay significant monetary damages, technology development expenses or licensing fees, and we may have to alter our business practices or be prevented from competing effectively.
laws, regulations and supervisory guidance and practices, or the application thereof, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we must comply with an array of banking, consumer lending and payment services laws and regulations in all jurisdictions in which we operate as described more fully in "business - supervision and regulation", the risk factor entitled "- financial regulatory developments have and will continue to significantly impact the environment for the financial services industry, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments." in addition, we are subject to inquiries and enforcement actions from states' attorney general offices and regulation by the federal trade commission, state banking regulators and the u.s. department of justice, as well as the sec and new york stock exchange in our capacity as a public company. we also are subject to the requirements of entities that set and interpret accounting standards (such as the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"), the sec, banking regulators and our independent registered public accounting firm), which may add new requirements or change their interpretations on how standards should be applied. guidance not yet issued could potentially have a material impact on business lines, as well as how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations, and could have an impact on regulatory capital.
-40-
failure to comply with laws, regulations and standards could lead to adverse consequences such as financial, structural, reputational and operational penalties, including our bank subsidiary being placed in receivership, litigation exposure and disgorgement and fines (as described further below). for example, failure to comply with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other laws regarding corporate conduct, can expose us and/or individual employees to severe criminal and civil penalties.
legislative, regulatory and tax code changes could impact the profitability of our business activities, alter consumer behavior in ways we did not anticipate, require us to limit or change our business practices or our product offerings, or expose us to additional costs (including increased compliance costs). significant changes in laws and regulations may have a more adverse effect on our results of operations than on the results of our competitors or may disproportionately benefit our competitors.
current and proposed laws and regulations addressing consumer privacy and data use and security could affect the competitiveness of our products and increase our costs.
legal or regulatory pronouncements relating to consumer privacy, data use and security affect our business. we are subject to a number of laws concerning consumer privacy and data use and security such as the european union's general data protection regulation and the california consumer privacy act. due to recent consumer data compromise events in the u.s., which resulted in unauthorized access to millions of customers' data, these areas continue to be a focus of the u.s. executive branch and congress, state legislators and attorneys general and other regulators. developments in this area, such as new laws, regulations, regulatory guidance, litigation or enforcement actions, could result in new or different requirements on discover and other card issuers or networks that could increase costs or adversely affect the competitiveness of our credit card or debit card products. see the discussion on recent security developments in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments" for more information. in addition, failure to comply with the privacy and data use and security laws and regulations to which we are subject, including by reason of inadvertent disclosure of confidential information or the failure to provide timely notification of a disclosure, could result in litigation, fines, sanctions, penalties or other adverse consequences and loss of consumer confidence, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, overall business and reputation.
litigation and regulatory actions could subject us to significant fines, penalties and/or requirements resulting in increased expenses, oversight and reputation risk.
consumer banking and payment services institutions have historically been subject to significant legal actions, both from private and government litigants. in addition to regulatory actions, private litigants may include class action lawsuits and commercial, shareholder and patent litigation. many of these actions have included claims for substantial compensatory, statutory or punitive damages. in addition, we have been and may again be involved in various actions or proceedings brought by governmental regulatory and enforcement agencies, which could cause reputational harm, require changes to business activities and product offerings, or subject us to significant fines, penalties, customer restitution or other requirements, resulting in increased expenses. see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on current matters affecting us.
historically, we have offered customers an arbitration clause in agreements to quickly and economically resolve disputes. the arbitration clause has, in some cases, also limited our exposure to consumer class action litigation, while still being able to resolve individual customer disputes. however, there is no guarantee that we will be able to continue to offer arbitration clauses in the future or that we will be successful in enforcing the arbitration clause in court. legal challenges to the enforceability of these clauses may cause us to discontinue their use. in addition to court enforceability uncertainty, there have been bills pending in the u.s. congress to directly or indirectly prohibit the use of pre-dispute arbitration clauses in some or all consumer banking products.
we may be limited in our ability to pay dividends on and repurchase our stock.
we increased our quarterly common stock dividend in 2022 to $0.60 per share, an increase of $0.10 per share from the previous rate of $0.50 per share and repurchased approximately 7.5% of our outstanding common stock under our share repurchase program in 2022. the declaration and payment of future dividends, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. the amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend upon regulatory limitations imposed by the federal reserve and our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory review and other factors as further described in "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases." holders of our
-41-
shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding. no dividend may be declared or paid on or set aside for payment on our common stock if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of our preferred stock in any dividend period. banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit or prohibit our payment of dividends on or our repurchase of our stock at any time. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends on or repurchase our stock in the future.
we are a holding company and depend on payments from our subsidiaries.
discover financial services, our parent holding company, depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries, particularly discover bank, to fund its dividend payments, share repurchases, payments on its obligations, including debt obligations, and to provide funding and capital as needed to its operating subsidiaries. banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit or prohibit our transfer of funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries, at any time. these laws, regulations and rules may hinder our ability to access funds that we may need to make payments on our obligations or otherwise achieve strategic objectives. for more information, see "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases."
special note regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k and materials we have filed or will file with the sec (as well as information included in our other written or oral statements) contain or will contain certain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "forecasts," and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "should," "would," and "could," are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. you should not rely solely on the forward-looking statements and should consider all uncertainties and risks throughout this annual report on form 10-k, including those described under "risk factors." the statements are only as of the date they are made and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.
possible events or factors that could cause results or performance to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include the following:
•changes in economic variables, such as the availability of consumer credit, the housing market, energy costs, the number and size of personal bankruptcy filings, the rate of unemployment, the levels of consumer confidence and consumer debt and investor sentiment;
•the impact of current, pending and future legislation, regulation, supervisory guidance and regulatory and legal actions, including, but not limited to, those related to accounting guidance, tax reform, financial regulatory reform, consumer financial services practices, anti-corruption and funding, capital and liquidity;
•the actions and initiatives of current and potential competitors;
•our ability to manage our expenses;
•our ability to successfully achieve card acceptance across our networks and maintain relationships with network participants and merchants;
•our ability to sustain our card, private student loan and personal loan growth;
•our ability to increase or sustain discover card usage or attract new customers;
•difficulty obtaining regulatory approval for financing, closing, transitioning, integrating or managing the expenses of acquisitions of or investments in new businesses, products or technologies;
•our ability to manage our credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk and strategic risk;
•the availability and cost of funding and capital;
•access to deposit, securitization, equity, debt and credit markets;
•the impact of rating agency actions;
•the level and volatility of equity prices, commodity prices and interest rates, currency values, investments, other market fluctuations and other market indices;
-42-
•losses in our investment portfolio;
•limits on our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock;
•limits on our ability to receive payments from our subsidiaries;
•fraudulent activities or material security breaches of our or others' key systems;
•our ability to remain organizationally effective;
•the effect of political, economic and market conditions, geopolitical events, climate change, pandemics and unforeseen or catastrophic events;
•our ability to introduce new products or services;
•our ability to manage our relationships with third-party vendors, as well as those with which we have no direct relationship such as our employees' internet service providers;
•our ability to maintain current technology and integrate new and acquired systems and technology;
•our ability to collect amounts for disputed transactions from merchants and merchant acquirers;
•our ability to attract and retain employees;
•our ability to protect our reputation and our intellectual property;
•our ability to comply with regulatory requirements; and
•new lawsuits, investigations or similar matters or unanticipated developments related to current matters.
we routinely evaluate and may pursue acquisitions of or investments in businesses, products, technologies, loan portfolios or deposits, which may involve payment in cash or our debt or equity securities.
the foregoing review of important factors should not be construed as exclusive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this annual report on form 10-k. these factors expressly qualify all subsequent oral and written forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. except for any ongoing obligations to disclose material information as required under u.s. federal securities laws, we do not have any intention or obligation to update forward-looking statements after we distribute this annual report on form 10-k, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
-43-
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis constitutes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k particularly under "risk factors" and "special note regarding forward-looking statements," which immediately follows "risk factors." unless otherwise specified, references to notes to our consolidated financial statements are to the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2022 and 2021 and for years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
introduction and overview discover financial services ("dfs") is a digital banking and payment services company. we provide digital banking products and services and payment services through our subsidiaries. we offer our customers credit card loans, private student loans, personal loans, home loans and deposit products. we also operate the discover network, the pulse network ("pulse") and diners club international ("diners club"), collectively known as the discover global network. the discover network processes transactions for discover-branded credit and debit cards and provides payment transaction processing and settlement services. pulse operates an electronic funds transfer network, providing financial institutions issuing debit cards on the pulse network with access to atms domestically and internationally and merchant acceptance throughout the united states of america ("u.s.") for debit card transactions. diners club is a global payments network of licensees, which are generally financial institutions, that issue diners club branded credit and charge cards and/or provide card acceptance services.
our primary revenues consist of interest income earned on loan receivables and fees earned from customers, financial institutions, merchants and issuers. the primary expenses required to operate our business include funding costs (interest expense), credit loss provisions, customer rewards and expenses incurred to grow, manage and service our loan receivables and networks. our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables and the issuance of unsecured debt.
2022 highlights the highlights below compare results as of and for the year ended december 31, 2022 against results as of and for the year ended december 31, 2021.
•net income was $4.4 billion, or $15.50 per diluted share, compared to net income of $5.4 billion, or $17.83 per diluted share, in the prior year.
•total loans grew $18.4 billion, or 20%, to $112.1 billion.
•credit card loans grew $15.7 billion, or 21%, to $90.1 billion.
•the net charge-off rate for credit card loans decreased 4 basis points to 2.05% and the delinquency rate for credit card loans over 30 days past due increased 87 basis points to 2.53%.
•direct-to-consumer deposits grew $8.6 billion, or 14%, to $70.5 billion.
•payment services transaction volume for the segment was $331.1 billion, up 5%.
-47-
outlook the outlook below provides our current expectations for our financial results based on market conditions, the regulatory and legal environment and our business strategies.
•we expect continued loan growth driven by recent account growth, moderation in the payment rate and our current expectations of sales trends.
•based on the current interest rate environment, net interest margin is expected to modestly increase in comparison to 2022.
•we expect the total net charge-off rate to increase, in comparison to the prior year, driven by continued credit normalization and seasoning of recent vintages.
•total expenses are expected to increase, driven by employee compensation and benefits expense from higher headcount and marketing and business development expense, and we remain committed to managing expenses while continuing to make investments in profitable long-term growth.
regulatory environment and developments banking capital standards and stress testing as a bank holding company, dfs is subject to mandatory supervisory stress tests every other year and is required to submit annual capital plans to the federal reserve based on forward-looking internal analysis of income and capital levels under expected and stressful conditions. dfs is also subject to capital buffer requirements, including the stress capital buffer ("scb"), which requires maintenance of regulatory capital levels above a threshold established based on the results of supervisory stress tests after accounting for planned dividend payments.
in january 2021, the federal reserve finalized regulatory amendments that made targeted changes to the capital planning, regulatory reporting and scb requirements for firms subject to category iv standards, including dfs, to be consistent with the federal reserve's regulatory tailoring framework. the final rules generally align to instructions the federal reserve previously provided to category iv firms regarding their respective capital plan submissions. the amended rules also provide category iv firms with the option to submit to supervisory stress tests during off years if they wish for the federal reserve to reset the stress test portion of their scb requirement. the federal reserve also revised the scope of application of its existing regulatory guidance for capital planning to align with the tailoring framework. however, the timing and substance of any additional changes to existing guidance or new guidance are uncertain.
in june 2021, the federal reserve announced the results of its supervisory stress tests for the firms required to participate in the 2021 comprehensive capital analysis and review ("ccar") process. in accordance with the capital plan rule amendments, dfs elected not to participate in the 2021 supervisory stress tests. nevertheless, dfs was required to submit a capital plan based on a forward-looking internal assessment of income and capital under baseline and stressful conditions. the federal reserve thereafter used our 2021 capital plan submission to assess its capital planning process and positions and, in august 2021, announced dfs' adjusted scb requirement of 3.6% to reflect dfs' planned common stock dividends. this adjusted scb is effective through october 1, 2022. discover was a full participant in the 2022 ccar process and submitted the 2022 capital plan to the federal reserve by the april 5, 2022 due date.
in june 2022, the federal reserve released results of the 2022 ccar exercise. discover's results showed strong capital levels under stress, well above regulatory minimums. these results were used to set the new scb effective october 1, 2022. in august 2022, the federal reserve established the new scb for dfs is 2.5%, the lowest possible requirement.
london interbank offered rate in july 2017, the uk financial conduct authority ("fca") announced that it would no longer encourage or compel banks to continue to contribute quotes and maintain the london interbank offered rate ("libor") after 2021. to support a smooth transition away from libor, the federal reserve and the federal reserve bank of new york convened the alternative reference rates committee ("arrc"), a group of private-market participants tasked with facilitating a successful transition from u.s. dollar ("usd") libor to a more robust reference rate. the arrc identified the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as its recommended alternative reference rate for usd libor. the arrc has also established several priorities and milestones to support the use of sofr and sofr-based indices,
-48-
including developing contractual "fallback" language for capital markets and consumer products; providing clarity on legal, tax, accounting and regulatory matters; promoting broad outreach and education efforts around the libor transition; and recommending spread adjustments for sofr and sofr-based indices, which will be of critical importance to market participants once usd libor settings cease in 2023.
in march 2021, the fca announced the future cessation and loss of representativeness for all libor benchmark settings. while non-usd and several less frequently referenced usd libor settings ceased publication immediately after december 31, 2021, commonly referenced usd libor settings will cease publication immediately after june 30, 2023; this future cessation event will trigger fallback provisions in many financial contracts that require conversion of the benchmark index from libor to an alternative rate. in july 2021, the arrc announced its recommendation of forward-looking term rates based on sofr as additional alternative reference rate options.
in december 2021, the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb") finalized a rule to facilitate transition from libor, which became effective on april 1, 2022. specifically, this final rule provides guidance on libor replacements and the libor transition for purposes of regulation z. we have communicated with the cfpb regarding our plans for the libor transition.
a cross-functional team is overseeing and managing our transition away from the use of libor. this team assesses evolving industry and marketplace norms and conventions for libor-indexed instruments, evaluates the impacts stemming from the future cessation of libor publication and oversees and takes actions to transition our libor exposures to alternative benchmark rates, usually sofr. our existing libor exposures are limited to two instruments - variable-rate student loans and capital markets securities.
as of december 31, 2022, libor-indexed variable-rate loans comprised approximately 39% of our private student loan portfolio and approximately 4% of our aggregate loan portfolio. these outstanding student loans indexed to libor will convert to a sofr index in 2023 when 3-month usd libor ceases to be a representative reference rate. as of november 2021, we no longer originate new variable-rate student loans indexed to libor. instead, new originations of such loans are indexed solely to 3-month term sofr published by the chicago mercantile exchange.
we ceased entering into new libor-indexed interest rate derivatives in 2018 and have since actively reduced libor exposures in our derivatives portfolio. during the third quarter of 2021, we terminated our last libor-indexed interest rate swap maturing after june 2023; our last libor-indexed interest rate swap matured in january 2022.
most of our capital markets securities indexed to usd libor are floating-rate asset-backed securities. beginning in 2018, we included fallback provisions in all newly-issued securities that will facilitate an orderly transition from libor to an appropriate reference rate, which may be based on sofr, once 1- and 3-month libor cease to be published after june 2023. approximately $1.5 billion of our capital markets securities that mature after june 2023 with no fallback provisions would be covered under federal legislation enacted in march 2022. this legislation would allow us to replace the libor index with sofr under a safe harbor provision. approximately $500 million of our capital markets securities have a rate reset in august 2023 that contains a fallback provision that may not be covered under the federal libor legislation; however, we may decide to exercise our right to call and redeem those securities on their reset date.
we have prepared for the cessation of usd libor by taking steps to avoid new exposures and actively reduce our remaining exposures. we completed scheduled transition work before year-end 2021, including providing our stakeholders with information about the cessation of usd libor and how it will affect their contracts with us. the transition process will continue through the end of 2023.
consumer financial services the cfpb regulates consumer financial products and services and examines certain providers of consumer financial products and services, including discover. the cfpb's authority includes rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers with respect to federal consumer protection laws; preventing "unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices" ("udaap") and ensuring that consumers have access to fair, transparent and competitive financial products and services. historically, the cfpb's policy priorities focused on several financial products of the type we offer (e.g., credit cards and other consumer lending products). in addition, the cfpb is required by statute to undertake certain actions including its biennial review of the consumer credit card market.
under director rohit chopra's leadership, the cfpb's priorities have focused on and are expected to continue focusing on, among other things, increased enforcement of existing consumer protection laws, with a particular focus on
-49-
fees charged to consumers, udaap, fair lending, student lending and servicing, debt collection and credit reporting. additionally, detection of repeat offenders, such as companies that violate a formal court or agency order, has become a priority for the cfpb. director chopra, in march 2022, identified, as repeat offenders, several companies that have had multiple enforcement actions, including us. the cfpb has recently taken action against financial institutions for violating prior enforcement actions. enhanced regulatory requirements, potential supervisory findings, or enforcement actions and ratings could negatively impact our ability to implement certain consumer-focused enhancements to product features and functionality and business strategies, limit or change our business practices, limit our consumer product offerings, cause us to invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts or limit our ability to obtain related required regulatory approvals. the additional expense, time and resources needed to comply with ongoing or new regulatory requirements may adversely impact the cost of and access to credit for consumers and results of business operations.
in december 2020, certain of our subsidiaries entered into a consent order with the cfpb regarding identified private student loan servicing practices. see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information.
data security and privacy policymakers at the federal and state levels remain focused on enhancing data security and data breach incident response requirements. furthermore, regulations and legislation at various levels of government have been proposed and enacted to augment consumer data privacy standards. the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa") creates a broad set of privacy rights and remedies modeled in part on the european union's general data protection regulation. the ccpa went into effect in january 2020, and the california attorney general's final regulations became effective in august 2020, with enforcement beginning in july 2020. the california privacy rights act ("cpra"), a ballot measure led by the original proponent of the ccpa, passed in november 2020, with an effective date of january 1, 2023, and enforcement set to begin on july 1, 2023. the cpra replaces the ccpa to enhance consumer privacy protections further and creates a new california privacy protection agency ("cppa"). the cppa board released a notice of proposed rulemaking with final regulations still forthcoming. while the cpra retains an exemption for information collected, processed, sold, or disclosed subject to the gramm-leach-bliley act, we continue to evaluate the impact of the cpra on our businesses and other providers of consumer financial services.
environmental, social and governance matters environmental, social and governance ("esg") issues, including climate change, human capital and governance practices, are a significant area of focus by lawmakers at the state and federal levels, regulatory agencies, shareholders and other stakeholders. proposed legislation and rulemakings have been issued or are being considered, including proposals to require disclosure of climate, cybersecurity and other esg metrics and risk. the potential impact to us of these legislative and regulatory developments is uncertain at this time.
in particular, in march 2022, the securities and exchange commission proposed climate-related disclosure requirements. through an enterprise-wide working group, we continue to assess the potential impact of the proposed rules, if adopted.
results of operations the discussion below provides a summary of our results of operations and information about our loan receivables as of and for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. refer to our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, for discussion of our results of operations and loan receivables information as of and for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the year ended december 31, 2020.
-50-
segments we manage our business activities in two segments, digital banking and payment services, based on the products and services provided. for a detailed description of the operations of each segment, as well as the allocation conventions used in our business segment reporting, see note 22: segment disclosures to our consolidated financial statements.
the following table presents segment data (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,
2022                                                                                   2021                            2020
digital banking interest income credit card loans                              $10,632                          $8,717                          $8,985
private student loans                              831                             742                             754
personal loans                                     872                             878                             958
other loans                                        167                             114                             106
other interest income                              362                             200                             292
total interest income                           12,864                          10,651                          11,095
interest expense                                 1,865                           1,134                           1,865
net interest income                             10,999                           9,517                           9,230
provision for credit losses                      2,359                             218                           5,134
other income                                     2,162                           1,781                           1,459
other expense                                    5,069                           4,549                           4,292
income before income tax expense                 5,733                           6,531                           1,263
payment services other income                                       176                             789                             399
other expense                                      167                             256                             227
income before income tax expense                     9                             533                             172
total income before income tax expense          $5,742                          $7,064                          $1,435
-51-
the following table presents information on transaction volume (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,
2022                                                                                          2021                              2020
network transaction volume pulse network                                      $253,072                          $247,913                          $212,081
network partners                                     44,542                            40,707                            31,917
diners club(1)                                       33,505                            25,937                            24,236
total payment services                              331,119                           314,557                           268,234
discover network - proprietary(2)                   218,738                           188,960                           148,754
total network transaction volume                   $549,857                          $503,517                          $416,988
transactions processed on networks discover network                                      3,617                             3,259                             2,624
pulse network                                         6,200                             5,632                             4,954
total transaction processed on networks               9,817                             8,891                             7,578
credit card volume discover card volume(3)                            $224,477                          $192,755                          $153,943
discover card sales volume(4)                      $210,645                          $182,125                          $142,800
(1)diners club volume is derived from data provided by licensees for diners club branded cards issued outside north america and is subject to subsequent revision or amendment.
(2)represents gross discover card sales volume on the discover network.
(3)represents discover card activity related to sales net of returns, balance transfers, cash advances and other activity.
(4)represents discover card activity related to sales net of returns.
digital banking our digital banking segment reported pretax income of $5.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to $6.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021.
net interest income increased for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by a higher average level of receivables and higher yield on loans, partially offset by higher funding costs. interest income increased compared to the prior year primarily due to a higher average level of loan receivables and higher market rates. interest expense increased compared to the prior year primarily due to higher funding costs driven by higher market rates and a larger funding base.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, the provision for credit losses increased as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by continued loan growth. for a detailed discussion on provision for credit losses, see "- loan quality - provision and allowance for credit losses."
total other income for the digital banking segment increased for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in net discount and interchange revenue and loan fee income. the increase in discount and interchange revenue was partially offset by an increase in rewards, both of which were driven by higher sales volume. loan fee income increased primarily due to higher volume of late payments.
total other expense increased for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in marketing and business development, employee compensation and benefits and professional fees. the increase in marketing and business development was driven by growth investments in card and consumer banking. employee compensation and benefits increased primarily from higher headcount. the increase in professional fees was due primarily to investments in technology and increased consulting costs.
discover card sales volume was $210.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, which was an increase of 15.7% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. this volume growth was primarily driven by higher consumer spending across all spending categories.
-52-
payment services our payment services segment reported pretax income of $9 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to pretax income of $533 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease in segment pretax income was primarily due to net losses on equity investments as a result of a decrease in the fair value of those investments.
critical accounting estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. ("gaap"), management must make judgments and use estimates and assumptions about the effects of matters that are uncertain. for estimates that involve a high degree of judgment and subjectivity, it is possible that different estimates could reasonably be derived for the same period. for estimates that are particularly sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions, significant changes to the estimated amount from period to period are also possible. management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and, in certain cases, could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition. management has identified the estimates related to our allowance for credit losses as a critical accounting estimate.
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses was $7.4 billion at december 31, 2022, which reflects a $552 million build from the amount of the allowance for credit losses at december 31, 2021. the allowance for credit losses represents management's estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of our financial assets measured at amortized cost. changes in the allowance for credit losses, and in the related provision for credit losses, can materially affect net income.
in estimating the expected credit losses, we use a combination of statistical models and qualitative analysis. there is a significant amount of judgment applied in selecting inputs and analyzing the results produced to estimate the allowance for credit losses. for more information on these judgments and our accounting policies and methodologies used to determine the allowance for credit losses, see "- loan quality," note 4: loan receivables and note 2: summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements.
one of the key assumptions requiring significant judgment in estimating the current expected credit losses ("cecl") on a quarterly basis is the determination of the macroeconomic forecasts used in the loss forecast models. for the reasonable and supportable loss forecast period, we consider forecasts of multiple economic scenarios that generally include a base scenario with one or more optimistic (upside) or pessimistic (downside) scenarios. these scenarios comprise a variety of macroeconomic variables, including annualized gross domestic product growth and unemployment rate. the scenarios that are chosen each quarter and the amount of weighting given to each scenario depend on a variety of factors including recent economic events, leading economic indicators, views of internal and third-party economists and industry trends. assumptions about the macroeconomic environment are inherently uncertain and, as a result, actual changes in the allowance for credit losses may be different from the simulated scenario presented below.
to demonstrate the sensitivity of the estimated credit losses to the macroeconomic scenarios, we measured the impact of altering the weighting of macroeconomic scenarios used in our loss forecast. our allowance for credit losses would increase by approximately $589 million at december 31, 2022 if we applied 100% weight to the most adverse scenario in our sensitivity analysis to reflect continued inflationary pressures, including persistent supply-chain disruptions and the influence of geopolitical events, as well as high interest rates.
the sensitivity disclosed above is hypothetical. it is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one factor or input, such as the weighting of macroeconomic forecasts, might affect the overall allowance for credit losses because we consider a variety of factors and inputs in estimating the allowance for credit losses. the macroeconomic scenarios used are constructed with interrelated projections of multiple economic variables, and loss estimates are produced that consider the historical correlation of those economic variables with credit losses. the inputs in the macroeconomic scenarios may not change at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or product types, and changes in factors and inputs may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor or input may offset deterioration in others. as a result, the sensitivity analysis above does not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of
-53-
future changes in the allowance for credit losses. it is intended to provide insights into the impact of different judgments about the economy on our modeled loss estimates for the loan portfolio and does not imply any expectation of future losses. furthermore, the hypothetical increase in our allowance for credit losses for loans does not incorporate the impact of management judgment for qualitative factors applied in the current allowance for credit losses, which may have a positive or negative effect on our actual financial condition and results of operations.
the overall economic environment directly impacts the macroeconomic variables that are used in the loss forecast models. if management used different assumptions about the economic environment in estimating expected credit losses, the impact to the allowance for credit losses could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. in addition, if we experience significant instability in the economic environment, the uncertainty around the credit loss forecasts may increase, both due to the uncertainty of the economic forecasts and the challenges our models may have in incorporating them.
earnings summary the following table outlines changes in our consolidated statements of income (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,                                             2022 vs. 2021                                           2021 vs. 2020
increase (decrease)                                     (decrease) increase
2022                                                                                                  2021                            2020                                          $              %                                        $              %
interest income                                               $12,864                         $10,651                         $11,095                      $2,213                            21    %               $(444)                           (4)    %
interest expense                                                1,865                           1,134                           1,865                         731                            64    %                (731)                          (39)    %
net interest income                                            10,999                           9,517                           9,230                       1,482                            16    %                  287                             3    %
provision for credit losses                                     2,359                             218                           5,134                       2,141                                 nm              (4,916)                          (96)    %
net interest income after provision for credit losses           8,640                           9,299                           4,096                       (659)                           (7)    %                5,203                           127    %
other income                                                    2,338                           2,570                           1,858                       (232)                           (9)    %                  712                            38    %
other expense                                                   5,236                           4,805                           4,519                         431                             9    %                  286                             6    %
income before income tax expense                                5,742                           7,064                           1,435                     (1,322)                          (19)    %                5,629                           392    %
income tax expense                                              1,350                           1,615                             294                       (265)                          (16)    %                1,321                           449    %
net income                                                     $4,392                          $5,449                          $1,141                    $(1,057)                          (19)    %               $4,308                           378    %
net income allocated to common stockholders                    $4,304                          $5,351                          $1,104                    $(1,047)                          (20)    %               $4,247                           385    %
-54-
net interest income the tables that follow this section have been provided to supplement the discussion below and provide further analysis of net interest income, net interest margin and the impact of rate and volume changes on net interest income. net interest income represents the difference between interest income earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred to finance those assets. we analyze net interest income in total by calculating net interest margin (net interest income as a percentage of average total loan receivables) and net yield on interest-earning assets (net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets). we also separately consider the impact of the level of loan receivables and the related interest yield and the impact of the cost of funds related to each of our funding sources, along with the income generated by our liquidity portfolio, on net interest income.
our interest-earning assets consist of: (i) cash and cash equivalents primarily related to amounts on deposit with the federal reserve bank of philadelphia, (ii) restricted cash, (iii) other short-term investments, (iv) investment securities and (v) loan receivables. our interest-bearing liabilities consist primarily of deposits, both direct-to-consumer and brokered, and long-term borrowings, including amounts owed to securitization investors. the following factors influence net interest income:
•the level and composition of loan receivables, including the proportion of credit card loans to other loans, as well as the proportion of loan receivables bearing interest at promotional rates as compared to standard rates;
•the credit performance of our loans, particularly with regard to charge-offs of finance charges, which reduce interest income;
•the terms of long-term borrowings and certificates of deposit upon initial offering, including maturity and interest rate;
•the interest rates necessary to attract and maintain direct-to-consumer deposits;
•the level and composition of other interest-earning assets, including our liquidity portfolio, and interest-bearing liabilities;
•changes in the interest rate environment, including the levels of interest rates and the relationships among interest rate indices, such as the prime rate, the federal funds rate, the interest rate on reserve balances, libor and sofr; and
•the effectiveness of interest rate swaps in our interest rate risk management program.
net interest income increased for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by a higher average level of receivables and higher yield on loans, partially offset by higher funding costs. interest income increased compared to the prior year primarily due to a higher average level of loan receivables and higher market rates. interest expense increased compared to the prior year primarily due to higher funding costs driven by higher market rates and a larger funding base.
-55-
average balance sheet analysis
(dollars in millions)
for the years ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2021                                                                                2020
average balance                    yield/rate                  interest                  average balance                    yield/rate                  interest                     average                    yield/rate                  interest balance assets interest-earning assets cash and cash equivalents                                    $9,279                            1.89     %                 $175                       $14,236                            0.13     %                  $18                     $11,348                         0.30     %                  $35
restricted cash                                                 515                            1.48     %                    8                           695                            0.03     %                        nm                    438                         0.45     %                    2
other short-term investments                                      -                               -                          -                           176                            0.12     %                        nm                  2,677                         0.14     %                    4
investment securities                                         6,988                            2.57     %                  179                         8,713                            2.09     %                  182                      11,431                         2.21     %                  252
loan receivables(1)
credit card loans(2)(3)                                      79,243                           13.42     %               10,632                        69,365                           12.57     %                8,717                      71,447                        12.58     %                8,985
private student loans                                        10,240                            8.11     %                  831                        10,057                            7.38     %                  742                       9,890                         7.63     %                  754
personal loans                                                7,295                           11.95     %                  872                         6,945                           12.64     %                  878                       7,406                        12.93     %                  958
other                                                         2,895                            5.77     %                  167                         2,054                            5.57     %                  114                       1,660                         6.35     %                  105
total loan receivables                                       99,673                           12.54     %               12,502                        88,421                           11.82     %               10,451                      90,403                        11.95     %               10,802
total interest-earning assets                               116,455                           11.05     %               12,864                       112,241                            9.49     %               10,651                     116,297                         9.54     %               11,095
allowance for credit losses                                 (6,820)                                                                                  (7,351)                                                                                (7,301)
other assets                                                  6,070                                                                                    6,237                                                                                  5,853
total assets(4)                                            $115,705                                                                                 $111,127                                                                               $114,849
liabilities and stockholders' equity interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits time deposits                                               $23,988                            2.02     %                  484                       $23,928                            1.84     %                  440                     $32,226                         2.40     %                  772
money market deposits(5)                                      8,453                            1.67     %                  141                         8,142                            0.53     %                   43                       7,774                         1.10     %                   85
other interest-bearing savings deposits                      44,276                            1.43     %                  632                        40,912                            0.43     %                  178                      35,077                         1.06     %                  374
total interest-bearing deposits                              76,717                            1.64     %                1,257                        72,982                            0.91     %                  661                      75,077                         1.64     %                1,231
borrowings short-term borrowings                                           225                            0.70     %                    2                            72                            0.18     %                        nm                  1,024                         3.10     %                   32
securitized borrowings(6)(7)(8)                               9,060                            2.41     %                  219                         9,627                            1.06     %                  102                      12,521                         1.44     %                  181
other long-term borrowings(7)(8)(9)                           9,334                            4.15     %                  387                         9,888                            3.75     %                  371                      10,996                         3.83     %                  421
total borrowings                                             18,619                            3.26     %                  608                        19,587                            2.42     %                  473                      24,541                         2.58     %                  634
total interest-bearing liabilities                           95,336                            1.96     %                1,865                        92,569                            1.23     %                1,134                      99,618                         1.87     %                1,865
other liabilities and stockholders' equity(10)               20,369                                                                                   18,558                                                                                 15,231
total liabilities and stockholders' equity                 $115,705                                                                                 $111,127                                                                               $114,849
net interest income                                                                                                    $10,999                                                                                   $9,517                                                                              $9,230
net interest margin(11)                                                                       11.04     %                                                                              10.76     %                                                                         10.21     %
net yield on interest-earning assets(12)                                                       9.45     %                                                                               8.48     %                                                                          7.94     %
interest rate spread(13)                                                                       9.09     %                                                                               8.26     %                                                                          7.67     %
(1)average balances of loan receivables and yield calculations include non-accruing loans. if the non-accruing loan balances were excluded, there would not be a material impact on the amounts reported above.
(2)interest income on credit card loans includes $365 million, $295 million and $298 million of amortization of balance transfer fees for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(3)includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of floating-rate assets to fixed-rate assets for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
(4)the return on average assets, based on net income, was 3.80%, 4.90% and 0.99% for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(5)includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of floating-rate funding to fixed-rate funding for the year ended december 31, 2020.
(6)includes the impact of one terminated derivative formerly designated as a cash flow hedge for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
(7)includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of fixed-rate funding to floating-rate funding for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
(8)includes the impact of terminated derivatives formerly designated as fair value hedges for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021.
(9)includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of floating-rate funding to fixed-rate funding for the year ended december 31, 2022.
(10)the return on average stockholders' equity, based on net income, was 31.00%, 43.12% and 11.28% for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(11)net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average total loan receivables.
(12)net yield on interest-earning assets represents net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets.
(13)interest rate spread represents the difference between the rate on total interest-earning assets and the rate on total interest-bearing liabilities.
-56-
rate/volume variance analysis(1)
(dollars in millions)
year ended december 31, 2022 vs.                                                      year ended december 31, 2021 vs.
year ended december 31, 2021                                                          year ended december 31, 2020
volume                          rate                           total                    volume                          rate                         total increase/(decrease) in net interest income due to changes in:
interest-earning assets cash and cash equivalents                                                 $(9)                          $166                            $157                        $7                         $(24)                         $(17)
restricted cash                                                              -                             8                               8                         1                           (3)                           (2)
other short-term investments                                                 -                             -                               -                       (3)                           (1)                           (4)
investment securities                                                     (40)                            37                             (3)                      (57)                          (13)                          (70)
loan receivables credit card loans                                                        1,299                           616                           1,915                     (261)                           (7)                         (268)
private student loans                                                       14                            75                              89                        13                          (25)                          (12)
personal loans                                                              43                          (49)                             (6)                      (59)                          (21)                          (80)
other                                                                       48                             5                              53                        23                          (14)                             9
total loan receivables                                                   1,404                           647                           2,051                     (284)                          (67)                         (351)
total interest income                                                    1,355                           858                           2,213                     (336)                         (108)                         (444)
interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits time deposits                                                                1                            43                              44                     (174)                         (158)                         (332)
money market deposits                                                        2                            96                              98                         4                          (46)                          (42)
other interest-bearing savings deposits                                     15                           439                             454                        54                         (250)                         (196)
total interest-bearing deposits                                             18                           578                             596                     (116)                         (454)                         (570)
borrowings short-term borrowings                                                        1                             1                               2                      (16)                          (16)                          (32)
securitized borrowings                                                     (6)                           123                             117                      (37)                          (42)                          (79)
other long-term borrowings                                                (22)                            38                              16                      (42)                           (8)                          (50)
total borrowings                                                          (27)                           162                             135                      (95)                          (66)                         (161)
total interest expense                                                     (9)                           740                             731                     (211)                         (520)                         (731)
net interest income                                                     $1,364                          $118                          $1,482                    $(125)                          $412                          $287
(1)    the rate/volume variance for each category has been allocated on a consistent basis between rate and volume variances between the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 based on the percentage of the rate or volume variance to the sum of the two absolute variances.
-57-
loan quality loan receivables consist of the following (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2022                                                                       2021
credit card loans                       $90,113                     $74,369
other loans private student loans                    10,308                      10,113
personal loans                            7,998                       6,936
other loans                               3,701                       2,266
total other loans                        22,007                      19,315
total loan receivables                  112,120                      93,684
allowance for credit losses             (7,374)                     (6,822)
net loan receivables                   $104,746                     $86,862
provision and allowance for credit losses provision for credit losses is the expense related to maintaining the allowance for credit losses at an appropriate level to absorb the estimate of credit losses anticipated over the remaining expected life of loan receivables at each period end date. in deriving the estimate of expected credit losses, we consider the collectability of principal, interest and fees associated with our loan receivables. we also consider expected recoveries of amounts that were either previously charged-off or are expected to be charged-off. establishing the estimate for expected credit losses requires significant management judgment. the factors that influence the provision for credit losses include:
•increases or decreases in outstanding loan balances, including:
•changes in consumer spending, payment and credit utilization behaviors;
•the level of new account and loan originations and loan maturities; and
•changes in the overall mix of accounts and products within the portfolio;
•the credit quality of the loan portfolio, which reflects our credit granting practices and the effectiveness of collection efforts, among other factors;
•the impact of general economic conditions on the consumer, including national and regional conditions, unemployment levels, bankruptcy trends and interest rate movements;
•the level and direction of historical losses; and
•regulatory changes or new regulatory guidance.
refer to "- critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses" and note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements for more details on how we estimate the allowance for credit losses.
-58-
the following tables provide changes in our allowance for credit losses (dollars in millions):
for the year ended december 31, 2022
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans                   other loans                   total loans loans balance at december 31, 2021                                    $5,273                                $843                              $662                            $44                        $6,822
additions provision for credit losses(1)                                   2,233                                  99                                24                             13                         2,369
deductions charge-offs                                                    (2,417)                               (126)                             (159)                              -                       (2,702)
recoveries                                                         794                                  23                                68                              -                           885
net charge-offs                                                (1,623)                               (103)                              (91)                              -                       (1,817)
balance at december 31, 2022                                    $5,883                                $839                              $595                            $57                        $7,374
for the year ended december 31, 2021
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans                   other loans                   total loans loans balance at december 31, 2020                                    $6,491                                $840                              $857                            $38                        $8,226
additions provision for credit losses(1)                                     229                                  67                              (75)                              6                           227
deductions charge-offs                                                    (2,255)                                (89)                             (190)                              -                       (2,534)
recoveries                                                         808                                  25                                70                              -                           903
net charge-offs                                                (1,447)                                (64)                             (120)                              -                       (1,631)
balance at december 31, 2021                                    $5,273                                $843                              $662                            $44                        $6,822
for the year ended december 31, 2020
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans                   other loans                   total loans loans balance at december 31, 2019(2)                                 $2,883                                $148                              $348                             $4                        $3,383
cumulative effect of asu no. 2016-13 adoption(3)                 1,667                                 505                               265                             24                         2,461
balance at january 1, 2020                                       4,550                                 653                               613                             28                         5,844
additions provision for credit losses(1)                                   4,379                                 251                               476                             11                         5,117
deductions charge-offs                                                    (3,101)                                (85)                             (289)                            (1)                       (3,476)
recoveries                                                         663                                  21                                57                              -                           741
net charge-offs                                                (2,438)                                (64)                             (232)                            (1)                       (2,735)
balance at december 31, 2020                                    $6,491                                $840                              $857                            $38                        $8,226
(1)excludes a $10 million, $9 million and $17 million reclassification of the liability for expected credit losses on unfunded commitments for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as the liability is recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated statements of financial condition.
(2)prior to the adoption of accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, credit losses were estimated using the incurred loss approach.
(3)represents the adjustment to the allowance for credit losses as a result of the adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020.
the allowance for credit losses was approximately $7.4 billion at december 31, 2022, which reflects a $552 million build from the amount of the allowance for credit losses at december 31, 2021. the build in the allowance for credit losses between december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, was primarily driven by loan growth.
in estimating the allowance at december 31, 2022, we used a macroeconomic forecast that resulted in the following weighted average amounts: (i) peak unemployment rate of 4.68%, decreasing to 4.63% by the end of 2023 and (ii) 1.05% annualized growth in the real gross domestic product in 2023.
-59-
in estimating expected credit losses, we considered the uncertainties associated with borrower behavior and payment trends, as well as higher consumer price inflation experienced during 2022 and the fiscal and monetary policy responses to that inflation. in 2022, the federal reserve raised its federal funds rate target range and financial market participants expect additional increases during 2023 in an effort to reduce inflation. in recognition of the risks related to the macroeconomic environment, the estimation of the allowance for credit losses has required significant management judgment.
the forecast period we deemed to be reasonable and supportable was 18 months for all periods presented. the 18-month reasonable and supportable forecast period was deemed appropriate given the current economic conditions. for all periods presented, we determined that a reversion period of 12 months was appropriate for the same reason. we applied a weighted reversion method to provide a more reasonable transition to historical losses for all loan products for all periods presented.
the provision for credit losses is the amount of expense realized after considering the level of net charge-offs in the period and the required amount of allowance for credit losses at the balance sheet date. for the year ended december 31, 2022, the provision for credit losses increased by $2.1 billion, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. the reserve build during the year ended december 31, 2022, was primarily driven by continued loan growth.
net charge-offs our net charge-offs include the principal amount of losses charged off less principal recoveries and exclude charged-off and recovered interest and fees and fraud losses. charged-off and recovered interest and fees are recorded in interest income and loan fee income, respectively, which is effectively a reclassification of the provision for credit losses, while fraud losses are recorded in other expense.
the following table presents amounts and rates of net charge-offs of key loan products (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                2021                                       2020
$         %                                $         %                                $         %
credit card loans                $1,623              2.05   %               $1,447              2.09   %               $2,438              3.41   %
private student loans              $103              1.00   %                  $64              0.63   %                  $64              0.65   %
personal loans                      $91              1.25   %                 $120              1.73   %                 $232              3.13   %
the net charge-offs on our credit card loans for the year ended december 31, 2022, increased when compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily due to continued credit normalization and the seasoning of vintages from the past two years. the net charge-off rate on credit card loans remained relatively flat for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. the net charge-offs and net charge-off rate on private student loans for the year ended december 31, 2022, increased when compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by credit normalization. the net charge-offs and net charge-off rate on personal loans for the year ended december 31, 2022, decreased when compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, due to continued benefit from tighter credit underwriting standards implemented in 2020.
-60-
delinquencies delinquencies are an indicator of credit quality at a point in time. a loan balance is considered delinquent when contractual payments on the loan become 30 days past due.
the following table presents the amounts and delinquency rates of key loan products that are 30 and 90 days or more delinquent, loan receivables that are not accruing interest regardless of delinquency and loans restructured in troubled debt restructuring ("tdr") programs (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2022                                                                                                            2021
$         %                                $         %
loans 30 or more days delinquent credit card loans                            $2,278              2.53   %               $1,232              1.66   %
private student loans                          $212              2.05   %                 $157              1.55   %
personal loans                                  $63              0.80   %                  $48              0.69   %
total loan receivables                       $2,578              2.30   %               $1,451              1.55   %
loans 90 or more days delinquent(1)
credit card loans                            $1,028              1.14   %                 $562              0.76   %
private student loans                           $45              0.43   %                  $36              0.35   %
personal loans                                  $16              0.21   %                  $13              0.20   %
total loan receivables                       $1,101              0.98   %                 $618              0.66   %
loans not accruing interest                    $214              0.19   %                 $225              0.24   %
troubled debt restructurings:
credit card loans(2)(3)(4)
currently enrolled                           $1,608              1.78   %                 $833              1.12   %
no longer enrolled                              212              0.24                      267              0.36
total credit card loans                      $1,820              2.02   %               $1,100              1.48   %
private student loans(5)                       $328              3.18   %                 $249              2.46   %
personal loans(6)                              $178              2.23   %                 $187              2.70   %
(1)credit card loans that were 90 or more days delinquent at december 31, 2022 and 2021, included $55 million and $73 million, respectively, in loans that were previously enrolled in a modification program that was exempt from the tdr designation pursuant to the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act ("cares act"). within private student and personal loans that were 90 or more days delinquent at december 31, 2022 and 2021, the respective amounts associated with modifications exempt from the tdr designation under the cares act were immaterial.
(2)we estimate that interest income recognized on credit card loans restructured in tdr programs was $131 million, $105 million and $221 million for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. we do not separately track interest income on loans in tdr programs. we estimate this amount by applying an average interest rate to the average loans in the various tdr programs.
(3)we estimate that the incremental interest income that would have been recorded in accordance with the original terms of credit card loans restructured in tdr programs was $148 million, $137 million and $181 million for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. we do not separately track the amount of incremental interest income that would have been recorded if the loans in tdr programs had not been restructured and interest had instead been recorded in accordance with the original terms. we estimate this amount by applying the difference between the average interest rate earned on non-modified loans and the average interest rate earned on loans in the tdr programs to the average loans in the tdr programs.
(4)credit card loans restructured in tdr programs include $123 million, $45 million and $94 million at december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are also included in loans 90 or more days delinquent.
(5)private student loans restructured in tdr programs include $10 million, $7 million and $6 million at december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are also included in loans 90 or more days delinquent.
(6)personal loans restructured in tdr programs include $4 million, $4 million and $6 million at december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are also included in loans 90 or more days delinquent.
the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates in the table above include all loans, whether the tdr designation applies or not. the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates for credit card and private student loans at december 31, 2022, increased compared to december 31, 2021, primarily driven by credit normalization. the increase in the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates for credit card was also driven by the seasoning of prior vintages. the 30-day
-61-
delinquency rates for personal loans at december 31, 2022, increased compared to december 31, 2021, primarily driven by credit normalization and the seasoning of prior vintages. the 90-day delinquency rates for personal loans at december 31, 2022, remained relatively flat compared to december 31, 2021.
the balance of credit card and private student loans reported as tdrs increased at december 31, 2022, as compared to december 31, 2021, primarily due to the expiration of the cares act exemption for new modifications effective january 1, 2022. the balance of personal loans reported as tdrs decreased at december 31, 2022, compared to december 31, 2021, primarily due to continued benefit from tighter credit underwriting standards implemented in 2020, partially offset by enrollments in loan modification programs that are no longer exempt from the tdr designation under the cares act.
we believe loan modification programs are useful in assisting customers experiencing financial difficulties and help to prevent defaults. we plan to continue to use loan modification programs as a means to provide relief to customers experiencing financial difficulties.
modified and restructured loans certain loan modifications made in 2021 were not reported as tdrs pursuant to accounting and financial reporting exemptions provided by the cares act. as a result, modifications reported as tdrs were favorably impacted for the year ended december 31, 2021. the cares act exemption ceased to apply after december 31, 2021, and, accordingly, modifications made after that date were reported as tdrs.
the table below reflects the number and balance of both new loan modifications reported as tdrs and new loan modifications excluded from the tdr designation pursuant to the cares act (dollars in millions)(1):
accounts that entered a loan modification program and were classified as tdrs during the period   accounts that entered a loan modification program and were exempt from the tdr designation pursuant to the cares act(1)
number of accounts                                                                      balances   number of accounts                                                                              balances for the year ended december 31, 2022
credit card loans                                            237,339                                                                        $1,545                -                                                                                               $-
private student loans                                          6,841                                                                          $127                -                                                                                               $-
personal loans                                                 6,303                                                                           $86                -                                                                                               $-
for the year ended december 31, 2021
credit card loans                                             64,359                                                                          $399                127,878                                                                                         $907
private student loans                                            477                                                                            $8                8,844                                                                                           $170
personal loans                                                 4,066                                                                           $51                1,378                                                                                           $21
(1)accounts that entered into a loan modification on or after january 1, 2022, are not eligible for this exemption.
the number and balance of new credit card and personal loan modifications increased during the year ended december 31, 2022, when compared to total modifications, including both tdrs and those exempt from the tdr designation, in the same period in 2021. the increase was primarily due to the expiration of government stimulus and disaster relief programs.
the number and balance of new private student loan modifications decreased during the year ended december 31, 2022, when compared to total modifications, including both tdrs and those exempt from the tdr designation, in the same period in 2021. the decrease was primarily due to heightened utilization of programs in the prior periods driven by the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on student loan borrowers.
-62-
the following table provides the number of accounts that exited a temporary loan modification program that were exempt from the tdr designation pursuant to the cares act and corresponding outstanding balances along with the amount of the outstanding balances that were delinquent (30 or more days past due) upon exiting the temporary loan modification program (dollars in millions):(1)
number of accounts       outstanding balances   balances delinquent(1)
for the year ended december 31, 2022
credit card loans                                    101,273                       $552            $110
private student loans                                  3,897                        $76            nm personal loans                                           649                         $9            nm for the year ended december 31, 2021
credit card loans                                    198,506                     $1,183            $166
private student loans                                  8,788                       $157            nm personal loans                                         4,809                        $72            nm
(1)includes balances charged-off at the end of the month the account exited the temporary loan modification program. the balances charged-off were not meaningful for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021.
the following table provides the balance of loan receivables restructured through a temporary loan modification program that were exempt from the tdr designation pursuant to the cares act (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2022                                                                                                2021
$         %                                $         %
credit card loans                $1,187              1.32   %               $1,620              2.18   %
private student loans              $193              1.87   %                 $242              2.39   %
personal loans                      $16              0.20   %                  $45              0.65   %
our estimate of expected loss reflected in our allowance for credit losses includes the risk associated with all loans, including all modified loans. refer to "- delinquencies" and note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements for additional details of our use of loan modification programs to provide relief to customers experiencing financial hardship, tdrs and the allowance for credit losses.
maturities and sensitivities of loan receivables to changes in interest rates our loan portfolio had the following maturity distribution(1) (dollars in millions):
at december 31, 2022                 due one                  due after                                       due after                due after fifteen years             total year or                   one year                five years through fifteen years less                    through five years credit card loans               $26,846                   $47,894                                  $14,926                                      $447                 $90,113
private student loans               345                     2,131                                    7,129                                       703                  10,308
personal loans                    2,224                     5,364                                      410                                         -                   7,998
other loans                         115                       487                                    1,353                                     1,746                   3,701
total loan portfolio            $29,530                   $55,876                                  $23,818                                    $2,896                $112,120
(1)    because of the uncertainty regarding loan repayment patterns, the above amounts have been calculated using contractually required minimum payments. historically, actual loan repayments have been higher than such minimum payments and, therefore, the above amounts may not necessarily be indicative of our actual loan repayments.
at december 31, 2022, approximately $51.0 billion of our loan portfolio due after one year had interest rates tied to an index and approximately $31.6 billion were fixed-rate loans.
-63-
other income the following table presents the components of other income (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,                                           2022 vs. 2021                                         2021 vs. 2020
increase (decrease)                                   increase (decrease)
2022                                                                     2021                            2020                                          $              %                                      $              %
discount and interchange revenue, net(1)           $1,424                          $1,224                            $933                      $200                            16    %               $291                            31    %
protection products revenue                           172                             165                             180                         7                             4    %               (15)                           (8)    %
loan fee income                                       632                             464                             414                       168                            36    %                 50                            12    %
transaction processing revenue                        249                             227                             195                        22                            10    %                 32                            16    %
(losses) gains on equity investments                (214)                             424                              80                     (638)                         (150)    %                344                           430    %
other income                                           75                              66                              56                         9                            14    %                 10                            18    %
total other income                                 $2,338                          $2,570                          $1,858                    $(232)                           (9)    %               $712                            38    %
(1)net of rewards, including cashback bonus rewards, of $3.0 billion, $2.5 billion and $1.9 billion for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
total other income decreased for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily due to net losses on equity investments partially offset by increases in net discount and interchange revenue and loan fee income. the net loss on equity investments was a result of a decrease in the fair value of those investments. the increase in discount and interchange revenue was partially offset by an increase in rewards, both of which were driven by higher sales volume. loan fee income increased primarily due to higher volume of late payments.
other expense the following table represents the components of other expense (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,                                         2022 vs. 2021                                         2021 vs. 2020
increase (decrease)                                   increase (decrease)
2022                                                                                      2021                            2020                                      $              %                                      $              %
employee compensation and benefits                 $2,139                          $1,986                          $1,894                    $153                             8    %                $92                             5    %
marketing and business development                  1,035                             810                             659                     225                            28    %                151                            23    %
information processing and communications             513                             500                             540                      13                             3    %               (40)                           (7)    %
professional fees                                     871                             797                             717                      74                             9    %                 80                            11    %
premises and equipment                                118                              92                             113                      26                            28    %               (21)                          (19)    %
other expense                                         560                             620                             596                    (60)                          (10)    %                 24                             4    %
total other expense                                $5,236                          $4,805                          $4,519                    $431                             9    %               $286                             6    %
total other expense increased for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in marketing and business development, employee compensation and benefits and professional fees. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in other expense. the increase in marketing and business development was driven by growth investments in card and consumer banking. employee compensation and benefits increased primarily from higher headcount. the increase in professional fees was due primarily to investments in technology and increased consulting costs. the decrease in other expense was driven by certain one-time items in the prior period.
-64-
income tax expense the following table reconciles our effective tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                                2021                          2020
u.s. federal statutory income tax rate                                                         21.0    %                       21.0    %                     21.0    %
u.s. state, local and other income taxes, net of u.s. federal income tax benefits               3.4                             3.4                           3.4
tax credits                                                                                   (1.3)                           (1.2)                         (4.4)
other                                                                                           0.4                           (0.3)                           0.5
effective income tax rate                                                                      23.5    %                       22.9    %                     20.5    %
income tax expense                                                                           $1,350                          $1,615                          $294
liquidity and capital resources funding and liquidity we seek to maintain stable, diversified and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. in managing our liquidity risk, we seek to maintain a prudent liability maturity profile and ready access to an ample store of primary and contingent liquidity sources. our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations and other short-term and long-term borrowings. our primary liquidity sources include a portfolio composed of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities, as well as secured borrowing capacity through private term asset-backed securitizations and federal home loan bank ("fhlb") advances. in addition, we have unused borrowing capacity at the federal reserve discount window, which provides another source of contingent liquidity.
funding sources deposits we obtain deposits from consumers directly or through affinity relationships ("direct-to-consumer deposits"). additionally, we obtain deposits through third-party securities brokerage firms that offer our deposits to their customers ("brokered deposits"). direct-to-consumer deposit products include savings accounts, certificates of deposit, money market accounts, ira savings accounts, ira certificates of deposit and checking accounts. brokered deposit products include certificates of deposit and sweep accounts. in accordance with the federal deposit insurance corporation's ("fdic") final rule on revisions to its brokered deposits regulation, we no longer categorize certain retail deposit products such as affinity deposits and deposits generated through certain sweep deposit relationships as brokered for regulatory reporting purposes. at december 31, 2022, we had $70.5 billion of direct-to-consumer deposits and $21.1 billion of brokered deposits, of which there are $76.6 billion of deposit balances due in less than one year and $15.0 billion of deposit balances due in one year or thereafter.
credit card securitization financing we securitize credit card receivables as a source of funding. we access the asset-backed securitization market using the discover card master trust i ("dcmt") and the discover card execution note trust ("dcent"). in connection with our securitization transactions, credit card receivables are transferred to dcmt. dcmt has issued a certificate representing the beneficial interest in its credit card receivables to dcent. we issue dcent discoverseries notes in public and private transactions, which are collateralized by the beneficial interest certificate held by dcent. from time to time, we may add credit card receivables to dcmt to create sufficient funding capacity for future securitizations while managing seller's interest. we retain significant exposure to the performance of the securitized credit card receivables through holding the seller's interest and subordinated classes of dcent discoverseries notes. at december 31, 2022, we had $10.2 billion of outstanding public asset-backed securities and $3.3 billion of outstanding subordinated asset-backed securities that had been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries.
-65-
the securitization structures include certain features designed to protect investors. the primary feature relates to the availability and adequacy of cash flows in the securitized pool of receivables to meet contractual requirements, the insufficiency of which triggers early repayment of the securities. we refer to this as "economic early amortization," which is based on excess spread levels. excess spread is the amount by which income received with respect to the securitized credit card receivables during a collection period including interest collections, fees and interchange, exceeds the fees and expenses of dcent during such collection period, including interest expense, servicing fees and charged-off receivables. in the event of an economic early amortization, which would occur if the excess spread fell below 0% on a three-month rolling average basis, we would be required to repay all outstanding securitized borrowings using available collections received with respect to the securitized credit card receivables. for the three months ended december 31, 2022, the discoverseries three-month rolling average excess spread was 14.73%. the period of ultimate repayment would be determined by the amount and timing of collections received.
through our wholly-owned indirect subsidiary, discover funding llc, we are required to maintain an interest in a contractual minimum level of receivables in dcmt in excess of the face value of outstanding investors' interests. this minimum interest is referred to as the minimum seller's interest. the required minimum seller's interest in the pool of trust receivables is approximately 7% in excess of the total investors' interests, which includes interests held by third parties as well as those interests held by us. if the level of receivables in dcmt were to fall below the required minimum, we would be required to add receivables from the unrestricted pool of receivables, which would increase the amount of credit card receivables restricted for securitization investors. a decline in the amount of the excess seller's interest could occur if balance repayments and charge-offs exceeded new lending on the securitized accounts or as a result of changes in total outstanding investors' interests. seller's interest exhibits seasonality as higher receivable balance repayments tend to occur in the first calendar year quarter. if we could not add enough receivables to satisfy the minimum seller's interest requirement, an early amortization (or repayment) of investors' interests would be triggered.
an early amortization event would impair our liquidity and may require us to utilize our available non-securitization related contingent liquidity or rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time. we have several strategies we can deploy to prevent an early amortization event. for instance, we could add receivables to dcmt, which would reduce our available borrowing capacity at the federal reserve discount window. as of december 31, 2022, there were $25.8 billion of credit card receivables in the trust and no accounts were added to those restricted for securitization investors for the year ended december 31, 2022. alternatively, we could employ structured discounting, which was used effectively in 2009 to bolster excess spread and mitigate early amortization risk.
the following table summarizes expected contractual maturities of the investors' interests in credit card securitizations, excluding those that have been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries (dollars in millions):
at december 31, 2022                                                                      total           less than         one year and thereafter one year scheduled maturities of borrowings - owed to credit card securitization investors         $10,175         $1,472            $8,703
the "aaa(sf)" and "aaa(sf)" ratings of the dcent discoverseries class a notes issued to date have been based, in part, on an fdic rule, which created a safe harbor that provides that the fdic, as conservator or receiver, will not use its power to disaffirm or repudiate contracts, seek to reclaim or recover assets transferred in connection with a securitization, or recharacterize assets transferred in connection with a securitization as assets of the insured depository institution, provided such transfer satisfies the conditions for sale accounting treatment under previous gaap. although the implementation of financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards codification topic 860, transfers and servicing, no longer qualified certain transfers of assets for sale accounting treatment, the fdic approved a final rule that preserved the safe-harbor treatment applicable to revolving trusts and master trusts, including dcmt, so long as those trusts would have satisfied the original fdic safe harbor if evaluated under gaap pertaining to transfers of financial assets in effect prior to december 2009. however, other legislative and regulatory developments may impact our ability or desire to issue asset-backed securities in the future.
-66-
federal home loan bank advances discover bank is a member bank of the fhlb of chicago, one of 11 fhlbs that, along with the office of finance, compose the fhlb system. the fhlbs are government-sponsored enterprises of the u.s. ("u.s. gses") chartered to improve the availability of funds to support home ownership. as such, senior debt obligations of the fhlbs feature the same credit ratings as u.s. treasury securities and are considered high-quality liquid assets for bank regulatory purposes. consequently, the fhlbs benefit from consistent capital market access during nearly all macroeconomic and financial market conditions and low funding costs, which they pass on to their member banks when they borrow advances. thus, we consider fhlb advances a stable and reliable funding source for discover bank for short-term contingent liquidity and long-term asset-liability management.
as a member of the fhlb of chicago, discover bank has access to short- and long-term advance structures with maturities ranging from overnight to 30 years. as of december 31, 2022, we had total committed borrowing capacity of $2.2 billion based on the amount and type of assets pledged, of which $525 million of long-term advances were outstanding with the fhlb of chicago. under certain stressed conditions, we could pledge our liquidity portfolio securities and borrow against them at a modest reduction to their value.
other long-term borrowings - private student loans at december 31, 2022, $84 million of principal was outstanding on securitized debt assumed as part of our acquisition of the student loan corporation. principal and interest payments on the underlying private student loans will reduce the balance of these secured borrowings over time.
other long-term borrowings - corporate and bank debt the following table provides a summary of discover financial services (parent company) and discover bank outstanding fixed-rate debt (dollars in millions):
at december 31, 2022                                                                                 principal amount outstanding discover financial services (parent company) fixed-rate senior notes, maturing 2024-2032                       $3,350
discover financial services (parent company) fixed-rate retail notes, maturing 2023-2031                         $155
discover bank fixed-rate senior bank notes, maturing 2023-2030                                                 $5,350
discover bank fixed-rate subordinated bank notes, maturing 2028                                                  $500
at december 31, 2022, $585 million of interest on our fixed-rate debt is due in less than one year and $1.6 billion of interest is due in one year and thereafter. see note 9: long-term borrowings to our consolidated financial statements for more information on the maturities of our long-term borrowings. certain dfs senior notes require us to offer to repurchase the notes at a price equal to 101% of their aggregate principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest in the event of a change of control involving us and corresponding ratings downgrade below investment grade.
short-term borrowings as part of our regular funding strategy, we may, from time to time, borrow short-term funds in the federal funds market or the repurchase ("repo") market through repurchase agreements. federal funds are short-term, unsecured loans between banks or other financial entities with a federal reserve account. funds borrowed in the repo market are short-term, collateralized loans, usually secured with highly-rated investment securities such as u.s. treasury bills or notes, or mortgage bonds or debentures issued by government agencies or u.s. gses. at december 31, 2022, there were no outstanding balances in the federal funds market or under repurchase agreements. additionally, we have access to short-term advance structures through the fhlb of chicago and privately placed asset-backed securitizations. at december 31, 2022, there were no short-term advances outstanding from the fhlb and no private asset-backed securitizations.
additional funding sources private asset-backed securitizations we have access to committed borrowing capacity through privately placed asset-backed securitizations. while we may utilize funding from these private securitizations from time to time for normal business operations, their
-67-
committed nature also makes them a reliable contingency funding source. therefore, we reserve some undrawn capacity, informed by our liquidity stress test results, for potential contingency funding needs. at december 31, 2022, we had a total committed capacity of $3.5 billion, none of which was drawn. we seek to ensure the stability and reliability of these securitizations by staggering their maturity dates, renewing them approximately one year prior to their scheduled maturity dates and periodically drawing them for operational tests and seasonal funding needs.
federal reserve discover bank has access to the federal reserve bank of philadelphia's discount window. as of december 31, 2022, discover bank had $42.3 billion of available borrowing capacity through the discount window based on the amount and type of assets pledged, primarily consumer loans. as of december 31, 2022, we have no borrowings outstanding under the discount window and reserve this capacity as a source of contingent liquidity.
funding uses our primary uses of funds include the extensions of loans and credit to customers, primarily through discover bank; the maintenance of sufficient working capital for routine operations; the service of our debt and capital obligations, including interest, principal, and dividend payments; and the purchase of investment securities for our liquidity portfolio.
in addition to originating consumer loans to new customers, we also extend credit to existing customers, which primarily arises from agreements for unused lines of credit on certain credit cards and certain other loan products, provided there is no violation of conditions established in the related agreement. at december 31, 2022, our unused credit arrangements were approximately $224.7 billion. these arrangements, substantially all of which we can terminate at any time and which do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, are periodically reviewed based on account usage, customer creditworthiness and loan qualification.
in the normal course of business, we enter into various contracts for goods and services, such as consulting, outsourcing, data, sponsorships, software licenses, telecommunications, and global merchant acceptance, among other things. these contracts are legally binding and specify all significant terms, including any applicable fixed future cash payments.
as of december 31, 2022, we have debt obligations, common stock and preferred stock outstanding. refer to "- funding sources" and "- capital" for more information related to our debt obligations and capital service, respectively, and the timing of expected payments.
we assess funding uses and liquidity needs under stressed and normal operating conditions, considering primary uses of funding, such as on-balance sheet loans and contingent uses of funding, such as the need to post additional collateral for derivatives positions. to anticipate funding needs under stress, we conduct liquidity stress tests to assess the impact of idiosyncratic, systemic and hybrid (i.e., idiosyncratic and systemic) scenarios with varying levels of liquidity risk reflecting a range of stress severity. if we determine we have excess cash and cash equivalents, we may invest in highly liquid, unencumbered assets that we expect to be able to convert to cash quickly and with little loss of value using the repo market or outright sales.
guarantees guarantees are contracts or indemnification agreements that may require us to make payments to a guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying asset, liability, or equity security of a guaranteed party, rate or index. also included in guarantees are contracts that may require the guarantor to make payments to a guaranteed party based on another entity's failure to perform under an agreement. our guarantees relate to transactions processed on the discover network and certain transactions processed by pulse and diners club. in the ordinary course of business, we guarantee payment on behalf of subsidiaries relating to contractual obligations with external parties. the activities of the subsidiaries covered by any such guarantees are included in our consolidated financial statements. see note 18: commitments, contingencies and guarantees to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our guarantees.
credit ratings our borrowing costs and capacity in certain funding markets, including those for securitizations and unsecured senior and subordinated debt, may be affected by the credit ratings of dfs, discover bank and the securitization trusts.
-68-
downgrades in these credit ratings could result in higher interest expense on our unsecured debt and asset securitizations, as well as higher credit enhancement requirements for both our public and private asset securitizations. in addition to increased funding costs, deterioration in our credit ratings could reduce our borrowing capacity in the unsecured debt and asset securitization capital markets.
the table below reflects our current credit ratings and outlooks:
moody's investors service(1)        standard &amp; poor's         fitch ratings discover financial services senior unsecured debt                                                baa3                                bbb-                          bbb+
outlook for discover financial services senior unsecured debt        under review                        stable                        stable discover bank senior unsecured debt                                                baa2                                bbb                           bbb+
outlook for discover bank senior unsecured debt                      under review                        stable                        stable subordinated debt                                                    baa2                                bbb-                          bbb discover card execution note trust (dcent)
class a(2)                                                           aaa(sf)                             aaa(sf)                       aaa(sf)
(1)on december 7, 2022, moody's investors service placed all of the long-term ratings and assessments for discover financial services and discover bank on review for upgrade.
(2)an "sf" in the rating denotes rating agency identification for structured finance product ratings.
a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. a credit rating outlook reflects an agency's opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term, often a period of about a year, and indicates the agency's belief that the issuer's credit profile is consistent with its current rating level at that point in time.
liquidity we seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth and satisfy debt obligations under stressed and normal operating conditions. in addition to the funding sources discussed in the previous section, we also maintain highly liquid, unencumbered assets in our liquidity portfolio that we expect to be able to convert to cash quickly and with little loss of value using either the repo market or outright sales.
we maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. the board of directors approves the policy and the asset and liability management committee (the "alco") is responsible for its implementation. additionally, we maintain a liquidity management framework document that outlines the general strategies, objectives and principles we utilize to manage our liquidity position and the various liquidity risks inherent in our business model. we seek to balance the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which may be costly, with having too little liquidity, which could cause financial distress. the alco, chaired by our treasurer, has cross-functional membership, and manages liquidity risk centrally. the alco monitors the liquidity risk profiles of dfs and discover bank and oversees any actions corporate treasury may take to ensure that we maintain ready access to our funding sources and sufficient liquidity to meet current and projected needs. in addition, the alco and our board of directors regularly review our compliance with our liquidity limits at dfs and discover bank, which are established in accordance with the liquidity risk appetite set by our board of directors.
we employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. we utilize early warning indicators ("ewis") to detect emerging liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. the ewis include both idiosyncratic and systemic measures and are monitored daily and reported to the alco regularly. a warning from one or more of these indicators triggers prompt review and decision-making by our senior management team and, in certain instances, may lead to the convening of a senior-level response team and activation of our contingency funding plan.
in addition, we conduct liquidity stress tests regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. we evaluate a range of stress scenarios that are designed according to regulatory
-69-
requirements, including idiosyncratic, systemic and a combination of such events that could impact funding sources and our ability to meet liquidity needs. these scenarios measure the projected liquidity position at dfs and discover bank across a range of time horizons by comparing estimated contingency funding needs to available contingent liquidity.
our primary contingency liquidity sources include our liquidity portfolio securities, which we could sell, repo or borrow against, and private securitizations with unused borrowing capacity. in addition, we could borrow fhlb advances by pledging securities to the fhlb of chicago. moreover, we have unused borrowing capacity with the federal reserve discount window, which provides an additional source of contingency liquidity. we seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations for at least 12 months in a severe stress environment. in such an environment, we may also take actions to curtail the size of our balance sheet, which would reduce the need for funding and liquidity.
at december 31, 2022, our liquidity portfolio was composed of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities. cash and cash equivalents were primarily deposits with the federal reserve. investment securities primarily included debt obligations of the u.s. treasury and u.s. gses and residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs") issued by u.s. government agencies or u.s. gses. these investments are considered highly liquid and we expect to have the ability to raise cash by selling them, utilizing repurchase agreements or pledging certain of these investments to access secured funding. the size and composition of our liquidity portfolio may fluctuate based on the size of our balance sheet as well as operational requirements, market conditions and interest rate risk management objectives.
at december 31, 2022, our liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities were $67.3 billion, which was $14.4 billion higher than the balance at december 31, 2021. our liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities grew primarily as a result of the purchase of treasury securities and additional borrowing capacity with the federal reserve. during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, the average balance of our liquidity portfolio was $16.3 billion and $23.4 billion, respectively. our liquidity portfolio and undrawn facilities consist of the following (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2022                                                                                                2021
liquidity portfolio cash and cash equivalents(1)                                      $7,585                      $8,080
investment securities(2)                                          12,213                       6,879
total liquidity portfolio                                         19,798                      14,959
private asset-backed securitizations(3)                            3,500                       3,500
federal home loan bank of chicago                                  1,712                         150
primary liquidity sources                                         25,010                      18,609
federal reserve discount window(3)                                42,268                      34,254
total liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities          $67,278                     $52,863
(1)cash in the process of settlement and restricted cash are excluded from cash and cash equivalents for liquidity purposes.
(2)excludes $97 million and $27 million of u.s. treasury securities that have been pledged as swap collateral in lieu of cash as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
(3)see "- additional funding sources" for additional information.
bank holding company liquidity the primary uses of funds at the unconsolidated dfs level include debt service obligations (interest payments and return of principal) and capital service and management activities, including dividend payments on capital instruments and the periodic repurchase of shares of our common stock. our primary sources of funds at the bank holding company level include the proceeds from the issuance of unsecured debt and capital securities, as well as dividends from our subsidiaries, notably discover bank. under periods of idiosyncratic or systemic stress, the bank holding company could lose or experience impaired access to the capital markets. in addition, our regulators have the discretion to restrict dividend payments from discover bank to the bank holding company.
we utilize a measure referred to as number of months of pre-funding to determine the length of time dfs can meet upcoming funding obligations, including common and preferred stock dividend payments and debt service obligations, using existing cash resources. in managing this metric, we structure our debt maturity schedule to manage
-70-
prudently the amount of debt maturing within a short period. see note 9: long-term borrowings to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our debt.
capital our primary sources of capital are the earnings generated by our businesses and the proceeds from issuances of capital securities. we seek to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support our businesses' growth, account for their risks, and meet regulatory requirements, rating agency targets and debt investor expectations. within these constraints, we are focused on deploying capital in a manner that provides attractive returns to our stockholders. the level, composition and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives and legislative and regulatory developments.
under regulatory capital requirements adopted by the federal reserve and the fdic, dfs, along with discover bank, must maintain minimum capital levels. failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in the initiation of certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could limit our business activities and have a direct material effect on our financial condition and operating results. we must meet specific capital requirements that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory guidance and regulations. current or future legislative or regulatory reforms, such as those related to the adoption of the cecl accounting model, may require us to hold more capital or adversely impact our capital level. we consider the potential impacts of these reforms in managing our capital position.
dfs and discover bank are subject to regulatory capital rules issued by the federal reserve and the fdic, respectively, under the basel committee's december 2010 framework ("basel iii rules"). under the basel iii rules, dfs and discover bank are classified as "standardized approach" entities as they are u.s. banking organizations with consolidated total assets over $50 billion but not exceeding $250 billion and consolidated total on-balance sheet foreign exposures less than $10 billion. the basel iii rules require dfs and discover bank to maintain minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios and define what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating those ratios.
in march 2020, federal bank regulatory agencies announced an interim and now final rule that allows banks that have implemented the cecl accounting model to delay the estimated impact of cecl on regulatory capital for two years, followed by a three-year transition period. for purposes of calculating regulatory capital, we have elected to defer recognition of the estimated impact of cecl on regulatory capital for two years in accordance with the final rule; after that period of deferral, the estimated impact of cecl on regulatory capital will be phased in over three years, beginning in 2022. electing this option raised our common equity tier 1 ("cet1") capital ratios in 2022 and 2021. the phase-in of the cecl accounting model decreased cet1 by $537 million as of january 1, 2022. for additional information regarding the risk-based capital and leverage ratios, see note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements.
in march 2020, the federal reserve announced the scb final rule, which imposes limitations on dfs' capital distributions if we do not maintain our risk-based capital ratios above stated regulatory minimum ratios based on the results of supervisory stress tests. under this rule, dfs is required to assess whether our planned capital actions are consistent with the effective capital distribution limitations that will apply on a pro-forma basis throughout the planning horizon.
the scb requirement is institution-specific and is calculated as the greater of (i) 2.5% and (ii) the sum of (a) the difference between dfs' actual cet1 ratio at the beginning of the forecast and the projected minimum cet1 ratio based on the federal reserve's models in its nine-quarter severely adverse stress scenario, plus (b) the sum of the dollar amount of dfs' planned common stock dividend distributions for each of the fourth through seventh quarters of its nine-quarter capital planning horizon, expressed as a percentage of risk-weighted assets. for category iv firms, including dfs, the federal reserve calculates each firm's scb biennially in even-numbered calendar years, and did so in 2022. in odd-numbered years, each firm subject to category iv standards that did not opt-in to such year's supervisory stress tests as part of the federal reserve's ccar process receives an adjusted scb requirement that is updated to reflect its planned common stock dividends per the firm's annual capital plan. in august 2021, the federal reserve notified dfs of its adjusted scb requirement of 3.6% based on the planned common stock dividends in the 2021 capital plan. dfs' scb was effective in october 2021 and slightly increased from our scb in effect for the preceding year, which was 3.5%. see "- regulatory environment and developments - banking - capital standards and stress testing" for additional information.
-71-
dfs elected not to participate in the federal reserve's supervisory stress test in 2021, but did participate in 2022. as part of ccar, dfs submitted an annual capital plan by the april 5, 2022 due date ("2022 capital plan"). on june 23, 2022, the federal reserve released results of the 2022 ccar stress test. discover's results showed strong capital levels under stress, well above regulatory minimums. these results were used to set the new scb effective october 1, 2022. on august 4, 2022, the federal reserve disclosed the new scb for dfs is 2.5%, the lowest possible requirement.
at december 31, 2022, dfs and discover bank met the requirements for "well-capitalized" status under the federal reserve's regulation y and the prompt corrective action rules and corresponding fdic requirements, respectively, exceeding the regulatory minimums to which they were subject under the applicable rules.
basel iii rules also require disclosures relating to market discipline. this series of disclosures is commonly referred to as "pillar 3." the objective is to increase the transparency of capital requirements for banking organizations. we are required to make prescribed regulatory disclosures quarterly regarding our capital structure, capital adequacy, risk exposures and risk-weighted assets. we make the pillar 3 disclosures publicly available on our website in a report called "basel iii regulatory capital disclosures."
we disclose tangible common equity, which represents common equity less goodwill and intangibles. management believes that common stockholders' equity excluding goodwill and intangibles is meaningful to investors as a measure of our true net asset value. at december 31, 2022, tangible common equity is considered to be a non-gaap financial measure as it is not formally defined by gaap or codified in the federal banking regulations. other financial services companies may also disclose this measure and definitions may vary. we advise users of this information to exercise caution in comparing this measure for different companies.
the following table reconciles total common stockholders' equity (a gaap financial measure) to tangible common equity (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2022                                                                              2021
total common stockholders' equity(1)           $13,534                     $12,352
less: goodwill                                   (255)                       (255)
tangible common equity                         $13,279                     $12,097
(1)total common stockholders' equity is calculated as total stockholders' equity less preferred stock.
-72-
our board of directors declared the following common stock dividends during 2022, 2021 and 2020:
declaration date                    record date                         payment date                              dividend per share
2022
october 18, 2022                    november 23, 2022                   december 08, 2022                             $0.60
july 20, 2022                       august 25, 2022                     september 08, 2022                             0.60
april 27, 2022                      may 26, 2022                        june 09, 2022                                  0.60
january 18, 2022                    february 17, 2022                   march 03, 2022                                 0.50
total common stock dividends                                                                                          $2.30
2021
october 19, 2021                    november 24, 2021                   december 09, 2021                             $0.50
july 20, 2021                       august 19, 2021                     september 02, 2021                             0.50
april 20, 2021                      may 20, 2021                        june 03, 2021                                  0.44
january 19, 2021                    february 18, 2021                   march 04, 2021                                 0.44
total common stock dividends                                                                                          $1.88
2020
october 20, 2020                    november 19, 2020                   december 03, 2020                             $0.44
july 21, 2020                       august 20, 2020                     september 03, 2020                             0.44
april 21, 2020                      may 21, 2020                        june 04, 2020                                  0.44
january 21, 2020                    february 20, 2020                   march 05, 2020                                 0.44
total common stock dividends                                                                                          $1.76
on january 17, 2023, we declared a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of $0.60 per share, payable on march 9, 2023 to holders of record on february 23, 2023, which is consistent with the quarterly amount paid in 2022.
our board of directors declared the following series c preferred stock dividends during 2022, 2021 and 2020:
declaration date                       record date                            payment date                            dividend per depositary share
2022
july 20, 2022                          october 14, 2022                       october 31, 2022                                   $27.50
january 18, 2022                       april 15, 2022                         may 02, 2022                                        27.50
total series c preferred stock dividends                                                                                         $55.00
2021
july 20, 2021                          october 15, 2021                       november 01, 2021                                  $27.50
january 19, 2021                       april 15, 2021                         april 30, 2021                                      27.50
total series c preferred stock dividends                                                                                         $55.00
2020
july 21, 2020                          october 15, 2020                       october 30, 2020                                   $27.50
january 21, 2020                       april 15, 2020                         april 30, 2020                                      27.50
total series c preferred stock dividends                                                                                         $55.00
-73-
our board of directors declared the following series d preferred stock dividends during 2022 and 2021:
declaration date                          record date                               payment date                               dividend per depositary share
2022
july 20, 2022                             september 08, 2022                        september 23, 2022                                   $30.625
january 18, 2022                          march 08, 2022                            march 23, 2022                                        30.625
total series d preferred stock dividends                                                                                                 $61.250
2021
july 20, 2021                             september 08, 2021                        september 23, 2021                                   $30.625
january 19, 2021(1)                       march 08, 2021                            march 23, 2021                                        46.110
total series d preferred stock dividends                                                                                                 $76.735
(1)the dividend includes $30.63 semi-annual dividend per depositary share plus $15.48 to account for the long first dividend period.
on january 17, 2023, we declared a semi-annual cash dividend on our series c and series d preferred stock of $27.50 and $30.625 per depositary share, respectively, payable on may 1, 2023 and march 23, 2023, respectively, to holders of record on april 14, 2023 and march 8, 2023, respectively.
our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program in april 2022. the new program authorizes up to $4.2 billion of share repurchases through june 30, 2023. this share repurchase authorization replaced a $2.4 billion share repurchase program, which expired on march 31, 2022. during the three months ended december 31, 2022, we repurchased approximately 5.9 million shares, or 2.2% of our outstanding common stock as of september 30, 2022, for approximately $600 million. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we repurchased approximately 21.5 million shares, or 7.5% of our outstanding common stock as of december 31, 2021, for $2.3 billion. we may use various methods to repurchase shares under the program, including open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other purchases, including block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions, or any combination of such methods.
the amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory review and other factors. in july 2022, we suspended our existing share repurchase program because of an internal investigation related to our student loan servicing practices and related compliance matters conducted under the oversight of a board-appointed independent special committee. in november 2022, the investigation was completed and we resumed share repurchases under the existing program. we continue to communicate with the supervisory staff of our regulators regarding the internal investigation, and we may be subject to reviews, investigations, proceedings, fines or other actions in connection with our student loan servicing practices and related compliance matters. the declaration and payment of future dividends and the amount thereof are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. holders of our shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding. no dividend may be declared or paid or set aside for payment on our common stock if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of preferred stock in any dividend period. in addition, as noted above, banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit our ability to pay dividends and make share repurchases, including limitations on the extent our banking subsidiary (discover bank) can provide funds to us through dividends, loans or otherwise. further, current or future regulatory reforms may require us to hold more capital or could adversely impact our capital level. as a result, there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends or repurchase any shares of our common stock in the future.
-74-
