item 1a.    risk factors we have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. the risks described below are not the only ones we face. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material may also significantly impair our business operations. our business could be harmed by any of these risks. the trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. in assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. see also "forward-looking statements" in the forepart of this annual report on form 10-k.
risks related to our business, operations and our industry unfavorable macroeconomic and market conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and financial results.
our business depends on the overall demand for our solar energy products and on the economic health and willingness of our customers and potential customers to make capital commitments to purchase our products and services. as a result of macroeconomic or market uncertainty, including increased interest rates and higher inflation, customers may decide to delay purchasing our products and services or not purchase at all. in addition, a number of the risks associated with our business, which are disclosed in these risk factors, may increase in likelihood, magnitude or duration, and we may face new risks that we have not yet identified.
in the past, unfavorable macroeconomic and market conditions have resulted in sustained periods of decreased demand. macroeconomic and market conditions could be adversely affected by a variety of political, economic or other factors in the united states and international markets, which could, in turn, adversely affect spending levels of installers and end users and could create volatility or deteriorating conditions in the markets in which we operate. macroeconomic uncertainty or weakness could result in:
•reduced demand for our products as a result of constraints on capital spending for residential solar energy systems by our customers;
•increased price competition for our products that may adversely affect revenue, gross margin and profitability;
•decreased ability to forecast operating results and make decisions about budgeting, planning and future investments;
•business and financial difficulties faced by our suppliers or other partners, including impacts to material costs, sales, liquidity levels, ability to continue investing in their businesses, ability to import or export goods, ability to meet development commitments and manufacturing capability; and
•increased overhead and production costs as a percentage of revenue.
reductions in customer spending in response to unfavorable or uncertain macroeconomic and market conditions, globally or in a particular region where we operate, would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if demand for solar energy solutions does not grow or grows at a slower rate than we anticipate, our business will suffer.

continued growth in demand for solar energy solutions and, in turn, our products, may be impacted by many factors outside of our control, including:
•market acceptance of solar pv systems based on our product platform;
•cost competitiveness, reliability and performance of solar pv systems compared to conventional and non-solar renewable energy sources and products;
•availability and amount of government subsidies and incentives to support the development and deployment of solar energy solutions;
•the extent to which the electric power industry and broader energy industries are deregulated to permit broader adoption of solar electricity generation;
•the cost and availability of key raw materials and components used in the production of solar pv systems;
•prices of traditional utility-provided energy sources;
•levels of investment by end-users of solar energy products, which tend to decrease when economic growth slows; and
•the emergence, continuance or success of, or increased government support for, other alternative energy generation technologies and products.
if demand for solar energy solutions does not grow, demand for our customers' products as well as demand for our products will decrease, which would have an adverse impact on our ability to increase our revenue and grow our business.
further, our success depends on continued demand for solar energy solutions and the ability of solar equipment vendors to meet this demand. supply chain disruptions, increased interest rates and higher inflation, have caused and may continue to cause various negative effects, including an inability to meet the needs of our existing or potential end customers. if demand for solar energy solutions decreases or does not grow, demand for our customers' products as well as demand for our products will decrease, which would have an adverse impact on our ability to increase our revenue and grow our business.
the reduction, elimination or expiration of government subsidies and economic incentives for on-grid solar electricity applications could reduce demand for solar pv systems and harm our business.
the market for on-grid applications, where solar power is used to supplement a customer's electricity purchased from the utility network or sold to a utility under tariff, depends in large part on the availability and size of government and economic incentives that vary by geographic market. because our customers' sales are typically into the on-grid market, the reduction, elimination or expiration of government subsidies and economic incentives for on-grid solar electricity may negatively affect the competitiveness of solar electricity relative to conventional and non-solar renewable sources of electricity and could harm or halt the growth of the solar electricity industry and our business.
in general, the cost of solar power currently exceeds retail electricity rates, and we believe this tendency will continue in the near term. as a result, national, state and local government bodies in many countries, including the united states, have provided incentives in the form of feed-in tariffs ("fits"), rebates, tax credits and other incentives to system owners, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar pv systems to promote the use of solar electricity in on-grid applications and to reduce dependency on other forms of energy. many of these government incentives expire, phase out over time, terminate upon the exhaustion of the allocated funding, require renewal by the applicable authority or are being changed by governments due to changing market circumstances or changes to national, state or local energy policy.

requirements that could adversely affect our sales and be harmful to the solar and distributed rooftop solar generation industry.
among other government-established incentives, net metering and related policies have supported the growth of on-grid solar products, and changes to such policies may reduce demand for electricity from our solar service offerings. net metering is a utility rate program that requires a consumer's electric company to purchase the excess solar energy that the consumer's solar panels produce and pay the retail rate for electricity exported to the grid, less certain non-bypassable fees to the consumer. for example, in 2016, the cpuc issued an order retaining retail-based net metering credits for residential customers of california's major utilities net meterings as part of net energy metering 2.0 ("nem 2.0"). customers under nem 2.0 are subject to interconnection charges and time‐of-use rates with different electricity prices during peak and off-peak hours. existing customers who receive service under the prior net metering program, as well as new customers under the nem 2.0 program, remain eligible for the nem 2.0 program for a period of 20 years. on september 3, 2020, the cpuc opened a new proceeding to review its current net metering policies and to develop nem 3.0, also referred to by the cpuc as the nem 2.0 tariff and issued its final decision on december 15, 2022. nem 3.0 fundamentally changes nem 2.0 by basing export compensation not on retail rates, but on a tool called the avoided cost calculator ("acc") designed to measure utility distribution costs avoided by installing distributed generation, and which provides values that vary by hour, month and service territory. the cpuc is also imposing "adders" to these hourly acc values for the first several years of the tariff to ease the transition for the solar market. on average, these acc values are significantly lower than retail rates and may therefore increase payback periods, and thereby reduce demand, for solar-only systems. while the final nem 3.0 decision was a significant improvement over cpuc's previously issued proposed decision, it could still reduce export compensation and demand for solar-only systems and harm our business.
we depend on limited-source suppliers for key components and products. if we are unable to source these components and products on a timely basis, we will not be able to deliver our products to our customers.
we depend on sole-source and limited-source suppliers for key components of our products, such as our asics and lithium-ion batteries. any of the sole-source and limited-source suppliers upon whom we rely could experience quality and reliability issues, stop producing our components, cease operations, or be acquired by, or enter into exclusive arrangements with, our competitors. we generally do not have long-term supply agreements with our suppliers, and our purchase volumes may currently be too low for us to be considered a priority customer by most of our suppliers. as a result, most of these suppliers could stop selling to us at commercially reasonable prices, or at all. any such quality or reliability issue, or interruption or delay may force us to seek similar components or products from alternative sources, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. switching suppliers may require that we redesign our products to accommodate new components and may potentially require us to re-qualify our products, which would be costly and time-consuming. any interruption in the quality or supply of sole-source or limited-source components for our products would adversely affect our ability to meet scheduled product deliveries to our customers and could result in lost revenue or higher expenses and would harm our business.
challenges relating to current supply chain constraints, including with respect to semiconductors and integrated circuits, could adversely impact our revenues, gross margins and results of operations.
due to increased demand across a range of industries, the global supply market for certain raw materials and components, including, in particular, semiconductors, integrated circuits and other electronic components used in some of our products, has experienced significant constraint and disruption in recent periods. this constrained supply environment has adversely affected, and could further affect, component availability, lead times and cost and could increase the likelihood of unexpected cancellations or delays of previously committed supply of key components. in an effort to mitigate these risks, we have incurred higher costs to secure available inventory, have extended our purchase commitments and placed non-cancellable, advanced orders with or through suppliers, particularly for long lead time components. our efforts to expand our manufacturing capacity and multi-source and pre-order components may fail to reduce the impact of these adverse supply chain conditions on our business.

chain challenges could also result in increased use of cash, engineering design changes and delays in new product introductions, each of which could adversely impact our business and financial results. in the event these supply chain challenges persist for the foreseeable future, these conditions could adversely impact our results of operations.
the solar industry is highly competitive, and we expect to face increased competition as new and existing competitors introduce products or develop alternative technologies, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we compete primarily against central and string inverter manufacturers, as well as against new solutions and emerging technologies that directly compete with our business. a number of companies have developed or are developing microinverters and other products that will compete directly with our solutions in the module-level power electronics market. we also compete against manufacturers of energy storage systems and ev chargers for our solutions in these markets.
competitors in the inverter market include, among others, solaredge technologies, inc., fronius international gmbh, sma solar technology ag, ap systems, generac holdings inc., tesla, inc., huawei technologies co. ltd., delta, ginglong, sungrow, solax, hoymiles and other companies offering string inverters with and without solar optimizers. other existing or emerging companies may also begin offering alternative microinverter solutions. competitors in the storage market include tesla, solaredge, lg chem, sonnen, generac, panasonic, byd, e3/dc, senec, schneider, briggs & stratton and other producers of battery cells and integrated storage systems market. competitors in the ev charger market include wallbox, chargepoint, tesla, juicebox and evbox, among others.
several of our existing and potential competitors are significantly larger than we are and may have greater financial, marketing, distribution and customer support resources and may have significantly broader brand recognition, especially in certain markets. in addition, some of our competitors have more resources and experience in developing or acquiring new products and technologies and creating market awareness for these offerings. further, certain competitors may be able to develop new products more quickly than we can and may be able to develop products that are more reliable or that provide more functionality than ours. in addition, some of our competitors have the financial resources to offer competitive products at aggressive or below-market pricing levels, which could cause us to lose sales or market share or require us to lower prices of our products in order to compete effectively. suppliers of solar products, particularly solar modules, have experienced eroding prices over the last several years and as a result many have faced margin compression and declining revenues. if we have to reduce our prices, or if we are unable to offset any future reductions in our average selling prices by increasing our sales volume, reducing our costs and expenses or introducing new products, our revenues and gross profit would suffer.
significant developments in alternative technologies, such as advances in other forms of distributed solar pv power generation, storage solutions such as batteries, the widespread use or adoption of fuel cells for residential or commercial properties or improvements in other forms of centralized power production may have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. any failure by us to adopt new or enhanced technologies or processes, or to react to changes in existing technologies, could result in product obsolescence, the loss of competitiveness of our products, decreased revenue and a loss of market share to competitors.
we also may face competition from some of our customers or potential customers who evaluate our capabilities against the merits of manufacturing products internally. other solar module manufacturers could also develop or acquire competing inverter technology or attempt to develop components that directly perform dc-to-ac conversion in the module itself. due to the fact that such customers may not seek to make a profit directly from the manufacture of these products, they may have the ability to manufacture competitive products at a lower cost than we would charge such customers. as a result, these customers or potential customers may purchase fewer of our systems or sell products that compete with our systems, which would negatively impact our revenue and gross profit.
our recent and planned expansion into existing and new markets could subject us to additional business, financial and competitive risks.
we currently offer solar energy systems targeting the residential and commercial markets throughout the world, and we intend to expand into other international markets. our success in new geographic and product markets will depend on a number of factors, such as:
•acceptance of microinverters in markets in which they have not traditionally been used;
•our ability to compete in new product markets to which we are not accustomed;

•our ability to manage manufacturing capacity and production;
•willingness of our potential customers to incur a higher upfront capital investment than may be required for competing solutions;
•timely qualification and certification of new products;
•our ability to reduce production costs in order to price our products competitively;
•availability of government subsidies and economic incentives for solar energy solutions;
•accurate forecasting and effective management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand;
•our customer service capabilities and responsiveness; and
•timely hiring of skilled employees and the efficient execution of our project plan.
failure to address these new markets successfully, to generate sufficient revenue from these markets to offset associated research and development, marketing and manufacturing costs, or to otherwise effectively anticipate and manage the risks and challenges associated with our potential expansion into new product and geographic markets, could adversely affect our revenues and our ability to achieve or sustain profitability.
we may fail to capture customers as we design and develop new products and update existing products.
we are pursuing opportunities in energy management and energy storage that are highly competitive markets. we have made investments in our infrastructure, increased our operating costs and forgone other business opportunities in order to seek opportunities in these areas and will continue to do so. any new product is subject to certain risks, including component sourcing, strategic partner selection and execution, customer acceptance, competition, product differentiation, market timing, challenges relating to economies of scale in component sourcing and the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. there can be no assurance that we will be able to develop and grow these or any other new concepts to a point where they will become profitable or generate positive cash flow. if we fail to execute on our plan with respect to new product introductions, or fail to adequately update our legacy products, we may fail to generate revenue in the quantities or timeline projected, thus, having a materially adverse impact on our operating results and financial stability.
we started production shipments of iq8 microinverters and our most recent generation of iq batteries to customers in north america during the fourth quarter of 2021, and we continue to develop our ev charging products. our new products are complex and require significant preparation, precautionary safety measures, time-consuming string calculations, extensive design expertise and specialized installation equipment, training and knowledge. together, these factors significantly increase complexity and cost of installation and limit overall productivity for the installer. our installers may not have sufficient resources or expertise necessary to sell our products at the prices, in the volumes and within the time frames that we expect, which could hinder our ability to expand our operations and harm our revenue and operating results.
we depend upon a small number of outside contract manufacturers, and our business and operations could be disrupted if we encounter problems with these contract manufacturers.
we do not have internal manufacturing capabilities and rely upon a small number of contract manufacturers to build our products. in particular, we outsource the manufacturing of our products to third-party contract manufacturers. flex, salcomp and sunwoda assemble and test our iq microinverter, acm products, iq battery storage systems and iq gateway products. prices for such services are agreed to by the parties on a quarterly basis, and we are obligated to purchase manufactured products and raw materials that cannot be resold upon the termination of the related agreement. as of december 31, 2022, our related purchase obligations (including amounts related to component inventory procured by our primary contract manufacturers on our behalf) were approximately $589.3 million. the timing of purchases in future periods could differ materially from our estimates due to fluctuations in demand requirements related to varying sales levels as well as changes in economic conditions.
flex also provides receiving, kitting, storage, transportation, inventory visibility and other value-added logistics services at locations managed by flex. in addition, we rely on several unaffiliated companies to supply certain components used in the fabrication of our products.

our reliance on a small number of contract manufacturers makes us vulnerable to possible capacity constraints and reduced control over component availability, delivery schedules, manufacturing yields and costs. we do not have long-term supply contracts with our contract manufacturing partners. consequently, these manufacturers are not obligated to supply products to us for any period, in any specified quantity or at any certain price. if any of these suppliers reduce or eliminate the supply of the components to us in the future, our revenues, business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely impacted.
further, the revenues that our contract manufacturers generate from our orders may represent a relatively small percentage of their overall revenues. as a result, fulfilling our orders may not be considered a priority in the event of constrained ability to fulfill all of their customer obligations in a timely manner. in addition, the facilities in which the vast majority of our products are manufactured are located outside of the united states. we believe that the location of these facilities outside of the united states increases our supply risk, including the risk of supply interruptions or reductions in manufacturing quality or controls.
if any of our contract manufacturers were unable or unwilling to manufacture our products in required volumes and at high quality levels or renew existing terms under supply agreements, we would have to identify, qualify and select acceptable alternative contract manufacturers, which may not be available to us on favorable terms, if at all. an alternative contract manufacturer may not be available to us when needed or may not be in a position to satisfy our quality or production requirements on commercially reasonable terms. any significant interruption in manufacturing would require us to reduce our supply of products to our customers, which in turn would reduce our revenues, harm our relationships with our customers and cause us to forgo potential revenue opportunities.
if we or our contract manufacturers are unable to obtain raw materials in a timely manner or if the price of raw materials increases significantly, production time and product costs could increase, which may adversely affect our business.
the manufacturing and packaging processes used by our contract manufacturers depend on raw materials such as copper, aluminum, silicon and petroleum-based products. from time to time, suppliers may extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. certain of our suppliers have the ability to pass along to us directly or through our contract manufacturers any increases in the price of raw materials. if the prices of these raw materials rise significantly, we may be unable to pass on the increased cost to our customers. while we may from time to time enter into hedging transactions to reduce our exposure to wide fluctuations in the cost of raw materials, the availability and effectiveness of these hedging transactions may be limited. due to all these factors, our results of operations could be adversely affected if we or our contract manufacturers are unable to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in a timely manner or at reasonable cost. in addition, from time to time, we or our contract manufacturers may need to reject raw materials that do not meet our specifications, resulting in potential delays or declines in output. furthermore, problems with our raw materials may give rise to compatibility or performance issues in our products, which could lead to an increase in product warranty claims. errors or defects may arise from raw materials supplied by third parties that are beyond our detection or control, which could lead to additional product warranty claims that may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
manufacturing problems could result in delays in product shipments, which would adversely affect our revenue, competitive position and reputation.
we have in the past and may in the future experience delays, disruptions or quality control problems in our manufacturing operations. our product development, manufacturing and testing processes are complex and require significant technological and production process expertise. such processes involve a number of precise steps from design to production. any change in our processes could cause one or more production errors, requiring a temporary suspension or delay in our production line until the errors can be researched, identified and properly addressed and rectified. this may occur particularly as we introduce new products, modify our engineering and production techniques and expand our capacity. in addition, our failure to maintain appropriate quality assurance processes could result in increased product failures, loss of customers, increased production costs and delays. any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

and product shipments to our customers could be delayed beyond the schedules requested, which would negatively affect our revenue, competitive position and reputation.
additionally, manufacturing yields depend on a number of factors, including the stability and manufacturability of the product design, manufacturing improvements gained over cumulative production volumes, and the quality and consistency of component parts. capacity constraints, raw materials shortages, logistics issues, labor shortages and changes in customer requirements, manufacturing facilities or processes have historically caused, and may in the future cause, reduced manufacturing yields, negatively impacting the gross profit on, and our production capacity for, those products. moreover, an increase in the rejection and rework rate of products during the quality control process before, during or after manufacture would result in our experiencing lower yields, gross profit and production capacity. furthermore, counterfeit parts in our supply chain have been and continue to be a concern, since any counterfeit part can be a lower quality product, which may affect our system reliability.
the risks of these types of manufacturing problems are further increased during the introduction of new product lines, which has from time to time caused, and may in the future cause, temporary suspension of product lines while problems are addressed or corrected. since our business is substantially dependent on a limited number of product lines, any prolonged or substantial suspension of an individual product line could result in a material adverse effect on our revenue, gross profit, competitive position and distributor and customer relationships.
we rely primarily on distributors, installers and providers of solar financing to assist in selling our products to customers, and the failure of these customers to perform at the expected level, or at all, would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of our operations.
we sell our solutions primarily through distributors, as well as through direct sales to solar equipment installers and developers of third-party solar finance offerings. we do not have exclusive arrangements with these third parties. as a result, many of these third parties, or customers, also use or market and sell products from our competitors, which may reduce our sales. these customers may generally terminate their relationships with us at any time, or with short notice, and further may fail to devote the resources necessary to sell our products at the prices, in the volumes and within the time frames that we expect, or may focus their marketing and sales efforts on products of our competitors. in addition, participants in the solar industry are becoming increasingly focused on vertical integration of the solar financing and installation process, which may lead to an overall reduction in the number of potential parties who may purchase and install our products.
we typically provide our distributors and installers with training and other programs, including accreditations and certifications; however, these programs may not be effective or utilized consistently. further, newer distributors and installers may require extensive training and may take significant time and resources to achieve productivity. our distributors and installers may subject us to lawsuits, potential liability and reputational harm if, for example, any were to misrepresent the functionality of our platform or products to customers, fail to perform services to our customers' expectations, or violate laws or our policies. in addition, our distributors and installers may utilize our platform to develop products and services that could potentially compete with products and services that we offer currently or in the future. concerns over competitive matters or intellectual property ownership could constrain the growth and development of these relationships or result in the termination of one or more relationships. if we fail to effectively manage and grow our network of distributors and installers, or properly monitor the quality and efficacy of their service delivery, our ability to sell our products and efficiently provide our services may be impacted, and our operating results may be harmed.
our future performance depends on our ability to effectively manage our relationships with our existing customers, as well as to attract additional customers that will be able to market and support our products effectively, especially in markets in which we have not previously distributed our products. termination of agreements with current customers, failure by customers to perform as expected, or failure by us to cultivate new customer relationships, could hinder our ability to expand our operations and harm our revenue and operating results.
the covid-19 pandemic may continue to, and other actual or threatened epidemics, pandemics, outbreaks, or public health crises may in the future, adversely affect our and our customers' results of operations and financial condition, our supply chain and our business.

affected and could continue to have an adverse impact on our business and operations. as a result of these supply chain constraints and possible disruptions, we have worked with our suppliers to improve our supply chain in the event of future shutdowns, but there can be no assurance that supply chain constraints and disruptions will not adversely impact our business. in addition, potential disruptions have and could in the future put limits on our manufacturing availability or capacity, or cause delays in production or delivery of components, and our ability to produce finished products, all of which could adversely affect our business, operations and customer relationships.
our liquidity also may be negatively impacted if sales decline significantly for an extended period due to the impact of covid-19 or other epidemics. further, the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic and our precautionary measures in response thereto impact our business and liquidity will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be precisely predicted at this time.
moreover, the long-term effects of the covid-19 pandemic remain unknown, and it is possible that following the pandemic in-person interactions will remain limited, which would negatively impact our sales team and our future revenues. these and other potential impacts of the covid-19 pandemic discussed elsewhere in this "risk factors" section, as well as any future and unforeseen risks related to the pandemic not yet contemplated, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. to the extent the evolving effects of the covid-19 pandemic adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, they may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this "risk factors" section.
it is also possible that future global pandemics could also occur and also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the loss of, or events affecting, one of our major customers could reduce our sales and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022, one customer accounted for approximately 37% of total net revenues. further, as of december 31, 2022, amounts due from one customer represented approximately 24% of the total accounts receivable balance. our customers' decisions to purchase our products are influenced by a number of factors outside of our control, including retail energy prices and government regulation and incentives, among others. although we have agreements with some of our largest customers, these agreements generally do not have long-term purchase commitments and are generally terminable by either party after a relatively short notice period. in addition, these customers may decide to no longer use, or to reduce the use of, our products and services for other reasons that may be out of our control. we may also be affected by events impacting our large customers that result in their decreasing their orders with us or impairing their ability to pay for our products. the loss of, or events affecting, one or more of our large customers has had from time to time, and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our energy systems, including our storage solution, integrated acm module, iq8 solar microinverters and ensemble technology, may not achieve broader market acceptance, which would prevent us from increasing our revenue and market share.
if we fail to achieve broader market acceptance of enphase energy system, including international acceptance of our iq8 microinverters, acm products and ensemble technology, there would be an adverse impact on our ability to increase our revenue, gain market share and achieve and sustain profitability. our ability to achieve broader market acceptance for our products and services will be impacted by a number of factors, including:
•our ability to produce pv systems that compete favorably against other solutions on the basis of price, quality, reliability and performance;
•our ability to timely introduce and complete new designs and timely qualify and certify our products;
•whether installers, system owners and solar financing providers will continue to adopt our systems, which have a relatively limited history with respect to reliability and performance;
•whether installers, system owners and solar financing providers will adopt our storage solution, which is a relatively new technology with a limited history with respect to reliability and performance;
•the ability of prospective system owners to obtain long-term financing for solar pv installations based on our product platform on acceptable terms or at all;

•our ability to develop products, systems and services that comply with local standards and regulatory requirements, as well as potential in-country manufacturing requirements; and
•our ability to develop and maintain successful relationships with our customers and suppliers.
in addition, our ability to achieve increased market share will depend on our ability to increase sales to established solar installers, who have traditionally sold central or string inverters, or who currently sell dc-to-dc optimizers. these installers often have made substantial investments in design, installation resources and training in traditional central or string inverter systems or dc optimizers, which may create challenges for us to achieve their adoption of our solutions.
our success in marketing and selling acm products depends in part upon our ability to continue to work closely with leading solar module manufacturers.
we continue to work on variants of our microinverter systems that enable direct attachment of a microinverter to solar modules. the market success of such acm products will depend in part on our ability to continue to work closely with sunpower and other solar module manufacturers to design microinverters that are compatible with and can be attached directly to solar modules. we may not be able to encourage solar module manufacturers to work with us on the development of such compatible solutions for a variety of reasons, including differences in marketing or selling strategy, competitive considerations, lack of competitive pricing and technological compatibility. in addition, our ability to form effective relationships with solar module manufacturers may be adversely affected by the substantial challenges faced by many of these manufacturers due to declining prices and revenues from sales of solar modules and the tariffs in the united states.
if our iq microinverters or iq batteries contain manufacturing defects, or our ensemble contains software defects, our business and financial results could be harmed.
we design and make complex products and they may contain undetected or latent errors or defects. complex hardware and software systems, such as our products, can often contain undetected errors when first introduced or as new versions are released. in the past, we have experienced latent defects only discovered once the microinverters or batteries are deployed in the field. changes in our supply chain or the failure of our suppliers to otherwise provide our third-party contract manufacturers with components or materials that meet our specifications could introduce defects into our products. as we grow our product volumes, the chance of manufacturing defects could increase. in addition, new product introductions or design changes made for the purpose of cost reduction, performance improvement, or improved reliability could introduce new design defects that may impact the performance and life of our products. any design or manufacturing defects or other failures of our products to perform as expected could cause us to incur significant service and re-engineering costs, divert the attention of our engineering personnel from product development efforts and significantly and adversely affect installer and customer satisfaction, market acceptance and our business reputation. furthermore, if we are unable to correct manufacturing defects or other failures of products in a manner satisfactory to our customers, our results of operations, customer satisfaction and our business reputation could be adversely affected.
in addition, due to the high energy density of lithium-ion cells, mishandling, inappropriate storage or delivery, non-compliance with safety instructions or field failures can potentially cause a battery cell to rapidly release its stored energy, which may in turn cause a thermal event that can ignite nearby materials, including other lithium-ion cells. as the use of lithium-ion batteries becomes more widespread, these events may occur more often, causing damage to property, injury, lawsuits and adverse publicity, which may adversely affect our reputation, results of operations or financial condition.
if we fail to retain our key personnel or if we fail to attract additional qualified personnel, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated level of growth and our business could suffer.
our future success and ability to implement our business strategy depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain key personnel, and on the continued contributions of members of our senior management team and key personnel in areas such as engineering, marketing and sales, any of whom would be difficult to replace. for example, we are highly dependent on our president and chief executive officer, badrinarayanan kothandaraman. mr. kothandaraman possesses technical knowledge of our business, operations and strategy, and he has substantial experience and contacts that help us implement our goals, strategy and plan. if we lose his services or if he decides to join a competitor or otherwise compete directly or indirectly with us, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially harmed.

all of our employees, including our senior management, are free to terminate their employment relationships with us at any time. competition for highly skilled executives and employees in the technology industry is intense, and our competitors have targeted individuals in our organization that have desired skills and experience. if we are not able to continue to attract, train and retain our leadership team and our qualified employees necessary for our business, the progress of our product development programs could be hindered, and we could be materially adversely affected. to help attract, retain and motivate our executives and qualified employees, we use stock-based incentive awards, including restricted stock units. if the value of such stock awards does not appreciate as measured by the performance of the price of our common stock, or if our share-based compensation otherwise ceases to be viewed as a valuable benefit, our ability to attract, retain and motivate our executives and employees could be weakened, which could harm our business and results of operations. also, if the value of our stock awards increases substantially, this could potentially create substantial personal wealth for our executives and employees and affect our ability to retain our personnel. in addition, any future restructuring plans may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain key employees.
additionally, our ability to attract qualified personnel, including senior management and key technical personnel, is critical to the execution of our growth strategy. competition for qualified senior management personnel and highly skilled individuals with technical expertise is extremely intense, and we face challenges identifying, hiring and retaining qualified personnel in all areas of our business. in addition, integrating new employees into our team could prove disruptive to our operations, require substantial resources and management attention and ultimately prove unsuccessful. our failure to attract and retain qualified senior management and other key technical personnel could limit or delay our strategic efforts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
any failure by management to properly manage growth could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
our business has grown rapidly, and, if our business develops as currently expected, we anticipate that we will continue to grow rapidly in the near future. our expected rapid growth could place significant demands on our management, operations, systems, accounting, internal controls and financial resources, and it may also negatively impact our ability to retain key personnel. if we experience difficulties in any of these or other areas, we may not be able to expand our business successfully or effectively manage our growth. any failure by management to manage our growth and to respond to changes in our business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we are unsuccessful in continuing to expand our direct-to-consumer sales channel by driving purchases through our website, our business and results of operation could be harmed.
although we primarily sell our solutions and products directly to solar distributors, who resell to installers and integrators, who then in turn integrate our products into complete solar pv installations for residential and commercial system owners, we have recently invested significant resources in our direct-to-consumer sales channel through our website, and our future growth relies, in part, on our ability to attract consumers through this channel. expanding our direct-to-consumer sales model will require significant expenditures in marketing, software development and infrastructure. further, the success of direct-to-consumer sales through our website is also subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as federal, state, foreign and provincial regulations and laws specifically governing the internet and e-commerce. these regulations and laws may cover taxation, tariffs, privacy, data protection, pricing, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection and intellectual property. these laws and regulations can be complex, difficult to interpret and may change over time. continued regulatory limitations and other obstacles interfering with our ability to sell our products directly to consumers could have a negative and material impact our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
further, the expansion of our direct-to-consumer channel could alienate some of our existing distributors and installers and cause a reduction in sales from these third parties. our existing distributors and installers may perceive themselves to be at a disadvantage based on the direct-to-consumer sales offered through our website. due to these and other factors, conflicts in our sales channels could arise and cause our existing distributors and installers to divert resources away from the promotion and sale of our products. if we are unable to successfully continue to drive traffic to, and increase sales through, our website, our business and results of operations could be harmed.

our business has been and could continue to be affected by seasonal trends and construction cycles.
we have been and could continue to be subject to industry-specific seasonal fluctuations. historically, the majority of our revenues are from the north american and european regions, which experience higher sales of our products in the second, third and fourth quarters and have been affected by seasonal customer demand trends, including weather patterns and construction cycles. the first quarter historically has had softer customer demand in our industry, due to these same factors. in the united states, customers will sometimes make purchasing decisions towards the end of the year in order to take advantage of tax credits or for budgetary reasons. in addition, construction levels are typically slower in colder and wetter months. in european countries with fits, the construction of solar pv systems may be concentrated during the second half of the calendar year, largely due to the annual reduction of the applicable minimum fit and the fact that the coldest winter months are january through march. accordingly, our business and quarterly results of operations could be affected by seasonal fluctuations in the future.
risks related to our intellectual property and technology we are dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure and data. we could be subject to breaches of our information technology systems caused by system security risks, failure of our data protection, cyber-attacks and erroneous or non-malicious actions or failures to act by our employees or others with authorized access to our networks, which could cause significant reputational, legal and financial damages.
like many companies, we use and store a wide variety of confidential and proprietary information relating to our business. the secure maintenance of this information is critical to our business and reputation. despite our implementation of security measures, our systems are vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, ransomware, supply chain attacks, worms and other malicious software programs or other attacks, covert introduction of malware to computers and networks, unauthorized access, including impersonation of unauthorized users, efforts to discover and exploit any security vulnerabilities or securities weaknesses and other similar disruptions. although we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information technology and related systems and have implemented measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective, or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging.
the techniques used in attempted cyber-attacks and intrusions are sophisticated and constantly evolving and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. although to date we have not experienced any material breaches of our systems that could have material adverse effect on our business, attacks and intrusions on our systems will continue and we may experience a breach of our systems that compromises sensitive company information or customer data. in addition, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. intentional or non-malicious breaches by employees or others may pose a risk that sensitive data, including our intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information of our employees, customers or users, or other business partners may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public, or that risks of loss or misuse of this information could occur. furthermore, if we experience a significant data security breach, we could be exposed to reputational damage and significant costs, including to rebuild our systems, modify our products and services, defend litigation, respond to government enforcement actions, pay damages or take other remedial steps, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. these risks, as well as the number and frequency of cybersecurity events globally, may also be heightened during times of geopolitical tension or instability between countries, including, for example, the ongoing military conflict between russia and ukraine.
we may also share information with contractors and third-party providers to conduct our business. although such contractors and third-party providers typically implement encryption and authentication technologies to secure the transmission and storage of data, those third-party providers may experience a significant data security breach, which may also detrimentally affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

the cost and operational consequences of implementing further data protection measures could be significant and theft of our intellectual property or proprietary business information could require substantial expenditures to remedy. further, we cannot be certain that (a) our liability insurance will be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches; (b) such coverage will cover any indemnification claims against us relating to any incident, will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all; and (c) any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition or large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
unauthorized use or disclosure of, or access to, any personal information maintained by us or on our behalf, whether through breach of our systems, breach of the systems of our suppliers or vendors by an unauthorized party, or through employee or contractor error, theft or misuse, or otherwise, could harm our business. if any such unauthorized use or disclosure of, or access to, such personal information was to occur, our operations could be seriously disrupted, and we could be subject to demands, claims and litigation by private parties and investigations, related actions and penalties by regulatory authorities. in addition, we could incur significant costs in notifying affected persons and entities and otherwise complying with the multitude of foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of, personal information. finally, any perceived or actual unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of, such information could harm our reputation, substantially impair our ability to attract and retain customers and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the software we use in providing system configuration recommendations or potential energy savings estimates to customers relies in part on third-party information that may not be accurate or up-to-date; this may therefore generate inaccurate recommendations or estimates, resulting in a loss of reputation and customer confidence.
we provide our customers online tools to help them determine proper system sizing and configurations, estimates of bill savings and potential revenues resulting from executing a specific curtailment strategy. these estimates are in turn based on a number of factors such as customer tariff structures, estimated wholesale electricity prices, future economic conditions and estimates of the reduction in electricity usage as a result of a curtailment activity. if the estimates we provide prove to be significantly different from actual payments or savings received by our customers, it may result in the loss of reputation and/or customer confidence.
we are subject to stringent privacy laws, information security policies and contractual obligations governing the use, processing and transfer of personal information, and any unauthorized access to, or disclosure or theft of, personal information we gather, store or use could harm our reputation and subject us to claims or litigation.
we receive, store and use certain personal information of our customers, and the end-users of our customers' energy systems, including names, addresses, e-mail addresses, energy system details and performance information. we also store and use personal information of our employees. we take steps to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of the personal information we collect, store and transmit, but there is no guarantee that inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure will not occur or that third parties will not gain unauthorized access to this information despite our efforts. because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we and our suppliers or vendors may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative or mitigation measures.

localization, or information security may require us to make changes to our services to enable us or our customers to meet new legal requirements, incur substantial operational costs, modify our data practices and policies, and restrict our business operations. additionally, certain privacy and other laws impose obligations to provide notification of security breaches of computer databases that contain personal information to affected individuals, state officers and others. any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with these laws, regulations or other obligations may lead to significant fines, penalties, regulatory investigations, lawsuits, significant costs for remediation, damage to our reputation, or other liabilities.
if we fail to protect, or incur significant costs in enforcing, our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, our business and results of operations could be materially harmed.
our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. we rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret and unfair competition laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements and other contractual provisions, to establish and protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. we have applied for patent and trademark registrations in the united states. and in other countries, many of which have been issued. we cannot guarantee that any of our pending applications will be approved or that our existing and future intellectual property rights will be sufficiently broad to protect our proprietary technology, and any failure to obtain such approvals or finding that our intellectual property rights are invalid or unenforceable could force us to, among other things, rebrand or re-design our affected products. this includes an inherent risk that our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names that we own or use may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic, lapsed or determined to be infringing on or dilutive of other marks, and that we may not be able to protect our rights, all of which may cause material adverse impact on our marketing abilities. our patent protection depends on compliance with various required procedures, document submissions, fee payments, and other requirements imposed by national patent offices, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements, despite our engagement of reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply with such requirements. even where we do comply with such requirements and enjoy the full length of patent protection, patent terms are finite in length - generally 20 years from the earliest u.s. non-provisional priority filing date - which may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our products. in countries where we have not applied for patent protection or where effective intellectual property protection is not available to the same extent as in the u.s., we may be at greater risk that our proprietary rights will be misappropriated, infringed or otherwise violated.
to protect our unregistered intellectual property, including our trade secrets and know-how, we rely in part on trade secret laws and confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and independent contractors. we also require other third parties who may have access to our proprietary technologies and information to enter into non-disclosure agreements. such measures, however, provide only limited protection, and we cannot assure that our confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements will prevent unauthorized disclosure or use of our confidential information, especially after our employees or third parties end their employment or engagement with us, or provide us with an adequate remedy in the event of such disclosure. furthermore, competitors or other third parties may independently discover our trade secrets, copy or reverse engineer our products or portions thereof, or develop similar technology. if we fail to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, or if such intellectual property and proprietary rights are infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially harmed.
in the future, we may need to take legal action to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property or from otherwise gaining access to our technology. protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights and determining their validity and scope could result in significant litigation costs and require significant time and attention from our technical and management personnel, which could significantly harm our business. in addition, we may not prevail in such proceedings. an adverse outcome of any such proceeding may reduce our competitive advantage or otherwise harm our financial condition and our business.
we may be subject to disruptions or failures in information technology systems and network infrastructures that could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

software we license from third parties, including open source software, may not be found until our customers use our products. real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our products could result in negative publicity, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products, harm to our brand, weakening of our competitive position or claims by customers for losses sustained by them. a disruption, infiltration or failure of our information technology systems, third-party cloud hosting platforms or end-user data services as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, system implementations or upgrades, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, third-party security breaches, employee/human error, theft or misuse, malfeasance, power disruptions, natural disasters or accidents could cause breaches of data security, failure of our service, loss of intellectual property and critical data and the release and misappropriation of sensitive competitive information and partner, customer and employee personal data. we have been and may in the future be subject to fraud attempts from outside parties through our electronic systems (such as "phishing" e-mail communications to our finance, technical or other personnel), which could put us at risk for harm from fraud, theft or other loss if our internal controls do not operate as intended. any such future events could further harm our competitive position, result in a loss of customer confidence, cause us to incur significant costs to remedy any damages and ultimately materially adversely affect our business and financial condition.
third parties may assert that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights, which could divert management's attention, cause us to incur significant costs, and prevent us from selling or using the technology to which such rights relate.
our competitors and other third parties hold numerous patents related to technology used in our industry, and claims of patent or other intellectual property right infringement or violation have been litigated against our competitors. we may also be subject to such claims and litigation. regardless of their merit, responding to such claims can be time consuming, divert management's attention and resources, and may cause us to incur significant expenses. while we believe that our products and technology do not infringe upon any intellectual property rights of third parties, we cannot be certain that we would be successful in defending against any such claims. furthermore, patent applications in the united states and most other countries are confidential for a period of time before being published, so we cannot be certain that we are not infringing third parties' patent rights or that we were the first to conceive or protect inventions covered by our patents or patent applications. an adverse outcome with respect to any intellectual property claim could invalidate our proprietary rights and force us to do one or more of the following:
•obtain from a third-party claiming infringement a license to sell or use the relevant technology, which may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all;
•stop manufacturing, selling, incorporating or using products that embody the asserted intellectual property;
•pay substantial monetary damages;
•indemnify our customers under some of our customer contracts; or
•expend significant resources to redesign the products that use the infringing technology, or to develop or acquire non-infringing technology.
any of these actions could result in a substantial reduction in our revenue and could result in losses over an extended period of time.
our failure to obtain the right to use necessary third-party intellectual property rights on reasonable terms, or our failure to maintain, and comply with the terms and conditions applicable to these rights, could harm our business and prospects.
we have licensed, and in the future we may choose or be required to license, technology or intellectual property from third parties in connection with the development and marketing of our products. we cannot assure you that such licenses will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and our inability to obtain such licenses could require us to substitute technology of lower quality or of greater cost.

alternative products or services, or redesign our products or services, to avoid infringing third-party patents or proprietary rights. failure to obtain any such licenses or to develop a workaround could prevent us from commercializing products or services, and the prohibition of sale or the threat of the prohibition of sale of any of our products or services could materially affect our business and our ability to gain market acceptance for our products or services.
in addition, we incorporate open source software code in our proprietary software. use of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, since open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls with respect to origin, functionality or other features of the software. further, companies that incorporate open source software into their products have, from time to time, faced claims challenging their use of open source software and compliance with open source license terms. as a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or claiming noncompliance with open source licensing terms. some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their products to publicly disclose all or part of the source code in their software and make any derivative works of the open source code available for limited fees or at no cost. although we monitor our use of open source software, open source license terms may be ambiguous, and many of the risks associated with the use of open source software cannot be eliminated. if we were found to have inappropriately used open source software, we may be required to release our proprietary source code, re-engineer our software, discontinue the sale of certain products in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis, or take other remedial action. furthermore, if we are unable to obtain or maintain licenses from third parties or fail to comply with open source licenses, we may be subject to costly third-party claims of intellectual property infringement or ownership of our proprietary source code. there is little legal precedent in this area and any actual or claimed requirement to disclose our proprietary source code or pay damages for breach of contract could harm our business and could help third parties, including our competitors, develop products and services that are similar to or better than ours. any of the above could harm our business and put us at a competitive disadvantage.
risks related to legal proceedings and regulations changes in current laws or regulations or the imposition of new laws or regulations, or new interpretations thereof, in the solar energy sector, by federal or state agencies in the united states or foreign jurisdictions could impair our ability to compete and could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
there has been and will continue to be regulatory uncertainty in the clean energy sector generally and the solar energy sector in particular. changes in current laws or regulations, or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the united states and around the world, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, any changes to the laws and implementing regulations affecting the clean energy sector may create delays in the introduction of new products, prevent our customers from deploying our products or, in some cases, require us to redesign our products.
for example, several states or territories, including california, hawaii and queensland, australia, have either implemented or are considering implementing rules regulating the installation of solar power systems, and we may not be able to adequately evolve our products and services to accommodate such new policies and regulations, which may result in new rates and tariffs. in the event that we cannot comply with these or other new regulations or implement a solution to such noncompliance as they arise, the total market available for our microinverter and battery products in such states, and our business as a result, may be adversely impacted.
additionally, if the federal or state agencies in the united states takes action to eliminate or reduce laws, regulations and incentives supporting solar energy, such actions may result in a decrease in demand for solar energy in the united states and other geographical markets, it would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
changes in the united states trade environment, including the recent imposition of import tariffs, could adversely affect the amount or timing of our revenues, results of operations or cash flows.

the united states and china entered into an initial trade deal which preserves the bulk of the tariffs imposed in 2018 and maintains a threat of additional sanctions should china breach the terms of the deal.
however, in march 2020, the office of the u.s. trade representative announced certain exclusion requests related to tariffs on chinese imported microinverter products that fit the dimensions and weight limits within a section 301 tariff exclusion (the "tariff exclusion"). the tariff exclusion applied to covered products exported from china to the united states from september 24, 2018 until august 7, 2020. accordingly, we sought and received refunds totaling approximately $38.9 million plus approximately $0.6 million accrued interest on tariffs previously paid from september 24, 2018 to march 31, 2020 for certain microinverters that qualify for the tariff exclusion. this exemption expired in august 2020, and our request to extend it has been denied. unless u.s. policy changes, or we are eligible for other exemptions or take other actions to avoid them, such tariffs will continue to apply to our microinverters and other products. such tariffs could hurt the demand for these products and materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. there is no guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining exemptions or that any actions that we may pursue with respect to the organization and operation of our business will effectively mitigate the effects of any tariffs that apply to our business. if we are not able to avoid or mitigate the effects of such tariffs, the tariffs (or mitigating actions we might take) could result in material additional costs to us and our suppliers, and our results of operations could be negatively impacted as a result.
it is unknown whether and to what extent additional new tariffs or other new laws or regulations will be adopted that increase the cost of manufacturing in china and/or importing components from china to the united states. further, it is unknown what effect that any such new tariffs or retaliatory actions would have on us or our industry and customers. our lithium-ion phosphate ("lfp") battery cells for our storage products are supplied solely via our two suppliers in china. although we are in the process of searching for other suppliers outside of china for future supplies, the expertise and industry for the lfp battery cell is primarily in china and we cannot be certain that we will locate additional qualified suppliers with the right expertise to develop our battery cells outside of china, if at all.
in response to the tensions in us-china trade relations and increased tariffs, we focused efforts and resources on attaining manufacturers outside of china, primarily in mexico and india. the tariffs and the possibility of additional tariffs in the future have created uncertainty in the industry. if the price of solar power systems in the united states increases, the use of solar power systems could become less economically feasible and could reduce our gross margins or reduce the demand of solar power systems manufactured and sold, which in turn may decrease demand for our products. additionally, existing or future tariffs may negatively affect key partners, suppliers, and manufacturers. such outcomes could adversely affect the amount or timing of our revenues, results of operations or cash flows, and continuing uncertainty could cause sales volatility, price fluctuations or supply shortages or cause our customers to advance or delay their purchase of our products. it is difficult to predict what further trade-related actions governments may take, which may include additional or increased tariffs and trade restrictions, and we may be unable to quickly and effectively react to such actions. as additional new tariffs, legislation and/or regulations are implemented, or if existing trade agreements are renegotiated or if china or other affected countries take retaliatory trade actions, such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
in addition, while we are not aware of any other current or proposed export or import regulations that would materially restrict our ability to sell our products in countries where we offer our products for sale, any change in export or import regulations or related legislation, shift in approach to the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, persons or technologies targeted by these regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential customers with international operations. in such event, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our significant international operations subject us to additional risks that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we have significant international operations, including in emerging markets such as india, and we are continuing to expand our international operations as part of our growth strategy. as of december 31, 2022, approximately 50% of our total employees were located in india, where we primarily conduct our research and development activities, procurement, customer support services, and other general and administrative support functions.

in addition, during 2022, we continued to expand our operations into europe and for the year ended december 31, 2022 approximately 19% of our revenue was derived from europe as compared to approximately 14% of our revenue from the same region for the year ended december 31, 2021. our current international operations and our ongoing plans to expand our international operations have placed, and will continue to place, a strain on our employees, management systems and other resources.
our international operations may fail to succeed due to risks inherent in operating businesses internationally, such as:
•adverse social, political and economic conditions, such as inflation and rising interest rates;
•our lack of familiarity with commercial and social norms and customs in countries which may adversely affect our ability to recruit, retain and manage employees in these countries;
•difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations;
•the potential diversion of management's attention to oversee and direct operations that are geographically distant from our u.s. headquarters;
•compliance with multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy and data protection laws and other regulatory requirements;
•legal systems in which our ability to enforce and protect our rights may be different or less effective than in the united states and in which the ultimate result of dispute resolution is more difficult to predict;
•difficulty and cost of staffing and managing foreign operations;
•tariffs, export controls and other non-tariff barriers such as quotas and local content rules;
•more limited protection for intellectual property rights in some countries;
•adverse tax consequences, including as a result of transfer pricing adjustments involving our foreign operations;
•effects of adverse changes in currency exchange rates;
•higher incidence of corruption or unethical business practices;
•restrictions on the transfer of funds;
•natural disasters (including as a result of climate change), acts of war or terrorism, and public health emergencies, including the covid-19 pandemic; and
•uncertain economic, legal and political conditions in europe, asia and other regions where we do business, including, for example, as a result of the ongoing military conflict between russia and ukraine and changes in china-taiwan and u.s.-china relations.
the success of our international sales and operations will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and manage these risks effectively. our failure to manage any of these risks could harm our international operations, reduce our international sales, and could give rise to liabilities, costs or other business difficulties that could adversely affect our operations and financial results.
we could be adversely affected by any violations of the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act, and other foreign anti-bribery laws.

training designed to facilitate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, thereby mitigating the risk of violations of such laws, our employees, subcontractors, agents and partners may take actions in violation of our policies and anti-bribery laws. any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could subject us to criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and reputation.
from time to time we are involved in a number of legal proceedings and, while we cannot predict the outcomes of such proceedings and other contingencies with certainty, some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we are, or may become, involved in legal proceedings, government and agency investigations, and consumer, employment, tort and other litigation. we cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these legal proceedings. the outcome of these legal proceeding could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. there can also be no assurance that we are adequately insured to protect against all claims and potential liabilities. additionally, defending against lawsuits and legal proceedings may involve significant expense and could divert the attention of our key personnel.
risks related to our financial condition and liquidity our gross profit may fluctuate over time, which could impair our ability to achieve or maintain profitability.
our gross profit has varied in the past and is likely to continue to vary significantly from period to period. our gross profit may be adversely affected by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control, including:
•changes in customer, geographic or product mix;
•increased price competition, including the impact of customer and competitor discounts and rebates;
•our ability to reduce and control product costs, including our ability to make product cost reductions in a timely manner to offset declines in our product prices;
•warranty costs and reserves, including changes resulting from changes in estimates related to the long-term performance of our products, product replacement costs and warranty claim rates, as well as changes in the discount rates;
•loss of cost savings due to changes in component or raw material pricing or charges incurred due to inventory holding periods if product demand is not correctly anticipated;
•introduction of new products;
•ordering patterns from our distributors;
•price reductions on older products to sell remaining inventory;
•component shortages and related expedited shipping costs;
•our ability to reduce production costs, such as through technology innovations, in order to offset price declines in our products over time;
•changes in shipment volume;
•changes in distribution channels;
•excess and obsolete inventory and inventory holding charges;
•expediting costs incurred to meet customer delivery requirements;
•the impact of inflation;
•tariffs assessed on our products imported to the u.s. and elsewhere; and
•fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
fluctuations in gross profit may adversely affect our ability to manage our business or achieve or maintain profitability.

we are under continuous pressure to reduce the prices of our products, which has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our gross margins.
the solar power industry has been characterized by declining product prices over time. we have reduced the prices of our products in the past, and we expect to continue to experience pricing pressure for our products in the future, including from our major customers. in addition, we have reduced our prices ahead of planned cost reductions of our products, which has adversely affected our gross margins. when seeking to maintain or increase their market share, our competitors may also reduce the prices of their products. in addition, our customers may have the ability or seek to internally develop and manufacture competing products at a lower cost than we would otherwise charge, which would add additional pressure on us to lower our selling prices. if we are unable to offset any future reductions in our average selling prices by increasing our sales volume, reducing our costs and expenses or introducing new products, our gross margins would continue to be adversely affected.
given the general downward pressure on prices for our products driven by competitive pressure and technological change, a principal component of our business strategy is reducing the costs to manufacture our products to remain competitive. if our competitors are able to drive down their manufacturing costs faster than we can or increase the efficiency of their products, our products may become less competitive even when adjusted for efficiency, and we may be forced to sell our products at a price lower than our cost. further, if raw materials costs and other third-party component costs were to increase, we may not meet our cost reduction targets. if we cannot effectively execute our cost reduction roadmap, we may not be able to remain price competitive, which would result in lost market share and lower gross margins.
a drop in the retail price of electricity derived from the utility grid or from alternative energy sources, or a change in utility pricing structures, may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we believe that a system owner's decision to purchase a solar pv system is strongly influenced by the cost of electricity generated by solar pv installations relative to the retail price of electricity from the utility grid and the cost of other renewable energy sources, including electricity from solar pv installations using central inverters. decreases in the retail prices of electricity from the utility grid would make it more difficult for all solar pv systems to compete. in particular, growth in unconventional natural gas production and an increase in global liquefied natural gas capacity are expected to keep natural gas prices relatively low for the foreseeable future. persistent low natural gas prices, lower prices of electricity produced from other energy sources, such as nuclear power or coal-fired plants, or improvements to the utility infrastructure could reduce the retail price of electricity from the utility grid, making the purchase of solar pv systems less economically attractive and depressing sales of our products. in addition, energy conservation technologies and public initiatives to reduce demand for electricity also could cause a fall in the retail price of electricity from the utility grid.
moreover, technological developments by our competitors in the solar industry, including manufacturers of central inverters and dc-to-dc optimizers, could allow these competitors or their partners to offer electricity at costs lower than those that can be achieved from solar pv installations based on our product platform, which could result in reduced demand for our products. additionally, as increasing adoption of distributed generation places pressure on traditional utility business models or utility infrastructure, utilities may change their pricing structures to increase the cost of installation or operation of solar distributed generation. such measures can include grid access fees, costly or lengthy interconnection studies, limitations on distributed generation penetration levels, or other measures. if the cost of electricity generated by solar pv installations incorporating our solutions is high relative to the cost of electricity from other sources, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed.
if we do not forecast demand for our products accurately, we may experience product shortages, delays in product shipment, excess product inventory, difficulties in planning expenses or disputes with suppliers, any of which will adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we manufacture our products according to our estimates of customer demand. this process requires us to make multiple forecasts and assumptions relating to the demand of our distributors, their end customers and general market conditions. because we sell most of our products to distributors, who in turn sell to their end customers, we have limited visibility as to end-customer demand. we depend significantly on our distributors to provide us visibility into their end-customer demand, and we use these forecasts to make our own forecasts and planning decisions. if the information from our distributors turns out to be incorrect, then our own forecasts may also be inaccurate. furthermore, we do not have long-term purchase commitments from our distributors or end customers, and our sales are generally made by purchase orders that may be canceled, changed or deferred without notice to us or penalty. as a result, it is difficult to forecast future customer demand to plan our operations.

if we overestimate demand for our products, or if purchase orders are canceled or shipments are delayed, we may have excess inventory that we cannot sell. we may have to make significant provisions for inventory write-downs based on events that are currently not known, and such provisions or any adjustments to such provisions could be material. we may also become involved in disputes with our suppliers who may claim that we failed to fulfill forecast or minimum purchase requirements. conversely, if we underestimate demand, we may not have sufficient inventory to meet end-customer demand, and we may lose market share, damage relationships with our distributors and end customers and forgo potential revenue opportunities. obtaining additional supply in the face of product shortages may be costly or impossible, particularly in light of supply chain disruptions and our outsourced manufacturing processes, which could prevent us from fulfilling orders in a timely and cost-efficient manner or at all. in addition, if we overestimate our production requirements, our contract manufacturers may purchase excess components and build excess inventory. if our contract manufacturers, at our request, purchase excess components that are unique to our products and are unable to recoup the costs of such excess through resale or return or build excess products, we could be required to pay for these excess parts or products and recognize related inventory write-downs.
in addition, we plan our operating expenses, including research and development expenses, hiring needs and inventory investments, in part on our estimates of customer demand and future revenue. if customer demand or revenue for a particular period is lower than we expect, we may not be able to proportionately reduce our fixed operating expenses for that period, which would harm our operating results for that period.
our focus on a limited number of specific markets increases risks associated with the modification, elimination or expiration of governmental subsidies and economic incentives for on-grid solar electricity applications.
to date, we have generated the majority of our revenues from north america, and revenues generated from the u.s. market represented 76%, 80% and 82% of our total revenue for the annual period ending on december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. we also expect to continue to generate a substantial amount of our revenues from north america in the future.
there are a number of important incentives (including the itc, amptc and other u.s. federal and state tax incentives), that impact our business. under the ira, the itc was extended until 2032 to allow a qualifying homeowner to deduct 30% of the cost of installing residential solar systems from their u.s. federal income taxes, thereby returning a material portion of the purchase price of the residential solar system to homeowners. under the terms of the current extension, the itc will remain at 30% through the end of 2032, reduce to 26% for 2033, reduce to 22% for 2034, and further reduce to 0.0% after the end of 2034 for residential solar systems, unless it is further extended before that time. the internal revenue service has not provided guidance so there is still uncertainty on how the new tax rules will be applied. if the itc, amptc or other tax credits are reduced or eliminated as part of futures changes to the u.s. internal revenue code, changes to state law or regulatory reform initiatives by subsequent legislative action or by a presidential administration, sales of our products in north america and other markets could be adversely affected. in addition, if we develop plans to increase our manufacturing with third-party manufacturers in the united states in reliance of the incentives in the ira, there is no guarantee that we will realize the benefits we currently expect in the future.
in addition, net energy metering tariffs are being evaluated and, in some instances modified, which may have a negative impact on future inverter sales. we derive a significant portion of our revenues from california's residential solar market and the existing california net energy metering tariff has been very successful in incentivizing the installation of residential solar power systems. future legislative or regulatory changes in california, such as the current nem 3.0 decision, may discourage further growth in the residential solar market.
a number of european countries, including germany, belgium, italy and the united kingdom have adopted reductions in or concluded their net energy metering or fit programs. certain countries have proposed or enacted taxes levied on renewable energy. these and related developments have significantly impacted the solar industry in europe and may adversely affect the future demand for the solar energy solutions in europe, which could adversely impact our results of operations.

2018, the states of victoria and south australia introduced state-based incentive schemes, aimed at solar customers in the state of victoria and battery storage in the state of south australia. other australian states and territories introduced similar programs in 2019. any change in, or failure to implement, these programs may adversely affect the demand for solar energy solutions in australia.
u.s. federal and state tax credits, grants and other incentive programs have had a positive effect on our sales since inception. however, unless these programs are further extended or modified to allow for continued growth in the residential solar market, the phase-out of such programs could adversely affect sales of our products in the future. reductions in incentives and uncertainty around future energy policy, including local content requirements, have negatively affected and may continue to negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations as we seek to increase our business domestically and abroad. additionally, as we further expand to other countries, changes in incentive programs or electricity policies could negatively affect returns on our investments in those countries as well as our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our portfolio of marketable securities is subject to market, interest and credit risk that may reduce its value.
as of december 31, 2022, we had approximately $1,139.6 million in debt security investments. these investments consisted primarily of money market funds, u.s. treasuries, u.s. government securities, commercial paper and debt securities of corporations. we currently do not use derivative financial instruments to adjust our investment portfolio risk or income profile. these investments, as well as any cash deposited in bank accounts, are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by unusual events, such as the covid-19 pandemic and the u.s. debt ceiling crisis, which affected various sectors of the financial markets and led to global credit and liquidity issues. if the global credit market continues to experience volatility or deteriorates, our investment portfolio may be impacted and some or all of our investments may experience other-than-temporary impairment, which could adversely impact our operating results and position.
risks related to our acquisition activity as part of growing our business, we have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions. if we fail to successfully select, execute or integrate our acquisitions, then our business and operating results could be harmed and our stock price could decline.
from time to time, we will undertake acquisitions to add new product lines and technologies, gain new sales channels or enter new sales territories. for example, in 2021, we acquired sofdesk, the solar design business of din, 365 pronto, and clippercreek, and in 2022, we acquired solarleadfactory and greencom. acquisitions involve numerous risks and challenges, including but not limited to the following:
•integrating the companies, assets, systems, products, sales channels and personnel that we acquire;
•higher than anticipated acquisition and integration costs and expenses;
•reliance on third parties to provide transition services for a period of time after closing to ensure an orderly transition of the business;
•growing or maintaining revenues to justify the purchase price and the increased expenses associated with acquisitions;
•entering into territories or markets with which we have limited or no prior experience;
•establishing or maintaining business relationships with customers, vendors and suppliers who may be new to us;
•overcoming the employee, customer, vendor and supplier turnover that may occur as a result of the acquisition;
•disruption of, and demands on, our ongoing business as a result of integration activities including diversion of management's time and attention from running the day to day operations of our business;
•inability to implement uniform standards, disclosure controls and procedures, internal controls over financial reporting and other procedures and policies in a timely manner;
•inability to realize the anticipated benefits of or successfully integrate with our existing business the businesses, products, technologies or personnel that we acquire; and
•potential post-closing disputes.

as part of undertaking an acquisition, we may also significantly revise our capital structure or operational budget, such as issuing common stock that would dilute the ownership percentage of our stockholders, assuming liabilities or debt, utilizing a substantial portion of our cash resources to pay for the acquisition or significantly increasing operating expenses. our acquisitions have resulted and may in the future result in charges being taken in an individual quarter as well as future periods, which results in variability in our quarterly earnings. in addition, our effective tax rate in any particular quarter may also be impacted by acquisitions. following the closing of an acquisition, we may also have disputes with the seller regarding contractual requirements and covenants, purchase price adjustments, contingent payments or for indemnifiable losses. any such disputes may be time consuming and distract management from other aspects of our business. in addition, if we increase the pace or size of acquisitions, we will have to expend significant management time and effort into the transactions and integrations, and we may not have the proper human resources bandwidth to ensure successful integrations and accordingly, our business could be harmed or the benefits of our acquisitions may not be realized.
as part of the terms of an acquisition, we may commit to pay additional contingent consideration if certain revenue or other performance milestones are met. we are required to evaluate the fair value of such commitments at each reporting date and adjust the amount recorded if there are changes to the fair value.
we cannot ensure that we will be successful in selecting, executing and integrating acquisitions. failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions could materially harm our business and operating results. in addition, if stock market analysts or our stockholders do not support or believe in the value of the acquisitions that we choose to undertake, our stock price may decline.
we invest in companies for both strategic and financial reasons but may not realize a return on our investments.
we have made, and continue to seek to make, investments in companies around the world to further our strategic objectives and support our key business initiatives. these investments may include equity or debt instruments of public or private companies and may be non-marketable at the time of our initial investment. we do not restrict the types of companies in which we seek to invest. these companies may range from early-stage companies that are often still defining their strategic direction to more mature companies with established revenue streams and business models. if any company in which we invest fails, we could lose all or part of our investment in that company. if we determine that an other-than-temporary decline in the fair value exists for an equity or debt investment in a public or private company in which we have invested, we will have to write down the investment to its fair value and recognize the related write-down as an investment loss. the performance of any of these investments could result in significant impairment charges and gains (losses) on other equity investments. we must also analyze accounting and legal issues when making these investments. if we do not structure these investments properly, we may be subject to certain unfavorable accounting impact, such as potential consolidation of financial results.
furthermore, if the strategic objectives of an investment have been achieved, or if the investment or business diverges from our strategic objectives, we may seek to dispose of the investment. our non-marketable equity investments in private companies are not liquid, and we may not be able to dispose of these investments on favorable terms or at all. the occurrence of any of these events could harm our results. gains or losses from equity securities could vary from expectations depending on gains or losses realized on the sale or exchange of securities and impairment charges related to debt instruments as well as equity and other investments.
an impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other intangible and long-lived assets could negatively affect our operating results.
we record goodwill from the purchase consideration paid in excess of the fair value of the net assets recorded in connection with a business acquisition. we may not realize all the economic benefit from our business acquisitions, which could result in an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets. as of december 31, 2022, goodwill and intangible assets, net were approximately $213.6 million and $99.5 million, respectively. we test goodwill for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year or between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level, which we have determined to be the same as the entity as a whole (entity level). we first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its carrying value. if, after assessing the qualitative factors, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than it's carrying value, an impairment analysis will be performed.

qualitative factors include industry and market consideration, overall financial performance, share price trends and market capitalization and company-specific events. we may be required to record a significant charge in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, which would negatively impact our operating results.
risks related to our debt and equity securities the market price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance.
the market price of our common stock has been and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to, among other things, the other risk factors described herein, and other factors beyond our control, such as quarterly variations in operating results, announcements of technology innovations or new products by us or our competitors, changes in financial estimates, negative recommendations by securities analysts, the operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors may deem comparable to us, and new reports relating to trends in our markets or general economic conditions. these fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. these broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rate changes, inflation or international currency fluctuations, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.
in addition, the use of the internet, social media, and blogging have allowed short sellers to publicly attack a company's credibility, strategy and veracity by means of so-called "research reports" that mimic the type of investment analysis performed by legitimate securities research analysts. these short attacks have in the past led to stock price declines and significant selling activity in our common stock.
many companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. we have been in the past and may become the target of this type of litigation in the future. securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management's attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.
conversion of our convertible notes may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock, adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
in march 2021, we issued and sold a total of $575.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 0.0% convertible senior notes due 2028 (the "notes due 2028") and $632.5 million aggregate principal amount of our 0.0% convertible senior notes due 2026 (the "notes due 2026").
in march 2020, we issued and sold a total of $320.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 0.25% convertible senior notes due 2025 (the "notes due 2025").
in august 2018, we issued and sold a total of $65.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.0% convertible senior notes due 2023 (the "notes due 2023") in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers and an affiliate of ours. in may 2019, we entered into separately and privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of the notes due 2023 resulting in the repurchase and exchange of $60.0 million aggregate principal amount of the notes in consideration for the issuance of shares of common stock and separate cash payments.
the conversion condition for the notes due 2025 was met during the quarter ended december 31, 2022. therefore, the notes due 2025 became convertible at the holders' option beginning on january 1, 2023 and continue to be convertible through march 31, 2023. accordingly, we have classified the net carrying amount of the notes due 2025 of $90.9 million as debt, current on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2022.
we may receive conversion requests that require settlement in the first quarter of 2023. if more holders elect to convert their notes due 2025 in future periods, we intend to settle all or a portion of our conversion obligation related to the aggregate principal amount in cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity and result in a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, to the extent we receive conversion requests, we may also record a loss on early conversions of the notes due 2025 converted by note holders based on the difference between the fair market value allocated to the liability component on the settlement date and the net carrying amount of the liability component and unamortized debt issuance on the settlement date.

as of december 31, 2022 we have following convertible notes outstanding:
•$575.0 million aggregate principal amount of the notes due 2028 were outstanding; (the foregoing, collectively, the "2028 convertible notes");
•$632.5 million aggregate principal amount of the notes due 2026 were outstanding; (the foregoing, collectively, the "2026 convertible notes");
•$102.2 million aggregate principal amount of the notes due 2025 were outstanding; (the foregoing, collectively, the "2025 convertible notes"); and
•$5.0 million aggregate principal amount of the notes due 2023 were outstanding; (the foregoing, collectively, the "2023 convertible notes", together with the 2028 convertible notes, the 2026 convertible notes and the 2025 convertible notes, the "convertible notes").
the conversion of some or all of the convertible notes may dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders. any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. in addition, the existence of the convertible notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the convertible notes could be used to satisfy short positions. in addition, the anticipated conversion of the convertible notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock.
servicing our debts requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our debts.
our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including the convertible notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debts, including the convertible notes, and make necessary capital expenditures. if we are unable to generate cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. our ability to refinance our indebtedness, including the convertible notes, will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. we may not be able to engage in any of those activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations, including our obligations under the convertible notes.
we may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the convertible notes or repurchase the convertible note upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the convertible notes.
holders of our convertible notes will have the right to require us to repurchase their convertible notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the convertible notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. fundamental change is defined in the convertible notes indenture entered into in connection with the financing and consists of events such as an acquisition of a majority of our outstanding common stock, an acquisition of our company or substantially all of our assets, the approval by our stockholders of a plan of liquidation or dissolution, or our common stock no longer being listed on the nasdaq global select market or the nasdaq global market. upon conversion of the convertible notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the convertible notes being converted. however, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make such repurchase of the convertible notes. in addition, our ability to repurchase the convertible notes or to pay cash upon conversion of the convertible notes may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. our failure to repurchase notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the relevant indenture or to pay any cash payable on future conversions of the notes as required by the relevant indenture would constitute a default under the relevant indenture. a default under the indenture or a fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our future indebtedness. if the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the convertible notes or make cash payments upon conversion of the convertible notes.

the convertible note hedge and warrant transactions and/or their early termination may affect the value of our common stock.
in connection with the offering of the notes due 2028, notes due 2026 and notes due 2025, we entered into privately negotiated convertible note hedge transactions pursuant to which we have the option to purchase approximately the same number of shares of our common stock initially issuable upon conversion of the notes due 2028, notes due 2026 and notes due 2025, at a price approximately the same as the initial conversion price of the notes due 2028, notes due 2026 and notes due 2025. these transactions are expected to reduce the potential dilution with respect to our common stock upon conversion of the notes due 2028, notes due 2026 and notes due 2025. separately, we also entered into privately negotiated warrant transactions to acquire the same number of shares of our common stock initially issuable upon conversion of the notes due 2028, notes due 2026 and notes due 2025 (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments) at an initial strike price of approximately $370.33, $397.91 and $106.94 per share for notes due 2028, notes due 2026 and notes due 2025, respectively. if the market value per share of our common stock, as measured under the warrants, exceeds the strike price of the warrants, the warrants will have a dilutive effect on the ownership interests of existing stockholders and on our earnings per share, unless we elect, subject to certain conditions, to settle the warrants in cash. however, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time of settlement.
in addition, the existence of the convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may encourage purchasing and selling share of our common stock, or other of our securities and instruments, in open market and/or privately negotiated transactions in order to modify hedge positions. any of these activities could adversely affect the value of our common stock and the value of the notes due 2028, notes due 2026 and notes due 2025.
changes in current accounting methods, standards, or regulations applicable to the convertible notes due 2028, notes due 2026 and notes due 2025 could have a material impact on our reported financial results, future financial results, future cash flows, and/or our stock price.
under accounting standards codification ("asc") 470-20, "debt with conversion and other options," an entity must separately account for the host contract and conversion option associated with convertible debt instruments, such as the notes due 2025, that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion, in a manner that reflects the issuer's economic interest cost. for the notes due 2025, conversion option met the classification of an embedded derivative liability, from march 9, 2020 to may 19, 2020, and hence we had included embedded derivative liability in the debt, non-current on our condensed consolidated balance sheet at the issuance date. effective upon the filing of an amendment to our certificate of incorporation on may 20, 2020, the conversion option of the notes due 2025 met the classification of an equity component, hence we reclassified the embedded derivative liability in the debt, non-current to additional paid-in capital section of stockholders' equity on our condensed consolidated balance sheet on may 20, 2020. this change in fair value of derivatives has resulted in a charge recognized of $44.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. we have treated the value of the equity component and embedded derivative liability as debt discount for the host contract at the issuance date. we are required to amortize the debt discount as non-cash interest expense over the term of the notes due 2025, which could adversely affect our reported or future financial results or the trading price of our common stock.
in august 2020, the fasb issued account standard update ("asu") 2020-06, "debt - debt with conversion and other options (subtopic 470-20)," effective january 1, 2022, the notes due 2028 and notes due 2026 were accounted for as a single liability measured at its amortized cost. interest expense associated with the notes due 2028 and notes due 2026 recorded in the consolidated statements of operations is close to the coupon rate interest expense. further, for the diluted earnings per share calculation, treasury stock method will no longer be permitted for the notes due 2028, the notes due 2026 and the notes due 2025. the if-converted method is used for the calculation of the diluted earnings per share calculation, when accounting for the shares issuable upon conversion of the notes due 2028, the notes due 2026 and the notes due 2025, which will adversely affect our diluted earnings per share. however, if the principal amount of the notes due 2028, notes due 2026 and notes due 2025 being converted is required to be paid in cash and only the excess is permitted to be settled in shares, the if-converted method will produce a similar result as the "treasury stock" method which was applied prior to the adoption of asu 2020-06.

effective interest rate, and financing activities for the remainder. this will require us to classify remainder of the debt discount of $21.9 million for notes due 2025 of accreted interest as cash used in operating activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows upon cash settlement, which could adversely affect our future cash flow from operations.
our financial results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, which may lead to volatility in our stock price.
our quarterly revenue and results of operations have varied in the past and may continue to vary significantly from quarter to quarter. as a result, the trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. in addition, the trading prices of the securities of solar companies in general have been highly volatile, and the volatility in market price and trading volume of securities is often unrelated or disproportionate to the financial performance of the companies issuing the securities. factors affecting the market price of our common stock, some of which are beyond our control, include:
•seasonal and other fluctuations in demand for our products;
•the timing, volume and product mix of sales of our products, which may have different average selling prices or profit margins;
•changes in our pricing and sales policies or the pricing and sales policies of our competitors;
•the impact of supply chain disruptions, the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and the war in ukraine, on our business, sales and results of operations;
•our ability to design, manufacture and deliver products to our customers in a timely and cost-effective manner and that meet customer requirements;
•our ability to manage our relationships with our contract manufacturers, customers and suppliers;
•quality control or yield problems in our manufacturing operations;
•the anticipation, announcement or introductions of new or enhanced products by our competitors and ourselves;
•reductions in the retail price of electricity;
•our exposure to the credit risks of our customers, particularly in light of the fact that some of our customers are relatively new entrants to the solar market without long operating or credit histories, and the impact of inflation and higher interest rates;
•changes in laws, regulations and policies applicable to our business and products, particularly those relating to government incentives for solar energy applications;
•the impact of tariffs on the solar industry in general and our products in particular;
•the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our business operations;
•the impact of government-sponsored programs on our customers;
•our ability to estimate future warranty obligations due to product failure rates, claim rates or replacement costs;
•our ability to forecast our customer demand and manufacturing requirements, and manage our inventory;
•fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;
•announcement of acquisitions or dispositions of our assets or business operations;
•issuances of our common stock or equity-linked securities such as the convertible notes;
•changes in our management;

•technical factors in the public trading market for our common stock that may produce price movements that may or may not comport to macro, industry or company-specific fundamentals, including, without limitation, the sentiment of retail investors (including as may be expressed on financial trading and other social media sites), the amount and status of short interest in our securities, rising interest rates, inflation, access to margin debt, trading in options and other derivatives on our common stock and any related hedging or other technical trading factors; and
•general economic conditions and changes in such conditions specific to our target markets.
the above factors are difficult to forecast, and these, as well as other factors, could materially and adversely affect our quarterly and annual results of operations. any failure to adjust spending quickly enough to compensate for a revenue shortfall could magnify the adverse impact of this revenue shortfall on our results of operations. moreover, our results of operations may not meet our announced guidance or the expectations of research analysts or investors, in which case the price of our common stock could decrease significantly. there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully address these risks.
in addition, in the past, many companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. we have been in the past and may become in the future the target of this type of litigation in the future. securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management's attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.
we may not be able to raise additional capital to execute on our current or future business opportunities on favorable terms, if at all, or without dilution to our stockholders.
we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and cash flows from our operating activities will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. however, we may need to raise additional capital or debt financing to execute on our current or future business strategies, including to:
•provide additional cash reserves to support our operations;
•invest in our research and development efforts;
•expand our operations into new product markets and new geographies;
•acquire complementary businesses, products, services or technologies; or
•otherwise pursue our strategic plans and respond to competitive pressures, including adjustments to our business to mitigate the effects of any tariffs that might apply to us or our industry.
we do not know what forms of financing, if any, will be available to us. if financing is not available on acceptable terms, if and when needed, our ability to fund our operations, enhance our research and development and sales and marketing functions, develop and enhance our products, respond to unanticipated events and opportunities, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited. in any such event, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed, and we may be unable to continue our operations. moreover, if we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders could be significantly diluted, and these newly issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders.
we currently do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment is if the price of our common stock appreciates.
we currently do not plan to declare dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable future. in addition, our term loan agreement restricts our ability to pay dividends. consequently, an investor's only opportunity to achieve a return on its investment in our company will be if the market price of our common stock appreciates and the investor sells its shares at a profit.
our charter documents and delaware law could prevent a takeover that stockholders consider favorable and could also reduce the market price of our stock.
our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. these provisions could also make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. these provisions include:
•providing for a classified board of directors with staggered, three-year terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors;

•not providing for cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates;
•authorizing our board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock rights senior to those of common stock, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquiror;
•prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders;
•requiring the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of voting stock, voting as a single class, to amend provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to the management of our business, our board of directors, stockholder action by written consent, advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals, forum selection and the liability of our directors, or to amend our bylaws, which may inhibit the ability of stockholders or an acquiror to effect such amendments to facilitate changes in management or an unsolicited takeover attempt;
•requiring special meetings of stockholders may only be called by our chairman of the board, if any, our chief executive officer, our president or a majority of our board of directors, which could delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and
•requiring advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals, which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror's own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us.
in addition, the provisions of section 203 of the delaware general corporate law may prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15% or more of our outstanding common stock, from engaging in certain business combinations, without approval of substantially all of our stockholders, for a certain period of time.
these provisions in our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and under delaware law could discourage potential takeover attempts, reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock in the future and result in the market price being lower than it would be without these provisions.
general risks related to our business natural disasters, public health events, significant disruptions of information technology systems, data security breaches, or other catastrophic events could adversely affect our operations.
our worldwide operations could be subject to natural disasters (including as a result of climate change), public health events, significant disruptions of information technology systems, data security breaches and other catastrophic business disruptions, which could harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. for example, our corporate headquarters in fremont, california is located near major earthquake fault lines and our petaluma, california facility is near fault lines and the sites of recent catastrophic wildfires. we rely on third-party manufacturing facilities, including for all product assembly and final testing of our products, which are performed at third-party manufacturing facilities, in china, mexico and india. there may be conflict or uncertainty in the countries in which we operate, including public health issues (for example, the ongoing covid-19 pandemic or an outbreak of other contagious diseases or health epidemics), safety issues, natural disasters, fire, disruptions of service from utilities, nuclear power plant accidents, regional wars, or general economic or political factors. such risks could result in an increase in the cost of components, production delays, general business interruptions, delays from difficulties in obtaining export licenses for certain technology, tariffs and other barriers and restrictions, longer payment cycles, increased taxes, restrictions on the repatriation of funds and the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, any of which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business.
in the event that natural disasters (including as a result of climate change), public health epidemics or technical catastrophes were to damage or destroy any part of our facilities or those of our contract manufacturer, destroy or disrupt vital infrastructure systems or interrupt our operations or services for any extended period of time, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.

if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls or are unable to remediate any deficiencies in our internal controls, we might not be able to report our financial results accurately or prevent fraud; in that case, our stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and could negatively impact the price of our stock.
effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. in addition, section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, as amended (the "sarbanes-oxley act"), requires us to establish and maintain internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls procedures. the process of implementing our internal controls and complying with section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act has required, and will continue to require, significant attention of management. if we or our independent registered public accounting firm discover a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remedied, could reduce the market's confidence in our financial statements and harm our stock price. to the extent any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting are identified, we could be required to expend significant management time and financial resources to correct such material weaknesses or to respond to any resulting regulatory investigations or proceedings.
our business is subject to tax liabilities.
we are subject to income tax, indirect tax or other tax claims by tax agencies in jurisdictions in which we conduct business. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. the ira included significant changes to the u.s. federal income tax laws, the consequences of which could increase our future u.s. income tax expense. as additional guidance is issued by the applicable taxing authorities and as new accounting treatment is clarified, we may report additional adjustments in the period if new information becomes available. we have a significant amount of deferred tax assets and a portion of the deferred tax assets related to net operating losses or tax credits could be subject to limitations under the code sections 382 or 383, separate return limitation year rules. the limitations could reduce our ability to utilize our net operating losses or tax credits before the expiration of the tax attributes. tax law changes or the limitations could be material and could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate.
in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate income tax, indirect tax, or other tax determination is uncertain. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, we cannot be certain that the final determination of our tax audits and litigation will not be materially different from that which is reflected in historical tax provisions and accruals. should additional taxes be assessed as a result of an audit, assessment or litigation, there could be a material adverse effect on our cash, tax provisions and net income (loss) in the period or periods for which that determination is made.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this annual report on form 10-k.
business overview and 2022 highlights we are a global energy technology company. we deliver smart, easy-to-use solutions that manage solar generation, storage and communication on one platform. we revolutionized the solar industry with our microinverter technology and we produce a fully integrated solar-plus-storage solution. as of december 31, 2022, we have shipped approximately 58 million microinverters, and over 3.0 million enphase residential and commercial systems have been deployed in more than 145 countries.
we sell primarily to solar distributors who combine our products with others, including solar modules products and racking systems, and resell to installers in each target region. in addition to our solar distributors, we sell directly to select large installers, original equipment manufacturers ("oems") and strategic partners. our oems customers include solar module manufacturers who integrate our microinverters with their solar module products and resell to both distributors and installers. strategic partners include providers of solar financing solutions. we also sell certain products and services to homeowners primarily in support of our warranty services and legacy product upgrade programs via our online store.
in march 2022, we paid approximately $26.1 million in cash for the acquisition of solarleadfactory, a privately-held company. solarleadfactory provides high quality leads to solar installers.
in october 2022, we paid approximately $34.9 million in cash for the acquisition of greencom, a privately-held company. greencom provides internet of things (iot) software solutions for customers to connect and manage a wide range of distributed energy devices within the home.
further details on the above acquisition may be found in note 6, "business combinations", in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
global events affecting our business and operations supply chain constraints. due to increased demand across a range of industries, the global supply chain and the semiconductor industry experienced significant disruptions in second half of 2021 and during 2022. we have seen supply chain challenges, including component shortages, which have, in certain cases, caused delays in critical components and inventory, longer lead times, and have resulted in increased costs.
we believe these supply chain challenges will persist in 2023 and expect that the extended lead times and elevated supply chain costs we have experienced will continue for the reasonably foreseeable future. it is unclear when the supply environment will become less volatile and what impacts the supply environment will have on our business and results of operations in future periods. in addition, the impact of inflation on the price of components, raw materials and labor has increased, although in the near term we have not seen our gross margin impacted by inflation as we increased prices for our product offerings in the second half of 2021 and in 2022 as well.
throughout 2022, overall reliability of supply improved, and the majority of our suppliers were able to deliver components by their promised lead times, although such times had, in many cases, been extended. we continue to work to mitigate the effects of supply chain constraints and the impacts of inflation. in the event we are unable to mitigate the impact of delays in and/or price increases for raw materials, electronic components and freight, the manufacturing and installation of our products could be delayed, which would adversely impact our cash flows and results of operations, including revenue and gross margin. we continue to focus on a range of initiatives that seek to optimize our operations, improve our resiliency, and drive cost reductions. we seek to balance these goals through our sourcing and supply chain strategy, outsourcing and our use of lower cost geographies. our efforts also include process optimization initiatives designed to drive improved efficiencies in our sourcing, production, logistics and fulfillment.

table of contents impact on our partners, suppliers and employees, and actions that may be taken by governmental authorities. if the covid-19 pandemic or its adverse effects become more severe or prevalent or are prolonged in the locations where we, our customers, suppliers or manufacturers conduct business, or we experience more pronounced disruptions in our business or operations, or in economic activity and demand for our products and services generally, our business and results of operations in future periods could be materially adversely affected. further information relating to the risks and uncertainties related to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic may be found in part i, item 1a, risk factors of this annual report on form 10-k.
russia and ukraine conflict. in february 2022, armed conflict escalated between russia and ukraine. the united states and certain other countries have imposed sanctions on russia and could impose further sanctions, which could damage or disrupt international commerce and the global economy. while we do not have sales or operations in russia or ukraine, it is possible that the conflict or actions taken in response, could adversely affect some of our markets and suppliers, the broader economic and financial markets, or costs and availability of components and materials, or cause further supply chain disruptions.
inflation reduction act of 2022. in august 2022, the ira was enacted, which includes extension of the itc as well as an amptc to incentivize clean energy component sourcing and production, including for the production of solar related components, battery cells and battery packs. the ira provides for an amptc on microinverters of 11 cents per alternating current watt basis. the amptc for each component, including on microinverters, decreases by 25% each year beginning in 2030 and ending after 2032. under the ira, the itc was extended until 2032 to allow a qualifying homeowner to deduct 30% of the cost of installing residential solar systems from their u.s. federal income taxes, thereby returning a material portion of the purchase price of the residential solar system to homeowners. under the terms of the current extension, the itc will remain at 30% through the end of 2032, reduce to 26% for 2033, reduce to 22% for 2034, and further reduce to 0.0% after the end of 2034 for residential solar systems, unless it is extended before that time. we believe the enactment of the ira is favorable to our overall business worldwide; however, we are continuing to evaluate the overall impact and applicability of the ira to our results of operations going forward, including the revisions to the u.s. internal revenue code, which includes a 15% corporate minimum income tax and a 1% excise tax on corporate stock repurchases in tax years beginning after december 31, 2022.
in december 2022, the california's public utilities commission approved and voted for nem 3.0, which will be in effect starting april 15, 2023. the new policy reduces the compensation earned by solar customers selling extra energy to the grid by a substantial amount. the average export rate in california is expected to be approximately $0.05/kwh to $0.08/kwh when effected compared to current average of $0.25/kwh to $0.35/kwh. nem 3.0 in california may reduce demand for solar pv systems, including our future inverter sales.
components of consolidated statements of operations net revenues revenues we generate revenue from sales of our solutions, which include microinverter and related accessories, an iq gateway, the cloud-based enlighten monitoring service, storage solutions, ev charging solutions, design, proposal, permitting and lead generation services, as well as a platform matching cleantech asset owners to a local and on-demand workforce of service providers, to distributors, large installers, original equipment manufacturers ("oems") and strategic partners.
our revenue is affected by changes in the volume and average selling prices of our solutions and related accessories, supply and demand, sales incentives, and competitive product offerings. our revenue growth is dependent on our ability to compete effectively in the marketplace by remaining cost competitive, developing and introducing new products that meet the changing technology and performance requirements of our customers, the diversification and expansion of our revenue base, and our ability to market our products in a manner that increases awareness for microinverter technology and differentiates us in the marketplace.

table of contents design and proposal services, and employee-related expenses associated with proposal and permitting services and design and proposal service customer support. our product costs are impacted by technological innovations, such as advances in semiconductor integration and new product introductions, economies of scale resulting in lower component costs, and improvements in production processes and automation. certain costs, primarily personnel and depreciation and amortization of test equipment, are not directly affected by sales volume.
we outsource our manufacturing to third-party contract manufacturers and generally negotiate product pricing with them on a quarterly basis. we believe our contract manufacturing partners have sufficient production capacity to meet the anticipated demand for our products for the foreseeable future. however, shortages in the supply of certain key raw materials could adversely affect our ability to meet customer demand for our products. we contract with third parties, including one of our contract manufacturers, to serve as our logistics providers by warehousing and delivering our products in the united states, europe and asia.
gross profit may vary from quarter to quarter and is primarily affected by our average selling prices, product cost, product mix, customer mix, tariff refunds, warranty costs and sales volume fluctuations resulting from seasonality.
operating expenses operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, general and administrative and restructuring expenses. personnel-related costs are the most significant component of each of these expense categories and include salaries, benefits, payroll taxes, sales commissions, incentive compensation, post-combination expense and stock-based compensation.
research and development expense include personnel-related expenses, third-party design and development costs, testing and evaluation costs, depreciation expense and other indirect costs. research and development employees are primarily engaged in the design and development of power electronics, semiconductors, powerline communications, networking and software functionality, and storage. we devote substantial resources to research and development programs that focus on enhancements to, and cost efficiencies in, our existing products and timely development of new products that utilize technological innovation to drive down product costs, improve functionality, and enhance reliability. we intend to continue to invest appropriate resources in our research and development efforts because we believe they are critical to maintaining our competitive position.
sales and marketing expense include personnel-related expenses, travel, trade shows, marketing, customer support and other indirect costs. we expect to continue to make the necessary investments to enable us to execute our strategy to increase our market penetration geographically and enter into new markets by expanding our customer base of distributors, large installers, oems and strategic partners. we currently offer solutions targeting the residential and commercial markets in the united states, canada, mexico, europe, australia, new zealand, india, brazil, the philippines, thailand, south africa and certain other central american and asian markets. we expect to continue to expand the geographic reach of our product offerings and explore new sales channels in addressable markets in the future.
general and administrative expense include personnel-related expenses for our executive, finance, human resources, information technology and legal organizations, facilities costs, and fees for professional services. fees for professional services consist primarily of outside legal, accounting and information technology consulting costs.
restructuring charges are the net charges resulting from restructuring initiatives implemented in 2022 to reorganize our global workforce, consolidate facilities and eliminate non-core projects. under this restructuring, costs included in restructuring primarily consisted of employee severance and one-time benefits, workforce reorganization charges and non-cash charges related to impairment of property and equipment.
other income (expense), net other income (expense), net primarily consists of interest income on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, amortization of discount or premium on purchase of cash equivalents and marketable securities, gains or losses upon conversion of foreign currency transactions into u.s. dollars, interest expense, fees under our convertible notes, changes in fair value of contingent consideration, non-cash interest expense related to the accretion of debt discount and amortization of deferred financing costs, non-cash charges recognized for loss on partial settlement of convertible notes and the change in fair value of our convertible notes embedded derivative and warrants.

table of contents income tax benefit (provision)
we are subject to income taxes in the countries where we sell our products. historically, we have primarily been subject to taxation in the united states because we have sold the majority of our products to customers in the united states. as we have expanded the sale of products to customers outside the united states, we have become subject to taxation based on the foreign statutory rates in the countries where these sales took place. as sales in foreign jurisdictions increase in the future, our effective tax rate may fluctuate accordingly. we regularly assess the ability to realize deferred tax assets based on the weight of all available evidence, including such factors as the history of recent earnings and expected future taxable income on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis.
summary consolidated statements of operations the following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented (in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2022                                                     2021                      2020
net revenues                                                                     $2,330,853                      $1,382,049                   $774,425
cost of revenues                                                                  1,356,258                         827,627                    428,444
gross profit                                                                        974,595                         554,422                    345,981
operating expenses:
research and development                                                            168,846                         105,526                     55,921
sales and marketing                                                                 215,102                         128,974                     52,927
general and administrative                                                          140,002                         104,090                     50,694
restructuring charges                                                                 2,384                               -                          -
total operating expenses                                                            526,334                         338,590                    159,542
income from operations                                                              448,261                         215,832                    186,439
other income (expense), net interest income                                                                      13,656                             695                      2,156
interest expense                                                                    (9,438)                        (45,152)                   (21,001)
other (expense) income, net                                                           (431)                           6,050                      (799)
loss on partial settlement of convertible notes                                           -                        (56,497)                    (3,037)
change in fair value of derivatives                                                       -                               -                   (44,348)
total other income (expense), net                                                     3,787                        (94,904)                   (67,029)
income before income taxes                                                          452,048                         120,928                    119,410
income tax benefit (provision)                                                     (54,686)                          24,521                     14,585
net income                                                                         $397,362                        $145,449                   $133,995

table of contents results of operations net revenues years ended december 31,                              change in
2022                         2021                                        $                             %
(in thousands, except percentages)
net revenues                                                               $2,330,853                      $1,382,049                      $948,804          69                  %
net revenues increased by 69%, or $948.8 million, for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, driven primarily by a 47% increase in microinverter units volume shipped and a 103% increase in enphase iq battery megawatt-hour ("mwh") shipped. for the year ended december 31, 2022, consumer demand increased and component supply improved as we sold approximately 15.4 million microinverter units, as compared to approximately 10.4 million units for the year ended december 31, 2021. for the year ended december 31, 2022, we also increased shipments of our enphase iq batteries to customers in the united states and europe to 508.5 mwh as compared to 251.0 mwh shipped in the same period in 2021. the average selling price of our microinverter products increased by 11% for the year ended december 31, 2022, which resulted in approximately $133.0 million increase in revenue, as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily driven by a favorable product mix as we sold more iq8 microinverters relative to iq7 microinverters for the year ended december 31, 2022, and we increased prices for our product offerings in the second half of 2021 and in 2022 to partially offset the impact of higher logistics costs and component costs from global supply chain pricing pressures.
cost of revenues and gross margin years ended december 31,                                                                    change in
2022                          2021               $                             %
(in thousands, except percentages)
cost of revenues                                                                 $1,356,258                      $827,627                   $528,631          64                  %
gross profit                                                                        974,595                       554,422                   420,173           76                  %
gross margin                                                                           41.8   %                      40.1   %
cost of revenues increased by 64%, or $528.6 million, for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to higher volume of microinverter units sold, higher enphase iq battery mwh shipped, and higher shipping and warranty costs associated with the higher volume of sales globally. the increase was also due to $6.3 million higher amortization of developed technology and $5.7 million higher stock-based compensation.
gross margin increased by 1.7 percentage points for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. the increase was primarily due to an increase in average selling prices driven by a favorable product mix, as we sold more iq8 microinverters relative to iq7 microinverters for the year ended december 31, 2022, and price increases to our products in the second half of 2021 and in 2022, as well as cost management efforts such as reduction of freight costs. this increase was partially offset by unfavorable impact of 1.5 percentage points from currency fluctuations in the euro relative to the u.s. dollar when we convert the current year euro denominated revenue into the u.s. dollar using the comparable prior period's average currency exchange rate and 0.3 percentage points from higher amortization of developed technology and 0.2 percentage points from higher stock-based compensation.

table of contents research and development years ended december 31,                                                                  change in
2022                          2021               $                           %
(in thousands, except percentages)
research and development                                                                  $168,846                      $105,526                   $63,320         60                  %
percentage of net revenues                                                                       7   %                         8   %
research and development expense increased by 60%, or $63.3 million, for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. the increase was primarily due to $55.1 million of higher personnel-related expenses and $8.2 million of equipment expense associated with our investment in the development, introduction and qualification of new product innovation. the increase in personnel-related expenses was primarily due to a 51% growth in headcount from hiring and retention programs for employees in new zealand, india and the united states, which increased total compensation costs, including stock-based compensation. the amount of research and development expenses may fluctuate from period to period due to the differing levels and stages of development activity for our products.
sales and marketing years ended december 31,                                                                  change in
2022                          2021               $                           %
(in thousands, except percentages)
sales and marketing                                                                       $215,102                      $128,974                   $86,128         67                  %
percentage of net revenues                                                                       9   %                         9   %
sales and marketing expense increased by 67%, or $86.1 million, for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. the increase was primarily due to $81.1 million of higher personnel-related expenses from a 90% growth in headcount as a result of our efforts to improve customer experience, to provide 24/7 support along with a field service desk for installers and enphase system owners globally, and to support our business growth in the united states and international expansion in europe. in addition, annual retention programs for employees also resulted in the increase in total compensation costs, including stock-based compensation. the increase in sales and marketing expense for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, was also attributable to $8.9 million of higher amortization costs related to intangible assets acquired through business combinations and $8.4 million of higher professional services and facility costs to support our business growth. this increase was partially offset by a decrease of $12.3 million in the advertising costs and marketing expenses.
general and administrative years ended december 31,                                                                  change in
2022                          2021               $                           %
(in thousands, except percentages)
general and administrative                                                                $140,002                      $104,090                   $35,912         35                  %
percentage of net revenues                                                                       6   %                         8   %
general and administrative expense increased by 35%, or $35.9 million, for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. the increase was primarily due to $23.5 million of higher personnel-related expenses from a 33% growth in headcount increasing total compensation costs, including stock-based compensation and post business combination employment-related expense, $7.7 million of investments in technological infrastructure and other operational and facilities costs to support scalability of our business growth, and $4.7 million of higher legal and professional services.

table of contents restructuring charges years ended december 31,                              change in
2022                     2021                                $                           %
(in thousands, except percentages)
restructuring charges                                                               $2,384                      $-                      $2,384                      **
**    not meaningful during the year ended december 31, 2022, we implemented restructuring actions to reorganize our global workforce, consolidate facilities and eliminate non-core projects. we expect to complete our restructuring activities in 2023. restructuring charges for the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily included $2.4 million of one-time termination benefits and other employee-related expenses and impairment of property and equipment, net. we had no restructuring charges for the year ended december 31, 2021.
other income (expense), net years ended december 31,                                                                change in
2022                     2021                                                              $             %
(in thousands, except percentages)
interest income                                                                                               $13,656                          $695                     $12,961                     1,865   %
interest expense                                                                                              (9,438)                      (45,152)                      35,714                      (79)   %
other (expense) income, net                                                                                     (431)                         6,050                     (6,481)                     (107)   %
loss on partial settlement of convertible notes                                                                     -                      (56,497)                      56,497                            **
total other income (expense), net                                                                              $3,787                     $(94,904)                     $98,691                     (104)   %
**    not meaningful interest income of $13.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased, as compared to $0.7 million in the same period in 2021, primarily due to an increase in interest rates and a higher average cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021.
cash interest expense cash interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled $1.2 million and $0.7 million, respectively. cash interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily included $1.0 million in interest incurred with the notes due 2025 and notes due 2023, $0.1 million of bank charges and $0.1 million accretion of interest expense on contingent consideration for an acquisition. cash interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2021 primarily included $0.5 million in coupon interest incurred with the notes due 2025, notes due 2024 and notes due 2023 and $0.2 million accretion of interest expense on contingent consideration for an acquisition.
non-cash interest expense non-cash interest expense of $8.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily related to $8.2 million for the debt discount amortization with the notes due 2025 and amortization of debt issuance costs with the notes due 2023, notes due 2025, notes due 2026 and notes due 2028. non-cash interest expense of $44.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 primarily relates to $44.3 million for the debt discount and amortization of debt issuance costs with the notes due 2024, notes due 2025, notes due 2026 and notes due 2028 and less than $0.1 million related to the amortization of debt issuance costs associated with the notes due 2023.
other expense, net of $0.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily related to $0.9 million net loss due to foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities and a $0.3 million impairment of a note receivable, partially offset by a $0.7 million non-cash net gain related to a change in the fair value of debt securities and $0.1 million in interest income. other income, net of $6.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 primarily related to a $6.6 million cash gain related to a settlement of debt securities and a $3.0 million non-cash gain related to a change in the fair value of debt securities, partially offset by a $3.5 million net loss related to a foreign currency exchange and remeasurement.

table of contents loss on partial settlement of convertible notes recorded for the year ended december 31, 2021 primarily related to the $37.5 million non-cash inducement loss incurred on the repurchase of the notes due 2025, $9.5 million non-cash loss on the partial settlement of $217.8 million aggregate principal amount of the notes due 2025 and $9.6 million non-cash loss on the partial settlement of $88.1 million aggregate principal amount of the notes due 2024. we did not have any such loss in the year ended december 31, 2022.
income tax benefit (provision)
years ended december 31,                              change in
2022                       2021                                    $                             %
(in thousands, except percentages)
income tax benefit (provision)                                                               $(54,686)                     $24,521                     $(79,207)                     (323)     %
the income tax provision of $54.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 was primarily related to higher tax expense in the united states and foreign jurisdictions that are more profitable in 2022, partially offset by the tax deduction from employee stock-based compensation.
the income tax benefit of $24.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily related to a higher tax deduction from employee stock-based compensation, partially offset by a higher tax expense in foreign jurisdictions that were profitable in 2021.
liquidity and capital resources sources of liquidity as of december 31, 2022, we had $1,626.1 million in net working capital, including cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $1,612.8 million, of which approximately $1,578.3 million were held in the united states. our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities primarily consist of u.s. treasuries, money market mutual funds, corporate notes and bonds and both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits, with the remainder held in various foreign subsidiaries. we consider amounts held outside the united states to be accessible and have provided for the estimated u.s. income tax liability associated with our foreign earnings.
years ended december 31,                                                                      change in
2022                         2021                                        $                             %
(in thousands, except percentages)
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities                                                                  $1,612,843                      $1,016,651                   $596,192          59                  %
total debt                                                                                                        $1,290,357                      $1,037,646                   $252,711          24                  %
our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities increased by $596.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to cash generated from operations, partially offset by cash used to fund acquisitions, make investments in private companies, and make payments of withholding taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards.
total carrying amount of debt increased by $252.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to adoption of asu 2020-06 as of january 1, 2022, partially offset by repayment of the notes due 2024 and partial repayment of the notes due 2025.
we had net operating loss carryforwards for california income tax purposes of approximately $10.4 million, as well as federal tax credit carryforwards and state research credit carryforwards of approximately $7.0 million and $18.0 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2022. we have utilized all of our federal net operating loss carryforwards and expect our cash paid for taxes in the united states will substantially increase in 2023.

table of contents depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing.
repurchase of common stock. in may 2021, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program (the "2021 repurchase program") pursuant to which we may repurchase up to an additional $500.0 million of our common stock. the repurchases will be funded from available working capital and may be executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through rule 10b5-1 plans. such purchases are expected to continue through may 2024 unless otherwise extended or shortened by our board of directors. as of december 31, 2022, we have approximately $200.0 million remaining for repurchase of shares under the 2021 repurchase program. the ira enacted in august 2022 includes a 1% excise tax on corporate stock repurchases in tax years beginning after december 31, 2022; in consideration of any further stock repurchases, we intend to evaluate the impact of the ira's 1% excise tax on corporate stock repurchases in tax years beginning after december 31, 2022.
convertible notes. in august 2018, we issued $65.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.0% notes due 2023 of which $5.0 million aggregate principal amount remained outstanding as of december 31, 2022. the notes due 2023 mature on august 1, 2023 with interest payable semi-annually on february 1 and august 1 of each year. in march 2020, we issued $320.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0.25% notes due 2025 of which $102.2 million remained outstanding as of december 31, 2022. the notes due 2025 mature on march 1, 2025 with interest payable semi-annually on march 1 and september 1 of each year. in march 2021, we issued $632.5 million and $575.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 0% notes due 2026 and 0% notes due 2028, respectively. upon conversion of the notes due 2025, notes due 2026 and notes due 2028, we will pay cash equal to the aggregate principal amount of the notes of such series to be converted, and, at our election, will pay or deliver cash and/or shares of our common stock for the amount of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the notes of such series. the sale price condition for the notes due 2025 was met during the quarter ended december 31, 2022, and, as a result, holders may convert their notes due 2025 at any time during the quarter ending march 31, 2023. if all of the holders of the notes due 2025 converted their notes due 2025 during this period, we would be obligated to settle the $102.2 million principal amount of the notes due 2025 due in cash. we believe that our cash provided by operating activities, our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs should the holders choose to convert their notes due 2025 during the quarter ending march 31, 2023 or upon settlement of the notes due 2023 on its maturity on august 1, 2023. as of december 31, 2022, substantially all of our notes remained outstanding. refer to note 12. "debt," in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information on our outstanding notes.
operating leases. we have entered into various non-cancelable operating leases primarily for our facilities with original lease periods expiring through the year 2032, with the most significant leases relating to our offices in petaluma, california and bengaluru, india. as of december 31, 2022, we have total operating lease obligations of $29.0 million recorded on our consolidated balance sheet.
other material cash requirements. as of december 31, 2022, we have open purchase obligations of $589.3 million related to component inventory that our primary contract manufacturers procure on our behalf in accordance with our production forecast as well as other inventory related purchase commitments. the timing of purchases in future periods could differ materially from estimates presented above due to fluctuations in demand requirements related to varying sales levels as well as changes in economic conditions.
cash flows. the following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented:
years ended december 31,
2022                                                                          2021                            2020
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities                      $744,817                        $352,028                      $216,334
net cash used in investing activities                         (371,906)                     (1,219,547)                      (25,568)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities            (17,126)                         309,411                       191,678
effect of exchange rate changes on cash                         (1,857)                         (1,955)       826
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents           $353,928                      $(560,063)                      $383,270

table of contents cash from operations could be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the continued effects of covid-19, the ongoing conflict in ukraine, new regulations and other risk factors discussed in part i, item ia, risk factors of this annual report on form 10-k. we believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future, including our ability to make payments on our outstanding debt.
our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products, the costs to acquire or invest in complementary businesses and technologies, the costs to ensure access to adequate manufacturing capacity, the continuing market acceptance of our products and macroeconomic events, such as the impacts from the covid-19 pandemic, inflation, increase in interest rates and the ongoing conflict in ukraine. we may also choose to seek additional equity or debt financing. in the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. if we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected.
cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities consisted of our net income adjusted for certain non-cash reconciling items, such as stock-based compensation expense, non-cash interest expense, change in the fair value of debt securities, deferred income taxes, depreciation and amortization, asset impairment, and changes in our operating assets and liabilities. net cash provided by operating activities increased by $392.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to an increase in our gross profit as a result of increased revenue, partially offset by higher operating expenses as we continue to invest in the long-term growth of our business.
cash flows from investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities of $371.9 million was primarily from the purchase of $907.4 million of marketable securities, $62.2 million net cash used to acquire greencom, solarleadfactory and clippercreek, $46.4 million used in purchases of test and assembly equipment to expand our supply capacity, related facility improvements and information technology enhancements, including capitalized costs related to internal-use software and $16.0 million used to invest in private companies, partially offset by $660.1 million sale and maturities of marketable securities.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities of $1,219.5 million was primarily from the purchase of $935.0 million of marketable securities, $58.0 million from the investment in a debt security, $235.7 million, net cash used to acquire clippercreek, 365 pronto, sofdesk and din engineer service llp's solar design services business, and $52.3 million used in purchases of test and assembly equipment to expand our supply capacity, related facility improvements and information technology enhancements, including capitalized costs related to internal-use software, partially offset by approximately $35.0 million maturities of marketable securities and $26.6 million of settlement of our investment in a private company.
cash flows from financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2022, net cash used by financing activities of approximately $17.1 million was primarily from the payment of $27.5 million in employee withholding taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards, partially offset by $10.4 million net proceeds from employee stock option exercises and purchases under our employee stock purchase plan.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities of approximately $309.4 million was primarily from $1,188.4 million in net proceeds from the issuance of the notes due 2028 and notes due 2026, $220.8 million from the sale of warrants related to the notes due 2028 and notes due 2026 and approximately $7.5 million in net proceeds from employee stock option exercises, partially offset by $286.2 million purchase of convertible note hedge related to the notes due 2028 and notes due 2026, $290.2 million cash paid to settle both $88.1 million in aggregate principal amount of the notes due 2024 and $217.8 million in aggregate principal amount of the notes due 2025, $500.0 million paid to repurchase shares of our common stock under our repurchase programs approved by our board of directors, the payment of $29.1 million in employee withholding taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards, and $1.7 million of repayment on the sale of long-term financing receivables.

table of contents critical accounting estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related notes requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of acquired intangible assets and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. the sec has defined a company's critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require a company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments. based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below.
we have based our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates due to risks and uncertainties, including uncertainty in the current economic environment due to the global impact of covid-19 and the conflict in ukraine. as of the date of issuance of these financial statements, we are not aware of any specific event or circumstance that would require us to update our estimates, judgments or revise the carrying value of our assets or liabilities. for a description of our significant accounting policies, see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. an accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements. we believe the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition we generate revenue from sales of our solutions, which include microinverter units and related accessories, an iq gateway, the cloud-based enlighten monitoring service, storage solutions, ev charging solutions, design, proposal, permitting and lead generation services, as well as a platform matching cleantech asset owners to a local and on-demand workforce of service providers, to distributors, large installers, oems and strategic partners.
revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services are transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. we generate all of our revenues from contracts with our customers. a description of principal activities from which we generate revenues are follows.
•products delivered at a point in time. we sell our products and professional services to customers in accordance with the terms of the related customer contracts. we generate revenues from sales of our solutions, which include microinverter units and related accessories, storage solutions, ev charging solutions, design, proposal, permitting and lead generation services, as well as a platform matching cleantech asset owners to a local and on-demand workforce of service providers to distributors, large installers, oems and strategic partners. microinverter units, microinverter accessories, storage and ev solutions, design proposal, permitting and lead generation services, as well as completed work orders on our platform matching cleantech asset owners to a local and on-demand workforce of service providers, are delivered to customers at a point in time, and we recognize revenue for these products or professional services when we transfer control of the product or professional services to the customer, which is generally upon product shipment or service delivery, respectively.
•products delivered over time. the sale of an iq gateway includes our enlighten cloud-based monitoring service. the full consideration for these products represents a single performance obligation and is deferred at the sale date and recognized over the estimated service period of 6.5 years. we also sell certain communication accessories that contain a service performance obligation to be delivered over time. the revenue from these products is recognized over the related service period, which is typically 5 or 12 years. the subscription services revenue generated from each customer's subscription to our design and proposal service is recognized on a ratable basis over the contract term beginning on the date that our service is made available to the customer. the subscription contracts are generally 3 to 12 months in length and billed in advance.

table of contents when we sell a product with more than one performance obligation, such as our iq combiner, which includes both hardware and the iq gateway, the total consideration is allocated to these performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices.
we record certain contra revenue promotions as variable consideration and recognize these promotions at the time the related revenue is recorded.
we record upfront contract acquisition costs, such as sales commissions, to be capitalized and amortized over the estimated life of the asset. for contracts that have a duration of less than one year, we follow the topic 606 practical expedient and expense these costs when incurred. commissions related to the sale of monitoring hardware and services are capitalized and amortized over the period of the associated revenue.
refer to note 3. "revenue recognition," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information related to revenue recognition.
inventory inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market. market is current replacement cost (by purchase or by reproduction, dependent on the type of inventory). in cases where market exceeds net realizable value (i.e., estimated selling price less reasonably predictable costs of completion and disposal), inventories are stated at net realizable value. market is not considered to be less than net realizable value reduced by an allowance for an approximately normal profit margin. we determine cost on a first-in first-out basis. certain factors could affect the realizable value of its inventory, including customer demand and market conditions. management assesses the valuation on a quarterly basis and writes down the value for any excess and obsolete inventory based upon expected demand, anticipated sales price, effect of new product introductions, product obsolescence, customer concentrations, product merchantability and other factors. inventory write-downs are equal to the difference between the cost of inventories and market.
fair value of financial instruments the fair value of a financial instrument is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. the carrying amounts of our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments. equity investments with readily determinable fair value are carried at fair value based on quoted market prices or estimated based on market conditions and risks existing at each balance sheet date. equity investments without readily determinable fair value are measured at cost less impairment, and are adjusted for observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer.
convertible note derivatives in march 2020, we issued $320.0 million aggregate principal amount of the notes due 2025. concurrently with the issuance of the notes due 2025, we entered into privately-negotiated convertible note hedge and warrant transactions which in combination are intended to reduce the potential dilution from the conversion of the notes due 2025. we could not elect to issue the shares of common stock upon settlement of the notes due 2025 or convertible note hedge or warrant transactions due to insufficient authorized share capital. as a result, the embedded conversion option and warrants were accounted for as a derivative liabilities and convertible notes hedge as derivative asset and a gain (or loss) was reported in other expense, net in our consolidated statement of operations to the extent the valuation changed from the date of issuance of the notes due 2025. on may 20, 2020, at our annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholders approved an amendment to its certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of our common stock. as a result, we are now able to settle the notes due 2025, convertible notes hedge and warrants through payment or delivery, as the case may be, of cash, shares of its common stock or a combination thereof, at our election. accordingly, on may 20, 2020, the embedded derivative liability, convertible notes hedge and warrants liability were remeasured at a fair value and were then reclassified to additional paid-in-capital in our condensed consolidated balance sheet in the second quarter of 2020 and are no longer remeasured as long as they continue to meet the conditions for equity classification. as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, we do not have any convertible note derivatives. refer to note 12. "debt," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.

table of contents warranty obligations our warranty accrual provides for the replacement of microinverter units, ac battery storage solutions and iq gateway that fail during the product's warranty term. the warranty term related to microinverter units is 15 years for first and second generation microinverters and up to 25 years for subsequent generation microinverters. the warranty term for ac battery storage solutions and iq gateway is 10 years and 5 years, respectively. on a quarterly basis, we employ a consistent, systematic and rational methodology to assess the adequacy of our warranty liability. this assessment includes updating all key estimates and assumptions for each generation of product, based on historical results, trends and the most current data available as of the filing date. the key estimates and assumptions used in the warranty liability are thoroughly reviewed by management on a quarterly basis. the key estimates used by us to estimate our warranty liability are: (1) the number of units expected to fail and returned for replacement over time (i.e., return rate); and (2) the per unit cost of replacement units, including outbound shipping and limited labor costs, expected to be incurred to replace failed units over time (i.e., replacement cost).
estimated return rates - our quality and reliability department has primary responsibility to determine the estimated return rates for each generation of product. to establish initial return rate estimates for each generation of product, our quality engineers use a combination of industry standard mean time between failure estimates for individual components contained in that generation of product, third-party data collected on similar equipment deployed in outdoor environments similar to those in which our product are installed, and rigorous long term reliability and accelerated life cycle testing which simulates the service life of the product in a short period of time. as units are deployed into operating environments, we continue to monitor product performance through our enlighten monitoring platform. it typically takes three to nine months between the date of sale and date of end-user installation. consequently, our ability to monitor actual failures of units sold similarly lags by three to nine months. when a product fails and is returned, we perform diagnostic root cause failure analysis to understand and isolate the underlying mechanism(s) causing the failure. we then use the results of this analysis (combined with the actual, cumulative performance data collected on those units prior to failure through enlighten) to draw conclusions with respect to how or if the identified failure mechanism(s) will impact the remaining units deployed in the installed base.
as the vast majority of our microinverters have been sold to end users for residential applications, we believe that warranty return rates will be affected by changes over time in residential home ownership because we expect that subsequent homeowners are less likely to file return than the homeowners who originally purchase the microinverters.
estimated replacement costs - three factors are considered in our analysis of estimated replacement cost: (1) the estimated cost of replacement products; (2) the estimated cost to ship replacement products to end users; and (3) the estimated labor reimbursement expected to be paid to third-party installers performing replacement services for the end user. because our warranty provides for the replacement of defective products over long periods of time (typically between 5 to 25 years, depending on the product and the generation of that product purchased), the estimated per unit cost of current and future product generations is considered in the estimated replacement cost. estimated costs to ship replacement units are based on observable, market-based shipping costs paid by us to third-party freight carriers. we have a separate program that allows third-party installers to claim fixed-dollar reimbursements for labor costs they incur to replace failed units for a limited time from the date of original installation. included in our estimated replacement cost is an analysis of the number of fixed-dollar labor reimbursements expected to be claimed by third-party installers over the limited offering period.
in addition to the key estimates noted above, we also compare actual warranty results to expected results and evaluate any significant differences. we may make additional adjustments to the warranty provision based on performance trends or other qualitative factors. if actual return rates, or replacement costs differ from our estimates in future periods, changes to these estimates may be required, resulting in increases or decreases in our warranty obligations. such increases or decreases could be material.
fair value option for microinverters and other products sold since january 1, 2014
our warranty obligations related to products sold since january 1, 2014 provide us the right, but not the requirement, to assign our warranty obligations to a third party. under accounting standards codification 825, "financial instruments" (also referred to as the "fair value option"), an entity may choose to elect the fair value option for such warranties at the time it first recognizes the eligible item. we made an irrevocable election to account for all eligible warranty obligations associated with products sold since january 1, 2014 at fair value. this election was made to reflect the underlying economics of the time value of money for an obligation that will be settled over an extended period of up to 25 years.

table of contents we estimate the fair value of warranty obligations by calculating the warranty obligations in the same manner as for sales prior to january 1, 2014 and applying an expected present value technique to that result. the expected present value technique, an income approach, converts future amounts into a single current discounted amount. in addition to the key estimates of return rates, and replacement costs, we used certain inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. such additional assumptions included compensation comprised of a profit element and risk premium required of a market participant to assume the obligation and a discount rate based on our credit-adjusted risk-free rate. refer to note 11. "fair value measurements," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
commitments and contingencies in the normal course of business, we are subject to loss contingencies and loss recoveries, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business as well as tariff refunds. an accrual for a loss contingency or loss recovery is recognized when it is probable and the amount of loss or recovery can be reasonably estimated. refer to note 13. "commitments and contingencies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
business combinations assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part of a business acquisition are generally recorded at their fair value at the date of acquisition. the excess of purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. determining fair value of identifiable assets, particularly intangibles, and liabilities acquired also requires the company to make estimates, which are based on all available information and in some cases assumptions with respect to the timing and amount of future revenues and expenses associated with an asset. accounting for business acquisitions requires the company to make judgments as to whether a purchase transaction is a multiple element contract, meaning that it includes other transaction components. this judgment and determination affect the amount of consideration paid that is allocable to assets and liabilities acquired in the business purchase transaction.
intangible assets intangible assets include patents and other purchased intangible assets. intangible assets with finite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis, with estimated useful lives ranging from 5 to 9 years. indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and are also tested for impairment between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that the carrying amount may be impaired. intangible assets with finite lives are tested for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (asset group) may not be recoverable. an impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the estimated undiscounted cash flows used in determining the fair value of the asset. the amount of the impairment loss to be recorded is calculated by the excess of the asset's carrying value over its fair value. fair value is generally determined using a discounted cash flow analysis. there was no impairment of intangible assets in any of the years presented.
income taxes we record income taxes using the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and amounts recognized for income tax purposes. in estimating future tax consequences, generally all expected future events other than enactments or changes in the tax law or rates are considered. valuation allowances are provided when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
we assess the realizability of the deferred tax assets to determine release of valuation allowance as necessary. in the event we determine that it is more likely than not that we would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of our net recorded amount, an adjustment to the valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset would increase income in the period such determination was made. likewise, should it be determined that additional amounts of the net deferred tax asset will not be realized in the future, an adjustment to increase the deferred tax asset valuation allowance will be charged to income in the period such determination is made.

table of contents we operate in various tax jurisdictions and are subject to audit by various tax authorities. we follow accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, which requires that the tax effects of a position be recognized only if it is "more likely than not" to be sustained based solely on its technical merits as of the reporting date. we consider many factors when evaluating and estimating its tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes.
