item 1a. risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. listed below, not necessarily in order of importance or probability of occurrence, are the most significant risk factors applicable to us. additionally, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. see "forward-looking statements."
risks related to geopolitical events instability in geographies where we have significant operations and personnel or where we derive substantial amounts of revenue could have a material adverse effect on our business, customers, service delivery, and financial results.
we have significant operations and personnel in ukraine and belarus, and continue to wind down our operations in russia. conflict in the region has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, customers, service delivery, and financial results.
economic, civil, military, energy supply and political uncertainty exists and may increase in many of the regions where we operate and derive our revenues. in particular, as of december 31, 2022, approximately 15,000 of our global delivery, administrative and support personnel were based in ukraine and belarus, both of which are involved in or affected by the military action in ukraine. we also have significant operations in countries bordering ukraine and in countries allied with russia in the nearby emerging market economies of eastern europe and central asia, which currently are, and in the future may be, adversely impacted by regional instability.
on february 24, 2022, russian military forces attacked ukraine, and sustained conflict and disruption in the region is ongoing. in addition to a significant number of personnel and operations in ukraine, we also own an office building and lease office space in a number of cities in ukraine, all or some of which may be damaged or destroyed as a result of the continued attacks against ukraine. any escalation of the conflict that includes belarus or its military could jeopardize our personnel, facilities, and operations in belarus. the impact to ukraine, as well as actions taken by other countries, including arms shipments and new and stricter sanctions by canada, the united kingdom, the european union and its member countries, the u.s. and other countries and organizations against officials, individuals, regions, and industries in russia, the annexed portions of ukraine, and belarus, and each country's potential response to such shipments, sanctions, tensions, and military actions has and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our operations. in order to protect against potential cyberattacks or other information security threats, some of our customers have implemented steps to block internet communications with russia, ukraine, and belarus, which has had a material adverse effect on our ability to deliver our services from those locations. our customers have and may continue to seek altered terms, conditions, and delivery locations for the performance of services, delay planned work or seek services from alternate providers, or suspend, terminate, fail to renew, or reduce existing contracts or services, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. the material adverse effects from the conflict, enhanced sanctions activity, and counter-sanctions may continue to disrupt our delivery of services, has caused us to shift portions of our work occurring in the region to other countries, and may continue to restrict our ability to engage in certain projects or with certain customers in the region.
9
table of contents we discontinued services to certain customers located in russia and we hope to complete the sale of substantially all of our holdings in russia as soon as feasible, subject to customary closing conditions including regulatory approval. the completion of the sale of substantially all of our russian holdings is not assured and we could incur additional significant charges in the future related to the exit or effort to exit our operations in russia. we expect to continue operating in belarus. a significant number of our employees in russia and belarus have relocated, and we expect more employees may relocate to delivery locations outside their countries in the future.
epam is actively monitoring and enhancing the security of our people and the stability of our infrastructure, including communications, physical assets, energy supply, and internet availability. we continue to execute our business continuity plans in response to developments as they occur and to protect the safety of our personnel and address potential impacts to our delivery infrastructure. to date we have not experienced any material interruptions in our infrastructure, utility supply or internet connectivity needed to support our customers. we have implemented additional contingency plans to relocate work and/or personnel to other geographies within our global footprint and add new locations, as appropriate. increased operations, service delivery, and hiring in existing or new geographies, including in more developed economies, is likely to increase our expenses, especially compensation expenses for technology professionals in those markets, which could reduce the profitability of our business.
our business continuity plans are designed to address known contingency scenarios to ensure that we have adequate processes and practices in place to protect the safety of our people and to handle potential impacts to our delivery capabilities. our crisis management procedures, business continuity plans, and disaster recovery capabilities may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of prolonged or multiple crises, such as civil unrest, military conflict, energy instability and a pandemic in a concentrated geographic area or in multiple geographies. the current events in the regions where we operate and where we derive a significant amount of our business pose security risks to our people, our facilities, our operations, and infrastructure, such as utilities and network services, and the further disruption of any or all of them could materially adversely affect our operations and financial results, cause additional volatility in the price of our stock, and reduce our profitability. we have no way to predict the progress or outcome of the military action in ukraine or its impacts in russia, belarus, or the region because the conflict and government reactions are rapidly changing and beyond our control. whether in these countries or in others in which we operate, prolonged civil unrest, political instability or uncertainty, military activities, broad-based sanctions or counter-sanctions, should they continue for the long term or escalate, could require us to further rebalance our geographic concentrations and could have a material adverse effect on our personnel, operations, financial results and business outlook.
risks related to covid-19
our results of operations have been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by the covid-19 pandemic.
the covid-19 pandemic has contributed to significant volatility in the price of our common stock, created uncertainty in customer demand for, and ability to supply, our services and caused widespread economic disruption. the extent to which the coronavirus pandemic will continue to impact our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous factors that are unknown and that we may not be able to accurately predict. those factors include: the impact of the pandemic on economic activity, supply chains, and inflation; any interventions or government measures intended to mitigate economic and supply disruptions; our ability to sell and provide our products, services, and solutions, including as a result of travel restrictions and personnel availability; and bankruptcy or other insolvency procedures among our customers or suppliers. broad disruptions in our customers' markets have disrupted and could continue to disrupt the demand for our products, services, and solutions and result in, among other things, termination of customer contracts, delays or interruptions in the performance of contracts, losses of revenues, reduced profitability, and an increase in bad debt expense. remote working arrangements increase information security, cyber security and connectivity vulnerabilities and new coronavirus variants could affect our ability to deliver services to our customers because of an outbreak of illness among our employees, our customers' employees, or at a facility. to the extent the covid-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section of this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, each of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or stock price.
10
table of contents risks related to our personnel and growth we may be unable to effectively manage our rapid growth or achieve anticipated growth, which could place significant strain on our management, systems, resources, and results of operations.
we have grown rapidly and significantly expanded our businesses over the past several years, both organically and through strategic acquisitions and investments. our growth has resulted in part from managing larger and more complex projects for our customers, but consequently requires that we invest substantial amounts of cash in human capital and the infrastructure to support them, including training, administration, and facilities in existing and new geographies. our rapid growth places significant demands on our management and our administrative, operational and financial infrastructure, and creates challenges, including:
•recruiting, training and retaining sufficiently skilled professionals and management personnel;
•planning resource utilization rates on a consistent basis and efficiently using on-site, off-site and offshore staffing;
•maintaining close and effective relationships with a larger number of customers in a greater number of industries and locations;
•controlling costs and minimizing cost overruns and project delays in delivery center and infrastructure expansion;
•effectively maintaining productivity levels and implementing process improvements across geographies and business units; and
•evolving our information security and our internal administrative, operational and financial infrastructure.
we intend to continue our expansion and pursue available opportunities for the foreseeable future. we have and will continue to invest in new lines of business, such as software development education and expanded consulting services. as we introduce new services, enter into new markets, and take on increasingly large and complex projects, our business may face new risks and challenges. if customers do not choose us for large and complex projects or we do not effectively manage those projects, our reputation may be damaged and our business and financial goals may not be realized. direct-to-consumer offerings in the highly regulated education industry could result in increased liability and compliance costs. we need to generate business and revenues to support new investments and infrastructure projects. if the challenges associated with expansion negatively impact our anticipated growth and margins, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we must successfully attract, hire, train and retain qualified personnel to service our customers' projects and we must productively utilize those personnel to remain profitable.
identifying, recruiting, hiring and retaining professionals with diverse skill sets across our broad geography of operations is critical to maintaining existing engagements and obtaining new business and has become more challenging in the present economic and labor climate. if we are unable to recruit skilled professionals and if we do not deploy those professionals and use our physical infrastructure and fixed-cost resources productively, our profitability will be significantly impacted. we must manage the utilization levels of the professionals that we hire and train by planning for future needs effectively and staffing projects appropriately while accurately predicting the general economy and our customers' need for our services. if we are unable to attract, hire, train, and retain highly skilled personnel and productively deploy them on customer projects, we will jeopardize our ability to meet our customers' expectations and develop ongoing and future business, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
competition for highly skilled professionals has intensified in the markets where we operate, and we may experience significant employee turnover rates due to such competition. higher wage expectations driven by wage inflation could also create challenges for our recruiting efforts. if we are unable to retain professionals with specialized skills, our revenues, operating efficiency and profitability will decrease, as will our ability to meet emerging technological challenges. cost reductions, such as reducing headcount, or voluntary departures that result from our failure to retain the professionals we hire, could negatively affect our reputation as an employer and our ability to hire personnel to meet our business requirements. price increases resulting from increasing compensation to retain personnel could lead to a decline in demand for our services.
11
table of contents there may be adverse tax and employment law consequences if the independent contractor status of some of our personnel or the exempt status of our employees is successfully challenged.
in several countries, certain of our personnel and certain of the personnel of companies that we have acquired are retained as independent contractors. the criteria to determine whether an individual is considered an independent contractor or an employee are typically fact sensitive, vary by jurisdiction, and are subject to the interpretation of the applicable laws. if a government authority changes the applicable laws or a court makes any adverse determination with respect to independent contractors in general or one or more of our independent contractors specifically, we could incur significant costs, including for prior periods, for tax withholding, social security taxes or payments, workers' compensation and unemployment contributions, and recordkeeping, or we may be required to modify our business model, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and increase the difficulty in attracting and retaining personnel.
our success depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our senior executives and other key personnel, and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services.
our future success heavily depends upon the continued services of our senior executives and other key employees. if one or more of our senior executives or key employees are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all. if any of our senior executives or key personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose customers, suppliers, know-how and other key personnel to those competitors. if we are unable to attract new senior executives or key personnel due to the intense competition for talent in our industry, it could disrupt our business operations and growth.
if we fail to integrate or manage acquired companies efficiently and effectively, or if acquisitions do not perform to our expectations, our overall profitability and growth plans could be materially adversely affected.
strategic acquisitions are part of our expansion strategy, but these transactions involve significant risks. acquired companies may not advance our business strategy or achieve a satisfactory return on our investment and we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired employees and business culture, customer relationships, or operations. acquisitions divert significant management attention and financial resources from our ongoing business. furthermore, contracts between our acquired companies and their customers may lack terms and conditions that adequately protect us against the risks associated with the services we provide, and our acquired companies' business operations can expose us to potential liability before integration is complete. if not effectively managed, the disruption of our ongoing business, increases in our expenses, including significant one-time expenses and write-offs, and difficulty and complexity of effectively integrating acquired operations may adversely affect our overall growth and profitability.
risks related to our operations increases in wages, equity compensation, and other compensation expenses could prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage, increase our costs, and result in dilution to our stockholders.
wages for technology professionals in the emerging markets where we have significant operations and delivery centers are lower than comparable wages in more developed countries. however, wages in general, and in the technology industry in these countries in particular, have increased at a faster rate than in the past, which may make us less competitive unless we are able to increase the efficiency and productivity of our people. if we increase operations and hiring in more developed economies, our compensation expenses will increase because of the higher wages demanded by technology professionals in those markets. wage inflation, whether driven by competition for talent, ordinary course pay increases, or broader market forces, may also increase our cost of providing services and reduce our profitability if we are not able to pass those costs on to our customers or adjust prices when justified by market demand.
we expect to continue our practice of granting equity-based awards under our stock incentive plans and paying other stock-based compensation. the expenses associated with stock-based compensation may make issuing equity awards under our equity incentive plans less attractive to us, but if we reduce the amount or value of equity award grants, we may not be able to attract and retain key personnel. conversely, if we grant more or higher value equity awards to attract and retain key personnel, the equity compensation expenses could materially adversely affect our results of operations. new regulations, volatility in our stock, and dilution to our stockholders could diminish our use and the value of our equity-based awards. this could put us at a competitive disadvantage or cause us to reconsider our compensation practices.
12
table of contents our operations in emerging markets subject us to greater economic, financial, and banking risks than we would face in more developed markets.
our significant operations in emerging market economies in eastern europe, latin and south america, india, and certain other asian countries are vulnerable to market and economic volatility to a greater extent than more developed markets, which presents risks to our business and operations. a majority of our revenues are generated in north america and western europe. however, most of our personnel and delivery centers are located in lower cost locations, including emerging markets. this exposes us to foreign exchange risks relating to revenues, compensation, purchases, capital expenditures, receivables and other balance-sheet items. as we continue to leverage and expand our global delivery model into other emerging markets, a larger portion of our revenues and incurred expenses may be in currencies other than u.s. dollars. currency exchange volatility caused by economic instability or other factors could materially impact our results. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
the economies of certain emerging market countries where we operate have experienced periods of considerable instability and have been subject to abrupt downturns. we have cash in banks in countries such as belarus, russia, ukraine, kazakhstan, georgia, armenia and uzbekistan, where the banking sector generally does not meet the banking standards of more developed markets, bank deposits made by corporate entities are not insured, and the banking system remains subject to instability and changes in regulations that complicate business transactions. russia's invasion of ukraine and the resulting sanctions and counter-sanctions against russia have increased the difficulty in accessing cash held in russian banks, severely limited our ability to move funds out of russia, and prolonged or escalating military conflict and further sanctions or counter-sanctions could contribute to a banking crisis in these countries and in belarus. a banking crisis, or the bankruptcy or insolvency of banks that receive or hold our funds may result in the loss of our deposits or adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to complete banking transactions in that region. in addition, some countries where we operate may impose regulatory or practical restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign currencies within their banking systems, which would limit our ability to use cash across our global operations and increase our exposure to currency fluctuations. emerging market vulnerability, and especially its impact on currency exchange volatility and banking systems, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we face intense and increasing competition for customers and opportunities from onshore and offshore it services and other consulting companies. if we are unable to compete successfully against competitors, pricing pressures or loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the market for our services is highly competitive, and we expect competition to persist and intensify. we face competition from offshore it services providers in other outsourcing destinations with low wage costs such as india and china, as well as competition from large, global consulting and outsourcing firms and in-house it departments of large corporations. customers tend to engage multiple it services providers instead of using an exclusive it services provider, which could reduce our revenues or place significant downward pressure on pricing among competing it services providers. customers may prefer service providers that have more locations, more personnel, more experience in a particular country or market, or that are based in countries that are more cost-competitive or have the perception of being more stable than some of the emerging markets in which we operate.
current or prospective customers may elect to perform certain services themselves or may be discouraged from transferring services from onshore to offshore service providers, which could harm our ability to compete effectively with competitors that provide services from within the countries in which our customers operate.
some of our present and potential competitors may have substantially greater financial, marketing or technical resources; therefore, we may be unable to retain our customers or successfully attract new customers. increased competition, our inability to compete successfully, pricing pressures or loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business.
13
table of contents complying with a wide variety of legal requirements in the jurisdictions where we operate can create risks to our operations and financial condition, including liquidation of the subsidiaries that operate our major delivery centers.
our global operations require us to comply with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, trade or foreign exchange restrictions or sanctions, inflation, unstable civil, political and military situations, labor issues, and legal systems that make it more difficult to enforce intellectual property, contractual, or corporate rights. certain legal provisions in belarus and ukraine, where our local subsidiaries operate important delivery centers and employ a significant number of billable and support professionals, may allow a court to order liquidation of a locally organized legal entity on the basis of its formal noncompliance with certain requirements during formation, reorganization or during its operations. russia, where we are currently winding down our business operations, has similar legal provisions and additional restrictions on sales of assets and repatriation of cash. belarus recently authorized government seizures of property and assets or the takeover of management of commercial organizations owned by or affiliated with specified foreign states if those states or their affiliated companies or actors commit actions deemed unfriendly to belarus. if we fail to comply with certain requirements, including those relating to minimum net assets, governmental or local authorities can impose fines or seek the involuntary liquidation of our local subsidiaries in court, and creditors will have the right to accelerate their claims, demand early performance of legal obligations, and demand compensation for any damages. involuntary liquidation of any of our subsidiaries could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
the focus on environmental, social and governance topics, including commitments and disclosures we have made and may need to make, may result in additional operational costs and negative reputational impacts.
customer, investor, employee, and regulatory interest in environmental, social, and governance ("esg") strategy and commitments has grown and is expected to continue to grow. as investor policy, regulations, and legislation related to esg disclosure and climate change initiatives are adopted and implemented regionally and globally, we may be required to comply or potentially face limited access to certain markets, fines, or reputational injury. such policies and laws may require disclosures and commitments that we are not able to meet, and regulations, treaties or initiatives in response to climate change could result in increased operational costs associated with environmental regulations and increased compliance and energy costs, each of which could harm our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter our operations. additionally, if we are unable to meet our esg goals and objectives, we may suffer reputational harm with investors, our customers, and current or potential employees.
our operating results may be negatively impacted by the loss of certain tax benefits provided to companies in our industry by the governments of belarus and other countries.
in belarus, one local subsidiary is a member, along with other technology companies, of high-technologies park. members have a full exemption from belarus income tax and value added tax until 2049 and are taxed at reduced amounts on obligatory social contributions and a variety of other taxes. if the tax policies in belarus or other countries where we operate are changed, terminated, not extended or comparable new tax incentives are not introduced, we expect that our operating expenses and/or our effective income tax rate could increase significantly, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - provision for income taxes."
risks related to regulation and legislation existing policy and substantial changes to fiscal, political, regulatory and other federal policies may adversely affect our business and financial results.
changes in general economic or political conditions in the united states, including a recession or a sovereign debt default, could adversely affect our business. u.s. policy with respect to a variety of issues, including international trade agreements, conducting business offshore, inflation mitigation, import and export regulations, tariffs and customs duties, foreign relations, immigration laws and travel restrictions, antitrust controls and enforcement, and corporate governance laws, could have a positive or negative impact on our business.
the majority of our professionals are offshore. companies that outsource services to organizations operating in other countries remains a topic of political discussion in many countries, including the united states, which is our largest source of revenues. the united states congress periodically proposes legislation that could impose restrictions on offshore outsourcing and on our ability to deploy employees holding u.s. work visas to customer locations, both of which could adversely impact our business. such legislative measures could broaden restrictions on outsourcing by federal and state government agencies and contracts and impact private industry with tax disincentives, intellectual property transfer restrictions, and restrictions on the use or availability of certain work visas.
14
table of contents some of our projects require our personnel to obtain visas to travel and work at customer sites outside of our personnel's home countries and often in the united states. our reliance on visas to staff projects with employees who are not citizens of the country where the work is to be performed makes us vulnerable to legislative and administrative changes in the number of visas to be issued in any particular year and other work permit laws and regulations. the process to obtain the required visas and work permits can be lengthy and difficult and variations due to political forces and economic conditions in the number of permitted applications, as well as application and enforcement processes, may cause delays or rejections when trying to obtain visas. delays in obtaining visas or other work authorizations may result in delays in the ability of our personnel to travel to meet with and provide services to our customers or to continue to provide services on a timely basis. in addition, the availability of a sufficient number of visas without significant additional costs could limit our ability to provide services to our customers on a timely and cost-effective basis or manage our sales and delivery centers as efficiently as we otherwise could. delays in or the unavailability of visas and work permits could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we are subject to laws and regulations in the united states and other countries in which we operate, including export restrictions, economic sanctions, the fcpa, and similar anti-corruption laws. compliance with these laws requires significant resources and non-compliance may result in civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures.
we are subject to many laws and regulations that restrict our international operations, including laws that prohibit activities involving restricted countries, organizations, entities and persons that have been identified as unlawful actors or that are subject to u.s. sanctions. the u.s. office of foreign assets control, or ofac, and other international bodies have imposed sanctions that prohibit us from engaging in trade or financial transactions with certain countries, businesses, organizations and individuals. we are also subject to the fcpa and anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other countries, all of which prohibit companies and their intermediaries from bribing government officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced government corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices, although adherence to local customs and practices is generally not a defense under u.s. and other anti-bribery laws.
our compliance program contains controls and procedures designed to ensure our compliance with the fcpa, ofac and other sanctions, and laws and regulations. the continuing implementation and ongoing development and monitoring of our compliance program may be time consuming, expensive, and could result in the discovery of compliance issues or violations by us or our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors or agents of which we were previously unaware.
any violations of these or other laws, regulations and procedures by our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors and agents, including third parties we associate with or companies we acquire, could expose us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties, fines or business restrictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and would adversely affect our reputation and the market for shares of our common stock and may require certain of our investors to disclose their investment in us under certain state laws.
risks related to our industry and customers we generally do not have long-term commitments from our customers, our customers may terminate contracts before completion or choose not to renew contracts, and we are not guaranteed payment for services performed under contract. a loss of business or non-payment from significant customers could materially affect our results of operations.
our ability to maintain continuing relationships with our major customers and successfully obtain payment for our services is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. however, the volume of work performed for any specific customer is likely to vary from year to year, especially since we generally are not our customers' exclusive it services provider and we generally do not have long-term commitments from customers to purchase our services. we may also fail to assess the creditworthiness of our customers adequately or accurately. our customers' ability to terminate engagements with or without cause and our customers' inability or unwillingness to pay for services we performed makes our future revenues and profitability uncertain. although a substantial majority of our revenues are generated from customers who also contributed to our revenues during the prior year, our engagements with our customers are typically for projects that are singular in nature. therefore, we must seek to obtain new engagements when our current engagements end.
15
table of contents there are a number of factors relating to our customers that are outside of our control, which might lead them to terminate or not renew a contract or project with us, or be unable to pay us, including:
•financial difficulties;
•corporate restructuring, or mergers and acquisitions activity;
•our inability to complete our contractual commitments and invoice and collect our contracted revenues;
•change in strategic priorities or economic conditions, resulting in elimination of the impetus for the project or a reduced level of technology related spending;
•change in outsourcing strategy resulting in moving more work to the customer's in-house technology departments or to our competitors; and
•replacement of existing software with packaged software supported by licensors.
termination or non-renewal of a customer contract could cause us to experience a higher-than-expected number of unassigned employees and thus compress our margins until we are able to reallocate our headcount. customers that delay payment, request modifications to their payment arrangements, or fail to meet their payment obligations to us could increase our cash collection time, cause us to incur bad debt expense, or cause us to incur expenses in collections actions. the loss of any of our major customers, a significant decrease in the volume of work they outsource to us or price they are willing or able to pay us, if not replaced by new service engagements and revenues, could materially adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.
our revenues are highly dependent on a limited number of industries, and any decrease in demand for outsourced services in these industries could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations.
a substantial portion of our customers are concentrated in five specific industry verticals: financial services; software & hi-tech; business information & media; travel & consumer; and life sciences & healthcare. our business growth largely depends on continued demand for our services from customers in these five industry verticals and other industries that we target or may target in the future, and also depends on trends in these industries to outsource the type of services we provide.
a downturn in any of our targeted industries, a slowdown or reversal of the trend to outsource it services in any of these industries or the introduction of regulations that restrict or discourage companies from outsourcing could result in a decrease in the demand for our services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. our customers in the financial services industry vertical that depend on the steady functioning of the global capital and credit markets may be particularly susceptible to the adverse effects of a threatened or actual u.s. sovereign debt default, which could cause those customers to reduce spending on our services. other developments in the industries in which we operate may increase the demand for lower cost or lower quality it services and decrease the demand for our services or increase the pressure our customers put on us to reduce pricing. we may not be able to successfully anticipate and prepare for any such changes, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
furthermore, developments in the industries we serve could shift customer demand to new services, solutions or technology. if our customers demand new services, solutions or technologies, we may be less competitive in these new areas or may need to make significant investments to meet that demand. additionally, as we expand into serving new industry verticals, our solutions and technology may be used by, or generally affect, a broader base of customers and end users, which may expose us to new business and operational risks.
16
table of contents if our pricing structures are based on inaccurate expectations and assumptions regarding the cost and complexity of performing our work, or if we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our services, then our contracts could be unprofitable.
we face a number of risks when pricing our contracts and setting terms with our customers. our pricing is highly dependent on our internal forecasts, assumptions and predictions about our projects, the marketplace, global economic conditions (including foreign exchange volatility and inflation) and the coordination of operations and personnel in multiple locations with different skill sets and competencies. larger and more complex projects that involve multiple engagements or stages heighten those pricing risks because a customer may choose not to retain us for additional stages or delay forecasted engagements, which disrupts our planned project resource requirements. if our pricing for a project includes dedicated personnel or facilities and the customer were to slow or stop that project, we may not be able to reallocate resources to other customers. our pricing and cost estimates for the work that we perform may include anticipated long-term cost savings that we expect to achieve and sustain over the life of the contract. because of such inherent uncertainties, we may underprice our projects, fail to accurately estimate the costs of performing the work or fail to accurately assess the risks associated with potential contracts, such as defined performance goals, service levels, and completion schedules. the risk of underpricing our services or underestimating the costs of performing the work is heightened in fixed-price contracts and in contracts that require our customer to receive a productivity benefit as a result of the services performed under the contract. if we fail to accurately estimate the resources, time or quality levels required to complete such engagements, or if the cost to us of employees, facilities, or technology unexpectedly increases, we could be exposed to cost overruns. any increased or unexpected costs, delays or failures to achieve anticipated cost savings, or unexpected risks we encounter in connection with the performance of the services, including those caused by factors outside our control, could make these contracts less profitable or unprofitable.
our industry is sensitive to the economic environment and the industry tends to decline during general economic downturns. given our significant revenues from north america and europe, if those economies weaken or enter a recession, pricing for our services may be depressed and our customers may reduce or postpone their technology related spending significantly, which may in turn lower the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability.
we face risks associated with having a long selling and implementation cycle for our services that require us to make significant resource commitments prior to realizing revenues for those services.
we have a long selling cycle for our services. before potential customers commit to use our services, they require us to expend substantial time and resources educating them on the value of our services and our ability to meet their requirements. therefore, our selling cycle is subject to many risks and delays over which we have little or no control, including our customers' decision to select another service provider or in-house resources to perform the services, the timing of our customers' budget cycles, and customer procurement and approval processes. if our sales cycle unexpectedly lengthens for one or more large projects, it could negatively affect the timing of our revenues and our revenue growth. in certain cases, we may begin work and incur costs prior to executing a contract, which may cause fluctuations in recognizing revenues between periods or jeopardize our ability to collect payment from customers.
implementing our services also involves a significant commitment of resources over an extended period of time from both our customers and us. our current and future customers may not be willing or able to invest the time and resources necessary to implement our services, and we may fail to close sales with potential customers despite devoting significant time and resources. any significant failure to generate revenues or delays in recognizing revenues after incurring costs related to our sales or services processes could have a material adverse effect on our business.
17
table of contents if we are unable to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards, we may lose customers and our business could be materially adversely affected.
rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards are inherent in the market for our products and services. our ability to anticipate developments in our industry, enhance our existing services, develop and introduce new services, provide enhancements and new features for our products, and keep pace with changes and developments are critical to meeting changing customer needs. developing solutions for our customers is extremely complex and is expected to become increasingly complex and expensive in the future due to the introduction of new platforms, operating systems, technologies and methodologies. our ability to keep pace with, anticipate or respond to changes and developments is subject to a number of risks, including that:
•we may not be able to develop new, or update existing services, applications, tools and software quickly or inexpensively enough to meet our customers' needs;
•we may find it difficult or costly to make existing software and products work effectively and securely over the internet or with new or changed operating systems;
•we may find it challenging to develop new, or update existing software, services, and products to keep pace with evolving industry standards, methodologies, technologies, and regulatory developments in the industries where our customers operate at a pace and cost that is acceptable to our customers; and
•we may find it difficult to maintain high quality levels with new technologies and methodologies.
we may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments in a timely manner, or if we do respond, the services, products, technologies or methodologies we develop or implement may not be successful in the marketplace. further, services, products, technologies or methodologies that our competitors develop may render our services or products non-competitive or obsolete. our failure to enhance our existing services and products and to develop and introduce new services and products to promptly address the needs of our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business.
if we cause disruptions to our customers' businesses, provide inadequate service, or breach contractual obligations, our customers may have claims for substantial damages against us and our reputation may be damaged. our insurance coverage may be inadequate to protect us against such claims.
if our professionals make errors in the course of delivering services or we fail to meet contractual obligations to a customer, these errors or failures could disrupt the customer's business or expose confidential or personally identifiable information. any of these events could result in a reduction in our revenues, damage to our reputation, and could also result in a customer terminating our engagement and making claims for substantial damages against us. some of our customer agreements do not limit our potential liability for occurrences such as breaches of confidentiality and intellectual property infringement indemnity, and we cannot generally limit liability to third parties with which we do not have a contractual relationship. in some cases, breaches of confidentiality obligations, including obligations to protect personally identifiable information, may entitle the aggrieved party to equitable remedies, including injunctive relief.
although we maintain professional liability insurance, product liability insurance, cyber incident insurance, commercial general and property insurance, business interruption insurance, workers' compensation coverage, and umbrella insurance for certain of our operations, our insurance coverage does not insure against all risks in our operations or all claims we may receive. damage claims from customers or third parties brought against us or claims that we initiate due to the disruption of our business, information security systems, litigation, or natural disasters, may not be covered by our insurance, may exceed the limits of our insurance coverage, and may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources even if insured. some types of insurance are not available on reasonable terms or at all in some countries in which we operate, and we cannot insure against damage to our reputation. the assertion of one or more large claims against us, whether or not successful and whether or not insured, could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
18
table of contents a significant failure in our systems, telecommunications or it infrastructure could harm our service model, which could result in a reduction of our revenues and otherwise disrupt our business.
our service model relies on maintaining active and stable utility connections, voice and data communications, online resource management, financial and operational record management, customer service and data processing systems between our customer sites, our delivery centers and our customer management locations. our business activities may be materially disrupted in the event of a partial or complete failure of any of these technologies or systems, which could be due to software malfunction, computer virus attacks, conversion errors due to system upgrades, damage from fire, earthquake, power loss, military action, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry, government shutdowns, demands placed on internet infrastructure by growing numbers of users, increased bandwidth requirements or other events beyond our control. our crisis management procedures, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of such disruptions, particularly in the case of multiple or catastrophic events. loss of all or part of the infrastructure or systems for a period of time could hinder our performance or our ability to complete customer projects on time which, in turn, could lead to a reduction of our revenues or otherwise materially adversely affect our business and business reputation.
our ability to generate and retain business could depend on our reputation in the marketplace.
our services are marketed to customers and prospective customers based on a number of factors, including reputation. our corporate reputation is a significant factor in our customers' evaluation of whether to engage our services. our customers' perception of our ability to add value through our services is critical to the profitability of our engagements. we believe the epam brand name and our reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our services from those of our competitors and contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented employees.
our corporate reputation is potentially susceptible to damage by actions or statements made by current or former customers and employees, competitors, vendors, adversaries in legal proceedings, government regulators, as well as members of the investment community and the media. there is a risk that negative information about us, even if untrue, could adversely affect our business, could cause damage to our reputation and be challenging to repair, could make potential or existing customers reluctant to select us for new engagements, and could adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts. damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of the epam brand name and could reduce investor confidence in us.
we may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, and our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to protect our business and competitive position.
we rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent, unfair competition and trade secret laws, as well as intellectual property assignment and confidentiality agreements and other methods to protect our intellectual property rights. protection of intellectual property rights and confidentiality in some countries in which we operate may not be as effective as in other countries with more developed intellectual property protections.
we require our employees and independent contractors to assign to us all intellectual property and work product they create in connection with their employment or engagement. these assignment agreements also obligate our personnel to keep proprietary information confidential. if these agreements are not enforceable in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, or are breached, we cannot ensure that we will solely own the intellectual property they create or that our proprietary information will not be disclosed. our customers and certain vendors are generally obligated to keep our information confidential, but if these contractual obligations are not entered, or are breached or deemed unenforceable, our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information may be subject to unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure. reverse engineering, unauthorized copying or other misappropriation of our and our customers' proprietary technologies, tools and applications could enable unauthorized parties to benefit from our or our customers' technologies, tools and applications without payment and may make us liable to our customers for damages and compensation, which could harm our business and competitive position.
we rely on our trademarks, trade names, service marks and brand names to distinguish our services and solutions from the services of our competitors. we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. third parties may oppose our trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of our trademarks. in the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our services and solutions, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote additional resources to advertising and marketing new brands. further, we cannot provide assurance that competitors will not infringe our trademarks, or that we will have adequate knowledge of infringement or resources to enforce our trademarks. if we do enforce our trademarks and our other intellectual property rights through litigation, we may not be successful and the litigation may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.
19
table of contents we may face intellectual property infringement claims that could be time-consuming and costly to defend. if we fail to defend ourselves against such claims, we may lose significant intellectual property rights and may be unable to continue providing our existing services.
our success largely depends on our ability to use and develop our technology, tools, code, methodologies, products, and services without infringing the intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks, of third parties. we may be unaware of intellectual property rights relating to our products or services that may give rise to potential infringement claims against us. if those intellectual property rights are potentially relevant to our service offerings, we may need to license those rights in order to continue to use the applicable technology, but the holders of those intellectual property rights may be unwilling to license those rights to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. there may also be technologies licensed to and relied on by us that if subject to infringement or misappropriation claims by third parties, may become unavailable to us if such third parties obtain an injunction to prevent us from delivering our services or using technology involving the allegedly infringing intellectual property.
we typically indemnify customers who purchase our products, services and solutions against potential infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, which subjects us to the risk and cost of defending the underlying infringement claims. these claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our customers, regardless of the merits of these claims, and our indemnification obligations are often not subject to liability limits or exclusion of consequential, indirect or punitive damages. intellectual property litigation could also divert our management's attention from our business and existing or potential customers could defer or limit their purchase or use of our software product development services or solutions until we resolve such litigation. if any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our customers, redesign or cease offering our allegedly infringing products, services, or solutions, or obtain licenses for the intellectual property that such services or solutions allegedly infringe. if we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our customers may be forced to stop using our services or solutions.
any of these actions, regardless of the outcome of litigation or merits of the claim, could damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to information security and data protection security breaches and other disruptions to network security could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.
in the ordinary course of business, we collect, store, process, transmit, and view sensitive or confidential data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personally identifiable information belonging to us, our customers, our respective employees, and other end users. this information is stored in our data centers and networks or in the data centers and networks of third-party providers. physical security and the secure storage, processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. some of our customers seek additional assurances for the protection of their sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, and will seek greater liability in the event that their sensitive information is disclosed. at times, to achieve commercial objectives, we may agree to greater liability exposure to such customers. in addition, government regulators may impose fines, penalties, and other civil or criminal consequences for security breaches and inadequate information security. other parties, such as our customers' customers, may have a private right of action to seek damages for any information security breach on an individual or collective basis.
individuals, including employees, contractors and other third parties in our information security supply chain, as well as groups and larger, sophisticated collections of hackers, such as state-sponsored organizations, all pose threats to our information security. these individual, group, and organized actors have a variety of methods at their disposal, including deploying malicious software, exploiting vulnerabilities in hardware, software, or infrastructure, using social engineering or deceptive techniques, and executing coordinated attacks to compromise our services, disrupt our operations or gain access to our networks and data centers.
20
table of contents threats to information security evolve constantly and are increasingly sophisticated and complex, which makes detecting and successfully defending against them more difficult. undetected vulnerabilities may persist in our network environment over long periods of time and could come from or spread to the networks and systems of our suppliers and customers. we frequently update and improve our information security environment and assess and adopt new methods, devices, and technologies, but our policies and information security controls may not keep pace with emerging threats. we have in the past been subject to cyberattacks and expect to continue to be the target of malicious attacks. despite our multiple security measures, any breach of our facilities, network, or information security defenses compromises the information stored in those locations and allows the accessed information to be held for ransom, publicly disclosed, misappropriated, lost or stolen. such a breach, misappropriation, or disruption could also disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, as well as require us to expend significant resources to protect against further breaches and to rectify problems caused by these events. any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under applicable laws, and regulatory penalties and could adversely affect our business, revenues and competitive position.
development and deployment of measures to protect our information security or that of our customers may be inadequate and could adversely affect our results of operations.
to defend against information security threats internally, at our third-party providers, and on our customers' systems, we must continuously engineer or purchase more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, improve deployment and compliance with software updates, assess and develop mitigation strategies and technologies to help secure information, hire information security specialists, and maintain a security infrastructure that protects our network, products, and services, and the software we build for our customers. we must also educate our employees, contractors, and customers about the need to effectively use security measures. our customers, particularly those in the financial services and life sciences & healthcare industry verticals, may have enhanced or particular security requirements which we must address in our engineering and development services.
the cost of information security measures, either to protect our information or the information of our customers, could reduce our profitability. actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our software and services, even if those vulnerabilities are the result of hardware or software developed by third parties, could harm our reputation and lead customers to use our competitors, reduce or delay future purchases of our services, or to seek compensation or damages.
changes in privacy and data protection regulations could expose us to risks of noncompliance and costs associated with compliance.
epam is subject to the gdpr, the substantially similar u.k. gdpr, the privacy laws of california and other u.s. states, and the privacy laws of the countries where we operate, each of which imposes significant restrictions and requirements relating to the processing of personal data. these and other state, national and international data protection laws that are or will soon be effective are more burdensome than historical privacy standards, especially in the united states. california's privacy laws, the u.k. gdpr, and gdpr each established complex legal obligations that organizations must follow with respect to the processing of personal data, including a prohibition on the transfer of personal information to third parties or to other countries, and the imposition of additional notification, security and other control measures.
enforcement actions taken by data protection authorities, as well as audits or investigations by one or more individuals, organizations, or foreign government agencies could result in penalties and fines for non-compliance or direct claims against us in the event of any loss or damage as a result of a breach of these regulations. the burden of compliance with additional data protection requirements may result in significant additional costs, complexity and risk in our services and customers may seek to shift the potential risks resulting from the implementation of data privacy legislation to us. we are required to establish processes and change certain operations in relation to the processing of personal data as a result of privacy laws, which may involve substantial expense and distraction from other aspects of our business.
undetected software design defects, errors or failures may result in loss of business or in liabilities that could materially adversely affect our business.
our software development solutions involve a high degree of technological complexity, have unique specifications and could contain design defects or software errors that are difficult to detect or correct. errors or defects may result in the loss of current customers, revenues, market share, or customer data, a failure to attract new customers or achieve market acceptance and could divert development resources and increase support or service costs. we cannot provide assurance that, despite testing by our customers and us, errors will not be found in the software products we develop or the services we perform. any such errors could result in claims for damages against us, litigation, and reputational harm that could materially adversely affect our business.
21
table of contents general risk factors our stock price is volatile.
our common stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility as a result of variations between our actual and anticipated financial results, announcements by our competitors, third parties, or us, projections or speculation about our business or that of our competitors or industry by the media or investment analysts, geopolitical events or uncertainty about inflation or other current global economic conditions. the stock market, as a whole, also has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies' operating performance. furthermore, we believe our stock price should reflect future growth and profitability expectations and, if we fail to meet these expectations, our stock price may significantly decline.
expense related to our liability-classified restricted stock units, which are subject to mark-to-market accounting, and the calculation of the weighted average diluted shares outstanding in accordance with the treasury method are both affected by our stock price. any fluctuations in the price of our stock will affect our future operating results.
we may need additional capital, and a failure to raise additional capital on terms favorable to us, or at all, could limit our ability to grow our business and develop or enhance our service offerings to respond to market demand or competitive challenges.
we believe that our current cash, cash flow from operations and revolving line of credit are sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next twelve months. we may, however, require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions that we may decide to pursue. if these resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain another credit facility, and we cannot be certain that such additional financing would be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. the sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders, and additional indebtedness would result in increased debt service costs and obligations and could impose operating and financial covenants that would further restrict our operations.
our hedging program is subject to counterparty default risk.
we enter into foreign currency forward contracts with a number of counterparties. as a result, we are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults on its performance under the contract. during an economic downturn, the counterparty's financial condition may deteriorate rapidly and with little notice and we may be unable to take action to protect our exposure. in the event of a counterparty default, we could incur significant losses, which may harm our business and financial condition. in the event that one or more of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty's default may be limited by the liquidity of the counterparty.
war, terrorism, other acts of violence or natural or man-made disasters may affect the markets in which we operate, our customers, and our service delivery.
our business may be negatively affected by instability, disruption or destruction in the geographic regions where we operate. war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; man-made and natural disasters, the severity and frequency of which have increased due to climate change, and include famine, flood, fire, earthquake, pandemics and other regional or global health crises, storm or disease, may cause customers to delay their decisions on spending for the services we provide and give rise to sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. our crisis management procedures, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of such disasters, particularly in the case of simultaneous or catastrophic events. these events pose significant security risks to our people, the facilities where they work, our operations, electricity and other utilities, communications, travel, and network services, and the disruption of any or all of them could materially adversely affect our financial results. travel restrictions resulting from natural or man-made disruptions and political or social conflict increase the difficulty of obtaining and retaining highly skilled and qualified professionals and could unexpectedly increase our labor costs and expenses, both of which could also adversely affect our ability to serve our customers.
22
table of contents our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors.
we conduct business globally and file income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions. our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors, including changes in the amount of income taxed by or allocated to the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; changing tax laws, regulations and interpretations of such tax laws in one or more jurisdictions; and the resolution of issues arising from tax audits or examinations and any related interest or penalties. the determination of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires estimation, judgment and calculations where the ultimate tax determination may not be certain. our determination of tax liability is always subject to review or examination by authorities in various jurisdictions. if a tax authority in any jurisdiction reviews any of our tax returns and proposes an adjustment, including, but not limited to, a determination that the transfer prices and terms we have applied are not appropriate, such an adjustment could have a negative impact on our results of operations, business, and profitability.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. in addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the sections entitled "forward-looking statements" and "part i. item 1a. risk factors." we assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements.
executive summary we are a leading global provider of digital platform engineering and software development services to many of the world's leading organizations. our customers depend on us to solve their complex technical challenges and rely on our expertise in core engineering, advanced technology, digital design and intelligent enterprise development.
we continuously explore opportunities in new industries to expand our core industry client base in software and technology, financial services, business information and media, travel and consumer, and life sciences and healthcare. our teams of developers, architects, consultants, strategists, engineers, designers, and product experts have the capabilities and skill sets to deliver business results. through increased specialization in focused verticals and a continued emphasis on strategic partnerships, we are leveraging our roots in software engineering to grow as a recognized brand in software development and end-to-end digital transformation services for our customers.
26
table of contents our global delivery model and centralized support functions, combined with the benefits of scale from the shared use of fixed-cost resources, enhance our productivity levels and enable us to better manage the efficiency of our global operations. as a result, we have created a delivery base whereby our applications, tools, methodologies and infrastructure allow us to seamlessly deliver services and solutions from our delivery centers to global customers across all geographies, further strengthening our relationships with them. to ensure safety and business continuity in the environment introduced by the covid-19 global pandemic, many of our personnel have worked and continue to work productively through secure remote working arrangements so they can respond to the rapidly changing needs and demands of our customers. for further information on the various risks posed by the disruptions to our business structure, please read "part i. item 1a. risk factors" included in this annual report on form 10-k.
business update regarding the war in ukraine on february 24, 2022, russian forces attacked ukraine and its people and epam has repeatedly called for an immediate end to this unlawful and unconscionable attack. epam's highest priority is the safety and security of its employees and their families in ukraine as well as the broader region, and we have continued to support relocating our employees to lower risk locations, both in ukraine and to other countries where we operate. the vast majority of our ukraine employees are in safe locations and operating at levels of productivity consistent with those achieved in 2021. as of december 31, 2022, ukraine remains our largest delivery location with the most delivery professionals. furthermore, we have maintained our $100 million humanitarian aid commitment to our people in ukraine in addition to our other donations and volunteer efforts.
prior to the attack in february 2022, belarus and russia were our second and third largest delivery locations by the number of delivery professionals, respectively. on april 7, 2022, the company announced the beginning of a phased exit of our operations in russia in close collaboration with our employees, contractors, and customers. we have discontinued services to certain customers located in russia and on september 7, 2022, we executed an agreement to sell substantially all of our remaining holdings in russia to a third party. as of december 31, 2022 and through the date of issuance of the financial statements, the long stop date of the agreement has passed and we are currently renegotiating the terms of that sale agreement as well as exploring other strategic alternatives. the timing and completion of a sale is uncertain and any sale would be subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals by the russian government.
we expect to continue operating in belarus while executing on our belarus-specific business continuity plans. a significant number of our employees in russia and belarus have relocated, and we may assist in relocating employees to delivery locations in other countries in the future. additionally, we continue to execute our business continuity plans and have sustained our hiring efforts across multiple locations in eastern europe, central and western asia, india, and latin america.
we own office buildings and lease office space in a number of cities in both ukraine and in belarus that we use for both internal functions and for delivering services to our customers. the impact of the war on our operations, personnel, and physical assets in ukraine has had, and, along with any escalation of the war that includes belarus' territory or military, could continue to have, a material adverse effect on our operations. actions taken by other countries, including new and stricter sanctions by canada, the united kingdom, the european union, the u.s. and other companies and organizations against officials, individuals, regions, and industries in russia and belarus, and each of those country's responses to such sanctions, including counter-sanctions and other actions, has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our operations. customers have and may continue to seek altered terms, conditions, and delivery locations for the performance of services, delay planned work or seek services from alternate providers, or suspend, terminate, fail to renew, or reduce existing contracts or services, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. some of our customers have implemented steps to block internet communications with russia, ukraine, and belarus to protect against potential cyberattacks or other information security threats, which has caused a material adverse effect on our ability to deliver our services to these customers from those locations. such material adverse effects disrupt our delivery of services, cause us to shift all or portions of our work occurring in the region to other countries, restrict our ability to engage in certain projects in the region and serve certain customers in or from the region, and could negatively impact our personnel, operations, financial results and business outlook. our board of directors continues its oversight of our strategic, geopolitical, and cybersecurity risks and the risks related to our geographic expansion. our board has received updates from management during both regular and special meetings, while also providing oversight of the risks associated with russia's invasion of ukraine and other strategic areas of importance related to the war.
27
table of contents moving forward we continue to execute our business continuity plans and adapt to developments as they occur to protect the safety of our people and address impacts on our delivery infrastructure, including reallocating work to other geographies within our global footprint. we have engaged both our personnel and our customers to meet their needs and to mitigate delivery challenges. epam continues to operate productively in more than 50 countries and provides consistent high-quality delivery to our customers. our global delivery centers have sufficient resources, including infrastructure and capital, to support ongoing operations. epam continues to rapidly respond to the difficult conditions in ukraine while maintaining a focus on customers and long-term growth.
implementation and execution of our business continuity plans, relocation costs, our humanitarian commitment to our people in ukraine, and the cost of our phased exit from russia have resulted in materially increased expenses during 2022. we expect some of those expenses will continue to occur in subsequent quarters for some time in the future. in addition to the charges recorded during 2022 related to our exit from russia, based on the information available through the date of issuance of the financial statements, we expect to record a loss upon the earlier of classification of the assets and liabilities to be sold as held for sale or closing of a sale, and such loss is not expected to be material. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could impact the gain or loss the company could recognize in the future. if unable to complete a sale, the company could recognize other charges including restructuring costs.
we have no way to predict the progress or outcome of the attack against ukraine because the conflict and government reactions change quickly and are beyond our control. prolonged military activities, broad-based sanctions and counter-sanctions could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition and there is significant uncertainty for our business outlook for 2023. the information contained in this section is accurate as of the date hereof but may become outdated due to changing circumstances beyond our control or present awareness.
for additional information on the various risks posed by the attack against ukraine and the impact in the region, please read "part i. item 1a. risk factors" included in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview of 2022 and financial highlights the following table presents a summary of our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                                        2021                                                           2020
% of revenues                                                  % of revenues                                                  % of revenues
(in millions, except percentages and per share data)
revenues                            $4,824.7                         100.0      %                  $3,758.1                         100.0      %                  $2,659.5                         100.0      %
income from operations                $573.0                          11.9      %                    $542.3                          14.4      %                    $379.3                          14.3      %
net income                            $419.4                           8.7      %                    $481.7                          12.8      %                    $327.2                          12.3      %
effective tax rate                      17.3   %                                                        9.7   %                                                       13.6   %
diluted earnings per share             $7.09                                                          $8.15                                                          $5.60
the key highlights of our consolidated results for 2022 were as follows:
•we recorded revenues of $4.825 billion, or a 28.4% increase from $3.758 billion in the previous year, negatively impacted by $151.1 million or 4.0% due to changes in certain foreign currency exchange rates as compared to the previous year.
•income from operations grew 5.7% to $573.0 million in 2022 from $542.3 million in 2021. expressed as a percentage of revenues, income from operations was 11.9% compared to 14.4%. during the year ended december 31, 2022, income from operations as a percentage of revenues was negatively impacted by incremental expenses associated with epam's humanitarian efforts in ukraine, the global repositioning of our workforce, unbilled business continuity resources, the costs associated with our phased exit from operations in russia, and impairment of long-lived asset charges triggered by the decision to discontinue services to customers in russia.
28

•our effective tax rate was 17.3% compared to 9.7% in the previous year. the increase in the effective tax rate for 2022 as compared to the prior year is primarily attributable to the decrease in excess tax benefits recorded upon vesting or exercise of stock-based awards and tax charges in 2022 resulting from changes to certain u.s. tax regulations, partially offset by one-time tax benefits in 2022 resulting from the company's decision to change the tax status and to classify certain of its foreign subsidiaries as disregarded entities for u.s. income tax.
•net income decreased 12.9% to $419.4 million compared to $481.7 million in 2021. expressed as a percentage of revenues, net income decreased 4.1% during 2022 compared to last year. net income during 2022 was impacted by net foreign exchange losses, partially offset by the improvement in income from operations. foreign exchange loss during 2022 was primarily driven by the impact of appreciation of the russian ruble on the company's intercompany payables denominated in russian rubles and u.s. dollar denominated assets held by our subsidiaries in russia and losses from our foreign exchange forward contracts associated with the russian ruble.
•diluted earnings per share decreased 13.0% to $7.09 for the year ended december 31, 2022 from $8.15 in 2021.
•cash provided by operations decreased $108.2 million, or 18.9%, to $464.1 million during 2022 as compared to last year. the decrease was largely driven by an increase in days sales outstanding during 2022, higher level of variable compensation payments made in 2022 based on 2021 performance, and cash outflows related to epam's humanitarian support efforts in ukraine and geographic repositioning.
the operating results in any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period.
critical accounting policies we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), which require us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect: (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, (ii) the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the end of each reporting period and (iii) the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during each reporting period. we evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, knowledge and assessment of current business and other conditions, and expectations regarding the future based on available information and reasonable assumptions, which together form a basis for making judgments about matters not readily apparent from other sources. since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. some of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. when reviewing our audited consolidated financial statements, you should consider (i) our selection of critical accounting policies, (ii) the judgment and other uncertainties affecting the application of such policies and (iii) the sensitivity of reported results to changes in conditions and assumptions. we consider the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as their application places significant demands on the judgment of our management.
an accounting policy is considered critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements. we believe that the following critical accounting policies are the most sensitive and require more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. you should read the following descriptions of critical accounting policies, judgments and estimates in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and other disclosures included elsewhere in this annual report. additional information on our policies is in note 1 "business and summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k.
revenues - we recognize revenues when control of goods or services is passed to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. such control may be transferred over time or at a point in time depending on satisfaction of obligations stipulated by the contract. consideration expected to be received may consist of both fixed and variable components and is allocated to each separately identifiable performance obligation based on the performance obligation's relative standalone selling price. variable consideration usually takes the form of volume-based discounts, service level credits, price concessions or incentives. determining the estimated amount of such variable consideration involves assumptions and judgment that can have an impact on the amount of revenues reported.
29
table of contents we derive revenues from a variety of service arrangements, which have been evolving to provide more customized and integrated solutions to customers by combining software engineering with customer experience design, business consulting and technology innovation services. fees for these contracts may be in the form of time-and-materials or fixed-price arrangements. we generate the majority of our revenues under time-and-material contracts, which are billed using hourly, daily or monthly rates to determine the amounts to be charged directly to the customer. we apply a practical expedient and revenues related to time-and-material contracts are recognized based on the right to invoice for services performed.
fixed-price contracts include maintenance and support arrangements, which may exceed one year in duration. maintenance and support arrangements generally relate to the provision of ongoing services and revenues for such contracts are recognized ratably over the expected service period. fixed-price contracts also include application development arrangements, where progress towards satisfaction of the performance obligation is measured using input or output methods and input methods are used only when there is a direct correlation between hours incurred and the end product delivered. assumptions, risks and uncertainties inherent in the estimates used to measure progress could affect the amount of revenues, receivables and deferred revenues at each reporting period.
revenues from licenses which have significant stand-alone functionality are recognized at a point in time when control of the license is transferred to the customer. revenues from licenses which do not have stand-alone functionality are recognized over time. if there is an uncertainty about the receipt of payment for the services, revenue recognition is deferred until the uncertainty is sufficiently resolved. we apply a practical expedient and do not assess the existence of a significant financing component if the period between transfer of the service to a customer and when the customer pays for that service is one year or less.
we report gross reimbursable "out-of-pocket" expenses incurred as both revenues and cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of income.
business combinations - we account for business combinations using the acquisition method which requires us to estimate the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including any contingent consideration, to properly allocate purchase price to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. a substantial portion of the purchase price is typically allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets, which typically include customer relationships, software, trade names, non-competition agreements, and assembled workforce. the allocation of the purchase price utilizes significant estimates in determining the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, especially with respect to intangible assets. the significant estimates and assumptions used include the timing and amount of forecasted revenues and cash flows, anticipated growth rates, customer attrition rates, the discount rate reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows, and the useful lives for finite-lived assets. there are different valuation models for each component, the selection of which requires considerable judgment. these determinations will affect the amount of amortization expense recognized in future periods. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe are reasonable but recognize that the assumptions are inherently uncertain.
we determine the fair value of contingent consideration using monte carlo simulations (which involve a simulation of future revenues and earnings during the earn-out period using management's best estimates) or probability-weighted expected return methods. changes in financial projections, market risk assumptions, discount rates or probability assumptions related to achieving the various earn-out criteria would result in a change in the fair value of contingent consideration. such changes, if any, are recorded within interest and other income/(loss), net in the company's consolidated statements of income.
if the initial accounting for the business combination has not been completed by the end of the reporting period in which the business combination occurs, provisional amounts are reported to present information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. once the measurement period ends, which in no case extends beyond one year from the acquisition date, revisions to the accounting for the business combination are recorded in earnings.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 "business and summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements.
30
table of contents results of operations the following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated. this information should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. the operating results in any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period.
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                                                                                     2021                                                             2020
% of revenues                                                    % of revenues                                                    % of revenues
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)
revenues                                                                   $4,824,698                                 100.0%                  $3,758,144                         100.0      %                  $2,659,478                         100.0      %
operating expenses:
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)(1)                  3,286,683                             68.1                   2,483,697                                 66.1                   1,732,522                                 65.1
selling, general and administrative expenses(2)                               872,777                                   18.1                     648,736                                 17.3                     484,758                                 18.2
depreciation and amortization expense                                          92,272                                    1.9                      83,395                                  2.2                      62,874                                  2.4
income from operations                                                        572,966                                   11.9                     542,316                                 14.4                     379,324                                 14.3
interest and other income/(loss), net                                          10,025                                    0.2                     (1,727)                                    -                       3,822                                  0.1
foreign exchange loss                                                        (75,733)                                  (1.6)                     (7,197)                                (0.2)                     (4,667)                                (0.2)
income before provision for income taxes                                      507,258                                   10.5                     533,392                                 14.2                     378,479                                 14.2
provision for income taxes                                                     87,842                                    1.8                      51,740                                  1.4                      51,319                                  1.9
net income                                                                   $419,416                                   8.7%                    $481,652                          12.8      %                    $327,160                          12.3      %
effective tax rate                                                               17.3     %                                                          9.7   %                                                         13.6   %
diluted earnings per share                                                      $7.09                                                              $8.15                                                            $5.60
(1) includes $47,470, $51,580 and $32,785 of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(2) includes $52,439, $60,075 and $42,453 of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
revenues we continue to expand our presence across multiple geographies and verticals, both organically and through strategic acquisitions. during the year ended december 31, 2022, our total revenues grew 28.4% over the previous year to $4.825 billion. this growth resulted from our ability to retain existing customers and increase the level of services we provide to them and our ability to produce revenues from new customer relationships. during the year ended december 31, 2022 we experienced a decrease in customer concentration as compared to the previous year, with revenues from our top five, top ten and top twenty customer groups decreasing as a percentage of total revenues. revenues have been positively impacted by our acquisitions, which contributed 5.1% to our revenue growth, and negatively impacted by our decision to exit russia and discontinue services to customers there by 3.7% and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates which decreased our revenue growth by 4.0% during the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the previous year.
we discuss below the breakdown of our revenues by vertical, customer location, service arrangement type, and customer concentration.
revenues by vertical we assign our customers into one of our five main vertical markets or a group of various industries where we are increasing our presence, which we label as "emerging verticals." emerging verticals include customers in multiple industries such as energy, utilities, manufacturing, automotive, telecommunications and several others.
31
table of contents the following table presents our revenues by vertical and revenues as a percentage of total revenues by vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                                2021                                                    2020
(in thousands, except percentages)
travel &amp; consumer                     $1,092,224                    22.7   %                    $741,128                    19.7   %                    $458,789                    17.2   %
financial services                         1,026,686                    21.3                         848,370                    22.6                         555,235                    20.9
business information &amp; media             809,952                    16.8                         666,941                    17.7                         560,680                    21.1
software &amp; hi-tech                       793,261                    16.4                         664,597                    17.7                         496,813                    18.7
life sciences &amp; healthcare               507,367                    10.5                         391,309                    10.4                         296,313                    11.1
emerging verticals                           595,208                    12.3                         445,799                    11.9                         291,648                    11.0
revenues                                  $4,824,698                   100.0   %                  $3,758,144                   100.0   %                  $2,659,478                   100.0   %
travel & consumer became our largest vertical during 2022, growing 47.4% as compared to 2021. except for software & hi-tech, which grew at a rate of 19.4% in 2022 over the prior year, all of our verticals grew over 20% in 2022 over the prior year.
revenues by customer location our revenues are sourced from multiple countries, which we assign into four geographic markets and identify as americas, emea, apac and cee. we present and discuss our revenues by customer location based on the location of the specific customer site that we serve, irrespective of the location of the headquarters of the customer or the location of the delivery center where the work is performed. revenues by customer location is different from revenues by reportable segment in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. segments are not based on the geographic location of the customers, but instead they are based on the location of the company's management responsible for a particular customer or market.
the following table sets forth revenues by customer location by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                              2021                                                    2020
(in thousands, except percentages)
americas (1)            $2,887,204                    59.9   %                  $2,226,830                    59.3   %                  $1,595,136                    60.0   %
emea (2)                 1,737,919                    36.0                       1,259,717                    33.4                         879,842                    33.1
apac (3)                   120,370                     2.5                         103,559                     2.8                          69,798                     2.6
cee (4)                     79,205                     1.6                         168,038                     4.5                         114,702                     4.3
revenues                $4,824,698                   100.0   %                  $3,758,144                   100.0   %                  $2,659,478                   100.0   %
(1)americas includes revenues from customers in north, central and south america.
(2)emea includes revenues from customers in western europe and the middle east.
(3)apac, or asia pacific, includes revenues from customers in east asia, southeast asia and australia.
(4)cee includes revenues from customers in russia, belarus, kazakhstan, ukraine, uzbekistan and georgia.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, revenues in the americas, our largest geography, were $2.887 billion, growing $660.4 million, or 29.7%, from $2.227 billion reported for the year ended december 31, 2021. revenues from this geography accounted for 59.9% of total revenues in 2022, an increase from 59.3% in the prior year. the united states continued to be our largest customer location contributing revenues of $2.761 billion in 2022 compared to $2.125 billion in 2021.
32
table of contents revenues in our emea geography were $1.738 billion, an increase of $478.2 million, or 38%, over $1.260 billion in the previous year. revenues in this geography accounted for 36.0% of consolidated revenues in 2022 as compared to 33.4% in the previous year. the top three revenue contributing customer location countries in emea were the united kingdom, switzerland and the netherlands generating revenues of $619.3 million, $323.4 million and $215.4 million in 2022, respectively, compared to $474.9 million, $271.2 million and $154.8 million in 2021, respectively. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates with the u.s. dollar, particularly the euro and the british pound, during 2022 compared to the same period in the prior year negatively impacted revenue growth in the emea geography by 10.0%. revenues in the region benefited from acquisitions which contributed $160.9 million to revenue growth in 2022.
during 2022, revenues in our cee geography decreased $88.8 million, or 52.9%, from the previous year. the decrease in cee revenues came primarily from customers in russia, contributing a decrease of $90.4 million in 2022 compared to the previous year. on march 4, 2022, we announced that we will discontinue our services to customers located in russia and have been providing transition support for customers in this market while administering the transition. on september 7, 2022, we executed an agreement to sell substantially all of our remaining holdings in russia to a third party. as of december 31, 2022 and through the date of issuance of these financial statements, the long stop date of the agreement has passed and we are currently renegotiating the terms of that sale agreement as well as exploring other strategic alternatives. the timing and completion of a sale is uncertain and any sale would be subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals by the russian government. as a result, the revenues from this geography are expected to continue to materially decline in the future.
revenues from customers in locations in our apac region comprised 2.5% of total revenues in 2022, a level consistent with the prior year.
discussion of revenues from 2021 as compared to 2020 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
revenues by customer concentration we have long-standing relationships with many of our customers and we seek to grow revenues from our existing customers by continually expanding the scope and size of our engagements. revenues derived from these customers may fluctuate as these accounts mature, upon beginning or completion of multi-year projects or due to external economic environment trends. we believe there is a significant potential for future growth as we expand our capabilities and offerings within existing customers. in addition, we remain committed to diversifying our client base and adding more customers to our client mix through organic growth and strategic acquisitions, and over the long-term, we expect revenue concentration from our top customers to decrease.
the following table presents revenues contributed by our customers by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                          2021                                                    2020
(in thousands, except percentages)
top five customers                    $793,603                    16.4   %                    $682,147                    18.2   %                    $584,303                    22.0   %
top ten customers                   $1,149,966                    23.8   %                    $966,486                    25.7   %                    $822,824                    30.9   %
top twenty customers                $1,698,916                    35.2   %                  $1,394,546                    37.1   %                  $1,124,552                    42.3   %
customers below top twenty          $3,125,782                    64.8   %                  $2,363,598                    62.9   %                  $1,534,926                    57.7   %
the following table shows the number of customers grouped by revenues recognized by the company for each year presented:
year ended december 31,
2022                    2021                    2020
over $20 million                                  40                      28
$10 - $20 million          51                      38                      27
$5 - $10 million          85                      63                      43
$1 - $5 million         303                     271                     225
$0.5 - $1 million         185                     133                     107
33
table of contents revenues by service offering our service arrangements have been evolving to provide more customized and integrated solutions to our customers where we combine software engineering with customer experience design, business consulting and technology innovation services. we are continually expanding our service capabilities, moving beyond traditional services into business consulting, design and physical product development.
the following table shows revenues by service offering as an amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the years indicated:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                             2021                                                    2020
(in thousands, except percentages)
professional services                  $4,800,047                    99.5   %                  $3,739,143                    99.5   %                  $2,643,016                    99.4   %
licensing and other revenues               24,651                     0.5   %                      19,001                     0.5   %                      16,462                     0.6   %
revenues                               $4,824,698                   100.0   %                  $3,758,144                   100.0   %                  $2,659,478                   100.0   %
see note 12 "revenues" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for more information regarding our contract types and related revenue recognition policies.
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)
the principal components of our cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) are salaries, bonuses, fringe benefits, stock-based compensation, project-related travel costs and fees for subcontractors who are assigned to customer projects. salaries and other compensation expenses of our delivery professionals are reported as cost of revenues regardless of whether the employees are actually performing customer services during a given period. our employees are a critical asset, necessary for our continued success and therefore we expect to continue hiring talented employees and providing them with competitive compensation programs.
we manage the utilization levels of our delivery professionals through strategic hiring and efficient staffing of projects. some of these professionals are hired and trained to work for specific customers or on specific projects and some of our offshore development centers are dedicated to specific customers or projects. our staff utilization also depends on the general economy and its effect on our customers and their business decisions regarding the use of our services.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was $3,286.7 million, representing an increase of 32.3% from $2,483.7 million reported last year. the increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation costs as a result of an 18.0% growth in the average number of production professionals and the geographic repositioning of our professionals to higher cost geographies in response to the war in ukraine, a 4.8% unfavorable impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, as well as $29.0 million of incremental costs associated with our humanitarian efforts in ukraine and $14.7 million of unbilled business continuity resources, partially offset by the reversal of $21.4 million of previously accrued discretionary compensation expenses during the first quarter of 2022.
expressed as a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was 68.1% and 66.1% during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the year-over-year increase is primarily due to higher personnel-related costs and the ongoing transition of customer work to higher cost geographies, increased costs associated with our humanitarian efforts in ukraine, and unbilled business continuity resources, partially offset by the reversal of previously accrued discretionary compensation expenses in the first quarter of 2022.
discussion of cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) from 2021 as compared to 2020 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses represent expenditures associated with promoting and selling our services and general and administrative functions of our business. these expenses include the costs of salaries, bonuses, fringe benefits, stock-based compensation, severance, bad debt, travel, legal and accounting services, insurance, facilities including operating leases, advertising, and other promotional activities. additionally, selling, general and administrative expenses contain costs of relocating our employees and various one-time and unusual expenses such as impairment charges.
34
table of contents our selling, general and administrative expenses have increased due to our continuously expanding operations, strategic business acquisitions, and the hiring of necessary personnel to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2022, selling, general and administrative expenses were $872.8 million, representing an increase of 34.5% as compared to $648.7 million reported last year. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2022 was primarily due to a $105.4 million increase in personnel-related costs, which include stock-based compensation expense, primarily driven by an increase in headcount. additionally, selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2022 were impacted by $38.7 million of expenses associated with our geographic repositioning of our workforce, $15.8 million of expenses associated with our humanitarian efforts in ukraine, $17.1 million of charges related to employee separation costs in russia, $19.6 million of impairment charges related to our long-lived assets in russia and $5.1 million of bad debt expense attributable to customers located in russia.
expressed as a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 0.8% to 18.1% for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase was primarily driven by impairment charges related to our long-lived assets in russia, higher bad debt expenses attributable to customers located in russia, employee separation costs in russia, increased costs associated with geographic repositioning of our workforce as well as our humanitarian efforts in ukraine, partially offset by reduced facilities-related expenses.
discussion of selling, general and administrative expenses from 2021 as compared to 2020 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation of physical assets used in the operation of our business such as computer equipment, software, buildings we purchased, leasehold improvements as well as various office furniture and equipment. depreciation and amortization expense also includes amortization of acquired finite-lived intangible assets.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, depreciation and amortization expense was $92.3 million, representing an increase of $8.9 million from $83.4 million reported in the prior year. the increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily driven by an increased investment in computer equipment used by our employees and amortization of acquired finite-lived intangible assets, which contributed $4.6 million to the year over year increase in depreciation and amortization expense. expressed as a percentage of revenues, depreciation and amortization expense decreased to 1.9% during the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to 2.2% in 2021.
discussion of depreciation and amortization expense from 2021 as compared to 2020 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
interest and other income/(loss), net interest and other income/(loss), net includes interest earned on cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and employee loans, gains and losses from certain financial instruments, interest expense related to our borrowings, government grant income, and changes in the fair value of contingent consideration. interest and other income/(loss), net increased from a loss of $1.7 million during the year ended december 31, 2021 to a gain of $10.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2022. this change was largely driven by a $6.5 million increase in government grant income and an increase in interest income from our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, partially offset by a $2.3 million increase in loss due to the change in fair value of contingent consideration, $0.8 million charge related to the impairment of an investment and a $1.3 million charge related to the impairment of a financial asset in ukraine recorded during the year ended december 31, 2022.
discussion of interest and other income/(loss) from 2021 as compared to 2020 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
provision for income taxes determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, deferred income tax assets and liabilities and any potential related valuation allowances involves judgment. we consider factors that may contribute, favorably or unfavorably, to the overall annual effective tax rate in the current year as well as the future. these factors include statutory tax rates and tax law changes in the countries where we operate and excess tax benefits upon vesting or exercise of equity awards as well as consideration of any significant or unusual items.
35
table of contents as a global company, we are required to calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. during 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had $428.7 million, $404.9 million and $278.1 million, respectively, in income before provision for income taxes attributed to our foreign jurisdictions. changes in the geographic mix or level of annual pre-tax income can also affect our overall effective income tax rate.
our provision for income taxes includes the impact of provisions established for uncertain income tax positions, as well as the related net interest and penalty expense. tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period to resolve. although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, we cannot provide assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from our current estimates. we adjust these reserves after consideration of changes in facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, statute of limitation lapse or the refinement of an estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
the provision for income taxes was $87.8 million in 2022 and $51.7 million in 2021. the increase was primarily driven by a significant decrease in excess tax benefits recorded upon vesting or exercise of stock-based awards which were $35.1 million in 2022 compared to $71.6 million in 2021. the effective tax rate increased from 9.7% in 2021 to 17.3% in 2022 primarily due to the decrease in excess tax benefits recorded upon vesting or exercise of stock-based awards and tax charges in 2022 resulting from changes to certain u.s. tax regulations, partially offset by one-time tax benefits in 2022 resulting from the company's decision to change the tax status and to classify certain of its foreign subsidiaries as disregarded entities for u.s. income tax purposes.
discussion of the provision for income taxes from 2021 as compared to 2020 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
foreign exchange loss for discussion of the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - foreign exchange risk."
results by business segment our operations consist of three reportable segments: north america, europe, and russia. the segments represent components of epam for which separate financial information is available and used on a regular basis by our chief executive officer, who is also our chief operating decision maker ("codm"), to determine how to allocate resources and evaluate performance. our codm makes business decisions based on segment revenues and segment operating profits. segment operating profit is defined as income from operations before unallocated costs. expenses included in segment operating profit consist principally of direct selling and delivery costs as well as an allocation of certain shared services expenses. certain corporate expenses are not allocated to specific segments as these expenses are not controllable at the segment level. such expenses include certain types of professional fees, certain taxes included in operating expenses, compensation to non-employee directors and certain other general and administrative expenses, including compensation of specific groups of non-production employees. in addition, the company does not allocate stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, goodwill and other asset impairment charges, acquisition-related costs and certain other one-time charges and benefits. these unallocated amounts are combined with total segment operating profit to arrive at consolidated income from operations.
we manage our business primarily based on the managerial responsibility for the client base and market. as managerial responsibility for a particular customer relationship generally correlates with the customer's geographic location, there is a high degree of similarity between customer locations and the geographic boundaries of our reportable segments. in some cases, managerial responsibility for a particular customer is assigned to a management team in another region and is usually based on the strength of the relationship between customer executives and particular members of epam's senior management team. in such cases, the customer's activity would be reported through the respective management team member's reportable segment. our europe segment includes our business in the apac region, which is managed by the same management team.
36
table of contents segment revenues from external customers and segment operating profit, before unallocated expenses, for the north america, europe and russia segments for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                       2021                            2020
(in thousands)
segment revenues:
north america                             $2,898,554                      $2,242,248                      $1,601,820
europe                                     1,853,056                       1,350,484                         947,305
russia                                        73,088                         165,412                         110,353
total segment revenues                    $4,824,698                      $3,758,144                      $2,659,478
segment operating profit/(loss):
north america                               $589,412                        $462,798                        $345,196
europe                                       223,276                         233,727                         152,902
russia                                      (13,460)                          32,547                           5,811
total segment operating profit              $799,228                        $729,072                        $503,909
north america segment during 2022, north america segment revenues increased $656.3 million, or 29.3%, over the previous year. revenues from our north america segment represented 60.1% of total segment revenues, an increase from 59.7% reported in the corresponding period of 2021. during 2022 as compared to 2021, north america segment operating profits increased $126.6 million, or 27.4%, to $589.4 million. expressed as a percentage of revenue, north america segment operating profit decreased to 20.3% in 2022 as compared to 20.6% in 2021. this decrease is primarily attributable to increased personnel-related costs in part attributable to supplementing delivery resources on certain projects with standby resources able to support projects if delivery resources impacted by the invasion of ukraine become unable to work and lower utilization, partially offset by a decrease in variable compensation expense as a percentage of segment revenues during 2022 compared to 2021.
the following table presents north america segment revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,                                                       change
2022                                                        2021                                                     dollars                    percentage industry vertical                                                                                                       (in thousands, except percentages)
software &amp; hi-tech                      $655,122                            $559,707                        $95,415                         17.0     %
financial services                           522,970                             361,611                        161,359                         44.6     %
travel &amp; consumer                        505,227                             359,306                        145,921                         40.6     %
business information &amp; media             467,664                             389,613                         78,051                         20.0     %
life sciences &amp; healthcare               454,102                             340,706                        113,396                         33.3     %
emerging verticals                           293,469                             231,305                         62,164                         26.9     %
revenues                                  $2,898,554                          $2,242,248                       $656,306                         29.3     %
software & hi-tech remained the largest industry vertical in the north america segment during the year ended december 31, 2022, growing 17.0% as compared to the prior year, which was a result of the continued focus on engaging with our technology customers. financial services grew 44.6% in 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to growth in a group of wealth management customers and growth from insurance customers added in the last 18 months. travel and consumer grew 40.6% during 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to growth from retail customers. during the year ended december 31, 2022, revenues from the business information & media vertical experienced growth of 20.0% and largely benefited from growth from existing customers in our top 20 customers. life sciences & healthcare grew 33.3% during 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to growth from an existing customer in our top 20 customers and growth from customers added in the last 24 months. emerging verticals experienced 26.9% growth during 2022 compared to the prior year largely due to an increase in services provided to several customers in various industries in the group.
37
table of contents europe segment during 2022, europe segment revenues were $1,853.1 million, reflecting an increase of $502.6 million, or 37.2%, from last year. acquisitions contributed $166.3 million to europe segment revenues during 2022. revenues were negatively impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates during 2022. had our europe segment revenues been expressed in constant currency terms using the exchange rates in effect during 2021, we would have reported revenue growth of 47.3%. revenues from our europe segment represent 38.4% and 35.9% of total segment revenues during 2022 and 2021, respectively. during 2022, this segment's operating profits decreased $10.5 million, or 4.5% as compared to last year, to $223.3 million. europe's operating profit represented 12.0% of europe segment revenues as compared to 17.3% in 2021. europe's segment operating profit was negatively impacted by changes in foreign currency exchanges rates, increased personnel-related costs partially attributable to supplementing delivery resources on certain projects with standby resources able to support projects if delivery resources impacted by the invasion of ukraine become unable to work, lower utilization during 2022 compared to 2021, and lower profit margins from businesses acquired in the prior year, partially offset by a decrease in variable compensation expense as a percentage of segment revenues during 2022 compared to 2021.
the following table presents europe segment revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,                                                       change
2022                                                        2021                                                     dollars                    percentage industry vertical                                                                                                       (in thousands, except percentages)
travel &amp; consumer                       $571,437                            $354,041                       $217,396                         61.4     %
financial services                           460,858                             372,394                         88,464                         23.8     %
business information &amp; media             341,344                             275,502                         65,842                         23.9     %
software &amp; hi-tech                       136,273                             102,270                         34,003                         33.2     %
life sciences &amp; healthcare                52,465                              49,900                          2,565                          5.1     %
emerging verticals                           290,679                             196,377                         94,302                         48.0     %
revenues                                  $1,853,056                          $1,350,484                       $502,572                         37.2     %
travel & consumer became the largest industry vertical in the europe segment during the year ended december 31, 2022. the europe segment benefited from 61.4% growth in travel & consumer during the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to increased demand from customers in the retail and distribution industries and revenues from acquisitions which contributed $89.4 million to revenue growth during 2022. during the year ended december 31, 2022, revenues in financial services experienced 23.8% growth primarily driven by increased revenues from commercial and investment banking customers and revenues from recent acquisitions which contributed $18.3 million to revenue growth during 2022. for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to 2021, business information & media vertical growth was largely attributable to the expansion of services provided to one of our top 5 customers compared to the prior year. revenue growth in software & hi-tech during the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 was attributable to the expansion of services provided to one of our top 20 customers as well as growth in customers outside of our top 100 customers. revenues in emerging verticals experienced higher growth primarily attributable to growth in existing customers in the energy and automotive industries, a new customer that we added in 2022 as well as revenues from recent acquisitions which contributed $32.3 million to revenue growth during 2022.
russia segment during 2022, revenues from our russia segment decreased $92.3 million relative to 2021 and represent 1.5% of total segment revenues during 2022 compared with 4.4% in 2021. the decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to decreased operations in russia as we proceed with the phased exit from russia while discontinuing services to customers there. operating loss of our russia segment was $13.5 million in 2022 compared to operating profit of $32.5 million in 2021. this decrease was largely driven by discontinuance of services to certain customers in russia which led to reduced revenues, increased bad debt expense, and expenses incurred for services provided to those customers for which revenue was not recognized as collectability was not considered probable after announcing the discontinuance of services to customers in russia.
38
table of contents the following table presents russia segment revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,               change
2022                                                    2021                                          dollars                             percentage industry vertical                                                                                                 (in thousands, except percentages)
financial services                       $42,858                          $114,365                    $(71,507)                         (62.5)     %
travel &amp; consumer                     15,560                            27,781                    (12,221)                          (44.0)     %
software &amp; hi-tech                     1,866                             2,620                    (754)                             (28.8)     %
business information &amp; media             944                             1,826                    (882)                             (48.3)     %
life sciences &amp; healthcare               800        703                               97                             13.8                      %
emerging verticals                        11,060                            18,117                    (7,057)                           (39.0)     %
revenues                                 $73,088                          $165,412                    $(92,324)                         (55.8)     %
revenues in the russia segment are generally subject to fluctuations and are impacted by the timing of revenue recognition associated with the execution of contracts and the fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rate of the russian ruble to the u.s. dollar. on march 4, 2022, epam announced that it will discontinue services to customers located in russia and will provide transition support for the customers in this market. on april 7, 2022, the company announced that it would begin the process of a phased exit of its operations in russia and on september 7, 2022, the company executed an agreement to sell substantially all of its remaining holdings in russia to a third party. as of december 31, 2022 and through the date of issuing this annual report, the long stop date of the agreement has passed and the company is currently renegotiating the terms of that sale agreement as well as exploring other strategic alternatives. the timing and completion of a sale is uncertain and any sale would be subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals by the russian government. as a result, the revenues from this segment are expected to dissipate in the future. see note 2 "impact of the invasion of ukraine" for more information regarding the company's decisions to exit its operations in russia.
discussion of segment results from 2021 as compared to 2020 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
effects of inflation economies in many countries where we operate have periodically experienced high rates of inflation, including during 2022. periods of higher inflation may affect various economic sectors in those countries and increase our cost of doing business there. we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition to date. we continue to track the impact of inflation, particularly on wages, while attempting to minimize its effects through pricing and cost management strategies. a higher-than-normal rate of inflation in the future could adversely affect our operations and financial condition.
liquidity and capital resources capital resources our cash generated from operations has been our primary source of liquidity to fund operations and investments to support the growth of our business. as of december 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents totaling $1.681 billion, short-term investments totaling $60.3 million as well as $675.0 million of available borrowings under our revolving credit facility. see note 10 "debt" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding the terms of our revolving credit facility and information about debt.
39
table of contents cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                     2021                                2020
(in thousands)
consolidated statements of cash flow data:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                $464,104                            $572,327                            $544,407
net cash used in investing activities                                                   (182,927)                           (368,924)                           (167,154)
net cash used in financing activities                                                     (2,021)                            (59,557)                               (765)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash            (44,867)                            (18,032)                               9,357
net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                               $234,289                            $125,814                            $385,845
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period                         1,449,347                           1,323,533                             937,688
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period                              $1,683,636                          $1,449,347                          $1,323,533
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2022 decreased $108.2 million, or 18.9%, to $464.1 million, as compared to 2021. this decrease was largely driven by an increase in days sales outstanding during 2022, higher level of variable compensation payments made in 2022 based on 2021 performance, and cash outflows related to epam's humanitarian support efforts in ukraine and geographic repositioning.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2022 was $182.9 million compared to $368.9 million used in the same period in 2021. the cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to $81.6 million used for capital expenditures and an investment of $60.0 million in time deposits in 2022 compared to cash used for capital expenditures of $111.5 million partially offset by the maturity of $60.0 million of time deposits during 2021. additionally, during 2022 the cash used for the acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired was $10.6 million compared to $315.0 million used for the acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired, during 2021.
financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was $2.0 million, compared to $59.6 million net cash used in financing activities in 2021. during 2022, we received cash from the exercises of stock options issued under our long-term incentive plans and proceeds from the purchases of shares under our espp of $50.7 million, compared to $26.3 million received in the corresponding period of 2021. these cash inflows were offset by cash used for the payments of withholding taxes related to net share settlements of restricted stock units of $26.6 million in 2022, compared to $41.6 million paid in 2021, and net cash repayments of debt of $13.8 million in 2022, compared to net borrowings of $0.1 million in 2021. additionally, the year ended december 31, 2022 included payments of $6.6 million attributable to the acquisition-date fair value of contingent consideration compared to payments of $40.2 million attributable to acquisition-date fair value of contingent consideration during the year ended december 31, 2021.
discussion of the comparison of the cash flows between 2021 and 2020 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
future capital requirements we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, combined with our expected cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our projected operating and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months and that we possess the financial flexibility to execute our strategic objectives, including the ability to make acquisitions and strategic investments in the foreseeable future. however, the invasion of ukraine, covid-19 and the consequences and related measures to contain their impact have caused material disruptions in both national and global financial markets and economies. the future impact of the invasion of ukraine and covid-19 and responsive measures cannot be predicted with certainty and may increase our borrowing costs and other costs of capital and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
40
table of contents our ability to expand and grow our business in accordance with current plans and to meet our long-term capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate at which our cash flows increase or decrease and the availability of public and private debt and equity financing. we may require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. our ability to generate cash is subject to our performance, general economic conditions, industry trends and other factors including the impact of the invasion of ukraine and covid-19 pandemic, each as described elsewhere in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. to the extent that existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and operating cash flows are insufficient to fund our future activities and requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. if we issue equity securities in order to raise additional funds, substantial dilution to existing stockholders may occur. if we raise cash through the issuance of additional indebtedness, we may be subject to additional contractual restrictions on our business. there is no assurance that we would be able to raise additional funds on favorable terms or at all.
see note 9 "leases", note 10 "debt", note 16 "commitments and contingencies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding our various contractual obligations and capital expenditure requirements.
off-balance sheet commitments and arrangements we do not have any material obligations under guarantee contracts or other contractual arrangements other than as disclosed in note 16 "commitments and contingencies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k. we have not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities where we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk support to us, or engages in leasing, hedging, or research and development services with us.
