item 1a.    risk factors.
in evaluating our business, the material risks described below, as well as other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k and in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission should be considered carefully. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. the occurrence of any of these events or circumstances could individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flow or results of operations. this report contains forward-looking statements. please refer to the cautionary statements made under the heading "special note regarding forward-looking statements" for more information on the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements.
strategic risks related to our business our business will suffer if we are not successful in executing our blueprint 2.0 strategy and transformation initiatives.
our blueprint 2.0 strategy focuses on fewer and bigger brands that we believe have the largest potential, while emphasizing bottom-line growth, operational discipline, enhanced focus on our fans and commitment to shareholder return. to support our strategy, in mid-2022, we formed the hasbro transformation office ("hto"), a team of leaders dedicated to designing and running a simple, efficient and effective business aligned with our blueprint 2.0 strategy. the hto is supporting our operational excellence program to deliver $250-$300 million in annual run-rate cost savings by year-end 2025. there are no assurances that we will achieve these cost savings.
failure to execute our strategic plan and transformation initiatives may harm our business. our ability to successfully implement and execute these plans and initiatives in a timely basis, if at all, is dependent on many factors, including, among other things:
•our ability to successfully innovate, design, develop, price, commercialize and grow a select group of brands across our blueprint 2.0 to global consumers in a wide array of markets;
•our ability to successfully grow our digital gaming and direct-to-consumer businesses;
•our ability to obtain and analyze data and insights from consumers to enable us to make informed decisions about priorities and consumer preferences;
•our ability to gain market share in focus categories: action figures & accessories; arts & crafts; games; outdoor & sports; preschool toys;
•our ability to simplify our supply chain logistics and manage inventory;
•the ability of our workforce to focus and execute on priority transformational projects across the business;
•the attraction and retention of key personnel with core skills and competencies in the areas of focus, including in tabletop and digital gaming, consumer products and entertainment focused on hasbro ip;
•our ability to successfully license, divest, sell, or otherwise cease certain parts of the business that are not as profitable as other areas or are not core to the business, such as certain film and television assets of eone; and
•the other risks identified in this report.
consumer interests change rapidly and acceptance of products and entertainment offerings are influenced by outside factors, making it difficult to design and develop products, play patterns and entertainment offerings which are and will continue to be popular with children, families and audiences.
the interests of children, families, fans and audiences evolve quickly and can change dramatically from year to year and by geography. to be successful, we must correctly anticipate the types of products (including toys, games, collectibles and technologically advanced and digital games), play patterns and entertainment which will capture consumers' interests and imagination, and quickly develop and introduce innovative products and engaging entertainment which can compete successfully for consumers' limited time, attention and spending. although we utilize our brand insights platform to gather data and analytics to help us make informed decisions, it is very difficult to predict consumer acceptance with certainty due to, among other things, the ever-increasing utilization of technology at younger and younger ages, social media and digital media in entertainment offerings, and the increasing breadth of entertainment available to consumers. evolving consumer tastes and shifting interests, coupled with an ever-changing and expanding pipeline of entertainment and consumer properties and products which compete for consumer interest and acceptance, create an environment in which some products and entertainment offerings can fail to achieve consumer acceptance, and other products and entertainment offerings can be popular during a certain period of time but then be rapidly replaced. as a result, our products and entertainment offerings can have short consumer life cycles.
consumer acceptance of our or our partners' entertainment offerings is also affected by outside factors, such as critical reviews, promotions, the quality and acceptance of films and television programs and content released into the marketplace at or near the same time, the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions and public tastes generally, all of which could change rapidly and most of which are beyond our control. there can be no assurance that television programs and films we produce or distribute will obtain favorable reviews or ratings, that films we produce or distribute will be popular with consumers and perform well at the box office or in other distribution channels, or that broadcasters will license the rights to broadcast any of our television programs in development or renew licenses to broadcast programs in our library.
if we devote time and resources to developing and marketing products or entertainment that consumers do not accept, do not find interesting enough to buy in sufficient quantities to be profitable to us or do not purchase due to the pricing of a product, our revenues and profits may decline and our business performance may be harmed. similarly, if our product offerings and entertainment fail to correctly anticipate consumer interests, our revenues and earnings will be reduced.
our business will suffer if we are unable to develop digital and technologically advanced and innovative products.
a key component to the success of our blueprint 2.0 strategy is to continue to innovate, develop and invest in digital gaming and technologically advanced and innovative products, particularly through our wizards of the coast and digital gaming business. we have invested substantially in this business segment and as a result it has seen significant growth over the past several years, and while primarily through growth in tabletop play, continued digital game development is a key growth factor for the future. if we are unable to continue to grow this business and ensure its integration with our other business segments, our business may be harmed. the digital gaming industry is highly competitive, including for talent, and costs associated with designing, developing and producing digital games and technologically advanced or sophisticated products tend to be higher than for many of our other more traditional products, such as board and trading card games and action figures, with no assurance of success. as a result, we face increased risk of not achieving sales sufficient to recover our costs and we may lose money on the development and sale of these products. additionally, designing, developing and producing digital and technologically advanced or innovative products often relies on third parties and requires different competencies and follows different timelines than traditional toys and games. delays in the design, development or production of our products could have a significant impact on our success. in addition, the pace of change in product offerings and consumer tastes in the electronics and digital gaming areas is potentially even greater than for our other products. if a digital game fails to gain consumer acceptance early in its life cycle, there are limited opportunities to gain such acceptance through secondary launches or distribution through alternative platforms. this pace of change or lack of consumer acceptance means that the window in which a digital gaming product can achieve and maintain consumer interest may be even shorter than traditional toys and games.
if we fail to respond to or capitalize on the rapid technological development in the entertainment industry, including changes in entertainment delivery formats, our business could be harmed.
the entertainment industry continues to experience frequent change driven by technological development and audience viewing preferences, including developments with respect to the formats through which films, television programming, and other episodic content are delivered to consumers. with rapid technological changes and dramatically expanded digital content offerings, the scale and scope of these changes have accelerated in recent years. for example, consumers are continuing to increase their access to television, film and other episodic content on streaming and digital content networks, such as netflix, amazon prime video, hulu, disney+, apple tv+ and paramount + to name a few. similarly, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, some film releases continue to go direct to streaming channels as opposed to theaters or at the same time as theaters or have gone to streaming channels after only a short period of time in the theaters. technological as well as other changes caused by the pandemic have caused significant disruption to the retail distribution of entertainment offerings and have caused, and could in the future cause, a negative impact on sales of our products and other forms of monetization of content, especially those which are reliant on box office success. we may lose opportunities to capitalize on changing market dynamics, technological innovations or consumer tastes if we do not adapt our content offerings or distribution capabilities in a timely manner. the overall effect that technological development and new digital distribution platforms have on the revenue and profits we derive from our entertainment content, including from merchandise sales derived from such content, and the additional costs associated with changing markets, media platforms and technologies, is unpredictable. if we fail to accurately assess and effectively respond to changes in technology and consumer behavior in the entertainment industry, our business may be harmed.
the industries in which we compete are highly competitive. if we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors, our revenues, market share and profitability could decline.
the play and entertainment industries are highly competitive. we compete in the u.s. and internationally with a wide array of large and small manufacturers, marketers, and sellers of toys and games, products which combine traditional and digital play, digital gaming products, and other entertainment and consumer products, as well as with retailers who offer such products under their own private labels often at lower prices. in addition, we compete with companies focused on building their brands across multiple product and consumer categories, including through entertainment offerings. across our business, we face competitors who are constantly monitoring and attempting to anticipate consumer tastes and trends, seeking ideas which will appeal to consumers, and introducing new products that compete with our products for consumer acceptance and purchase.
in addition to existing competitors, the barriers to entry for new participants in the play and entertainment industry are low, and the increasing importance of digital media and the heightened connection between digital media and consumer interest, has further increased the ability for new participants to enter our markets, and has broadened the array of companies we compete with. new participants with a popular product idea or entertainment property can gain access to consumers and become a significant source of competition for our products in a very short period of time. these existing and new competitors may be able to respond more rapidly than us to changes in consumer preferences or may design products that are more desirable than ours. our competitors' products may achieve greater market acceptance than our products and potentially reduce demand for our products, lower our revenues and lower our profitability.
our entertainment business faces global competition from major film studios and television production companies as well as other independent distributors and independent content producers. many of these competitors release a large number of films annually and command a significant share of box office revenues, streaming revenues, and television airtime, as well as other independent film and television production or distribution companies. some of these competitors have substantially greater marketing and financial resources than we do and may be able to compete aggressively on pricing in order to increase box office or streaming revenues, obtain distribution rights and obtain television airtime. in addition, the resources of the major studios may give them an advantage in acquiring other businesses or assets, including content libraries, that we might also be interested in acquiring. the competition we face may cause us to lose market share, achieve lower prices for our productions or pay more for third‐party content, any of which could harm our business.
we may not realize the full benefit of our licenses if the licensed material has less market appeal than expected or if revenue from the licensed products is not sufficient to earn out the minimum guaranteed royalties.
the success of entertainment properties for which we have a license, such as licenses we have with the walt disney company, and the ability of us to successfully market and sell related products, can significantly affect our revenues and profitability. in some cases, we may only obtain an exclusive license for certain aspects of an ip or for certain territories, which means that some of our competitors also have the right to use the same ip for other categories or in different territories. if we produce a line of products based on a movie or television series, the success of the movie or series has a critical impact on the level of consumer interest in the associated products we are offering. in addition, competition in our industry for access to entertainment properties can lessen our ability to secure, maintain, and renew popular licenses to entertainment products on beneficial terms, if at all, and to attract and retain the talented employees necessary to design, develop and market successful products based on these properties.
the license agreements we enter to obtain these rights usually require us to pay minimum royalty guarantees that may be substantial, and in some cases may be greater than what we are ultimately able to recoup from actual sales, which could result in write-offs which, in turn, would harm our results of operations. acquiring or renewing licenses may require the payment of minimum guaranteed royalties that we consider to be too high to be profitable, which may result in losing licenses that we currently hold when they become available for renewal, or not pursuing certain new licenses. additionally, as a licensee of entertainment-based properties, we cannot guarantee that a particular property or brand will translate into successful toy, game or other family entertainment products, and underperformance of any such products may result in reduced revenues and operating profit for us.
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, dispositions or investments in joint ventures, or those benefits may be delayed or reduced in their realization.
we cannot be certain that the products and offerings of companies we may acquire, or acquire an interest in, will achieve or maintain popularity with consumers in the future or that any such acquired companies or investments will allow us to more effectively market our products, develop our competencies or grow our business. in some cases, we expect that the integration of the companies that we may acquire into our operations will create production, marketing and other operating, revenue or cost synergies which will produce greater revenue growth and profitability and, where applicable, cost savings, operating efficiencies and other advantages. however, we cannot be certain that these synergies, efficiencies and cost savings will be realized. even if achieved, these benefits may be delayed, reduced or short-lived in their realization. in other cases, we may acquire or invest in companies that we believe have strong and creative management, in which case we may plan to operate them more autonomously rather than fully integrating them into our operations. we cannot be certain that the key talented individuals at these companies would continue to work for us after the acquisition or that they would develop popular and profitable products, entertainment or services in the future. acquisitions of businesses and brands could also be adversely affected by changes in our business strategy. with our blueprint 2.0 strategy, we may seek to sell, license or otherwise dispose of certain non-core assets, such as certain film and television assets. we may not achieve a successful sale, license or disposition of non-core assets. additionally, we cannot guarantee that any acquisition, disposition or investment we may make will be successful or beneficial, and acquisitions, dispositions and investments can consume significant amounts of management attention and other resources, which may negatively impact other aspects of our business.
operational risks related to our business if we are not successful in transforming our supply chain operations, our business may be harmed.
as part of our transformation efforts, we are in the process of optimizing our supply chain by improving our systems and sourcing to enable efficient product deployment, enhance product quality and safety, drive efficiency in transportation and our fulfilment centers, and strengthen our direct-to-consumer operations. this is a long-term project, with no assurance that we will achieve the anticipated efficiencies and benefits from such efforts. if the transformation of our supply chain operations is not successful, our business may be harmed. further we may not achieve our anticipated cost savings, and we may face costly inefficiencies or other supply chain disruptions.
an inability to develop, introduce and ship planned products, product lines and new brands in a timely and cost-effective manner may damage our business.
in developing products, product lines and new brands we have anticipated dates for the associated product and brand introductions. when we state that we will introduce, or anticipate introducing, a particular product, product line or brand at a certain time in the future those expectations are based on completing the associated development, implementation, and marketing work in accordance with our currently anticipated development schedule. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to manufacture, source and ship new or continuing products in a timely manner and on a cost-effective basis to meet constantly changing consumer demands. this risk is heightened by our customers' compressed shipping schedules and the seasonality of our business.
the risk is also exacerbated by the increasing sophistication of many of the brands and products we are designing and developing in terms of combining digital and traditional technologies, and providing greater innovation and product differentiation. unforeseen delays or difficulties in the development process, significant increases in the planned cost of development, or changes in anticipated consumer demand for our products and new brands may cause the introduction date for products to be later than anticipated, may reduce or eliminate the profitability of such products, result in excess inventory, or, in some situations, may cause a product or new brand introduction to be discontinued.
if we are unable to navigate through global supply chain challenges, our business may be harmed.
during the past couple of years, we have faced global supply chain challenges with the production and delivery of some products being delayed due to logistics, including labor, trucking and container shortages, port congestion and other shipping disruptions. we have experienced increases in material costs and shortages for some of our products, due in part to higher wages being paid due to labor shortages in china and vietnam, as well as periodic and unpredictable manufacturing shut-downs or slow-downs due to covid-19. while we have taken actions to lessen the impact of these supply chain challenges, such as through the use of alternative ports and air freight, and accelerating inventory purchases in certain cases to ensure product availability for customers, such actions have resulted in higher costs and there can be no assurance that the actions taken will be effective. we have also increased prices in some cases to help offset increased costs. we can provide no assurance that we will be able to increase prices in the future and we cannot assure that price increases we have already taken, will offset the entirety of additional costs we have incurred, and may incur in the future to mitigate the supply chain disruption. further, if we are unable to negotiate favorable carrier agreements, deliver products on time or otherwise satisfy demand for our products, our business may be harmed.
if we are unable to adapt our business to the continued shift to ecommerce and direct-to-consumer, our business may be harmed.
our ecommerce business, including through our direct-to-consumer ecommerce, fan-based platform pulse, is accounting for a higher portion of the ultimate sales of our products to consumers than it has historically. in recent years, the increase in ecommerce sales has resulted in retailers holding less inventory, which has caused us to adjust our supply chain. if our technology and systems used to support ecommerce order processing, including through pulse, are not effective, our ability to deliver products on time on a cost-effective basis may be adversely affected. failure to continue to adapt our systems and supply chain and successfully fulfill ecommerce sales could harm our business. in 2022, ecommerce sales were adversely affected as more customers increased their willingness to shop in brick and mortar stores.
the concentration of our retail customer base and continued shift to ecommerce sales means that economic difficulties or changes in the purchasing or promotional policies or patterns of our major customers could have a significant impact on us.
we depend upon a relatively small retail customer base to sell the majority of our products. for the fiscal year ended december 25, 2022, walmart, inc. and amazon.com, inc. accounted for approximately 11% and 10%, respectively, of our consolidated net revenues. similarly, sales of certain products of our wizards business depend in part on the success of specialty hobby stores. due to our customer concentration and customer base, if one or more of our major customers or specialty hobby stores were to experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us, cease doing business with us, significantly reduce the amount of their purchases from us, favor competitors or new entrants, increase their direct competition with us by expanding their private-label business, change their purchasing patterns, impose unexpected fees on us, alter the manner in which they promote our products or the resources they devote to promoting and selling our products, or return substantial amounts of our products, our business may be harmed.
our customers do not make binding long-term commitments to us regarding purchase volumes and make all purchases by delivering purchase orders. any customer could reduce its overall purchase of our products and reduce the number and variety of our products that it carries and the shelf space allotted for our products. in addition, increased concentration among our customers could negatively impact our ability to negotiate higher sales prices for our products and could result in lower gross margins than would otherwise be obtained if there were less consolidation among our customers. furthermore, as we experienced with the bankruptcy of certain of our retailers in the past, the failure or lack of success of a significant retail customer could negatively impact our revenues and profitability.
our substantial business, sales and manufacturing operations outside the u.s. subject us to risks associated with international operations.
we operate facilities and sell products and entertainment offerings in numerous countries outside the u.s. additionally, we utilize third-party manufacturers primarily located in the far east, including china, vietnam and india, to produce most of our products. these international operations, including operations in emerging markets, have unique consumer preferences and business climates, present additional challenges and are subject to risks that may significantly harm our sales, increase our costs or otherwise damage our business, including:
•currency conversion risks and currency fluctuations;
•the imposition of tariffs, quotas, border adjustment taxes or other protectionist measures;
•potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross-border transactions, which can materially increase our taxes and other costs of doing business;
•political instability, civil unrest and economic instability, such as has been experienced between russia and ukraine, which has resulted in a suspension of our business activities in russia;
•greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting such rights;
•complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws and regulations and related enforcement, as such laws and policies relate to our products and approval of entertainment;
•difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be quite different from the u.s.;
•natural disasters and the greater difficulty and cost in recovering therefrom;
•difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes, labor shortages and other events causing transportation delays and interruptions;
•increased investment and operational complexity to make our products compatible with systems in various countries and compliant with local laws; and
•changes in international labor costs and other costs of doing business internationally.
because of the importance of international sales, sourcing and manufacturing to our business, our financial condition and results of operations could be significantly harmed if any of the risks described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our increasing global business and operating in an environment with these risks.
our reliance on third-party manufacturers to produce our products, particularly in china, the u.s., vietnam and india, presents risks to our business.
all our products are manufactured by third-party manufacturers, the majority of which are in china, with a significant amount of our product sourcing also coming from manufacturers the u.s., vietnam and a lesser amount from india. should changes be necessary, our external sources of manufacturing can be shifted, over a significant period of time, to alternative sources of supply. if we were prevented or delayed in obtaining products or components for a material portion of our product lines due to economic, political, civil, labor or other factors beyond our control, including work stoppages, slowdowns or strikes, natural disasters, adverse health conditions or pandemics, our ability to manufacture would be adversely affected and our operations may be substantially disrupted, potentially for a significant period of time. this delay could significantly reduce our revenues and profitability and harm our business while alternative sources of supply are secured.
given that our toy and game manufacturing is conducted by third-party manufacturers, health conditions, such as the coronavirus, and other factors affecting social and economic activity where our manufacturers are located may affect the movement of people and products into and from those locations to our major markets, including north america and europe. further, increases in the costs of labor and other costs of doing business in markets where we manufacture, could also have a significant negative impact on our operations, revenues and earnings. prolonged disputes or slowdowns at west coast or other ports can negatively impact both the time and cost of transporting goods into the u.s. natural disasters or health pandemics, such as covid-19, impacting our manufacturers had and can have a significant negative impact on our business.
further, the imposition of tariffs, border adjustment taxes, trade sanctions or other regulations or economic penalties by the u.s. or the european union against products imported by us from china or other foreign countries, or the loss of "normal trade relations" status with china or other foreign countries in which we operate, could significantly increase our cost of products imported into the u.s. or europe, shift more orders from direct import to domestic sales, put additional shipping and warehousing burdens on us, delay the time of our sales to retailers, result in lost sales, and otherwise harm our business. additionally, the suspension of the operations of a third-party manufacturer by government inspectors in china or another market in which we source products could result in delays to us in obtaining product and may harm sales.
we have been working over the last several years to reduce our reliance on manufacturing in china, such as by moving production of certain products to facilities in other countries like vietnam, india and mexico, as well as by increasing production of our products in other markets, including in the u.s. we plan to continue those efforts in future years, but cannot guarantee we will be as successful in these efforts as we plan. furthermore, many of these newer production facilities, such as in vietnam and india, raise other risks in that we are working with vendors who have not been manufacturing products like ours for as long as historical vendors in china. that means these new vendors must successfully develop the capability to manufacture our products to the quality and safety standards we require and within the tight timeframe required by our customers. newer and less experienced vendors are more susceptible to product quality, logistics and other issues, due in part to their less mature infrastructure or unfamiliarity with our product standards.
we require our third-party manufacturers to comply with our global business ethics principles, which are designed to prevent products manufactured for us from being produced under inhumane or exploitive conditions. notwithstanding these requirements and our monitoring and testing of compliance with them, there is always a risk that one or more of our third-party manufacturers will not comply with our requirements and that we will not immediately discover such non-compliance. any failure of our third-party manufacturers to comply with labor, consumer, product safety or other applicable requirements in manufacturing products for us could result in damage to our reputation, harm sales of our products and potentially create liability for us.
our dependence on third-party relationships with studios, content producers and distribution channels to develop and distribute digital games and entertainment content is critical to our business.
we rely on third party relationships with studios, content producers and distribution channels to develop and distribute certain digital games and entertainment content. our financial performance may be adversely affected by our relationships with these studios, content producers and distribution channels. some of our content producers and digital gaming developers are affiliates of major studios that develop their own content or games. some have their own distribution capability in the markets in which we operate, and some may decide, or be required by their respective parent companies, to use their intra‐company distribution or content production capabilities rather than contracting with us. our business may be harmed if the studios, content producers and distribution channels with which we work stop or reduce the amount of work they do with us or otherwise demand less favorable terms to us.
we have entered into long-term output licensing agreements for the acquisition of content and these agreements may not be renewed on favorable terms or at all.
in some cases, we have entered into long-term agreements to acquire films with producers. these agreements require us to pay for films released by the relevant studio at rates typically calculated by reference to the film's budget. in addition, we have entered into long term contracts for the acquisition of certain of our television programs. as these contracts expire, we may choose to renew, renegotiate or terminate them. these arrangements are also terminable by the counterparty under certain circumstances. if we are unable to renew or replace them on acceptable terms, we may not be able to replace this content with other film acquisitions. even if these contracts are renewed or replaced, the terms on which we acquire content may be less favorable than the terms of our current agreements and the financial success or quantity of films and television programs we acquire through these long-term contracts may decrease. there can also be no assurance that revenues based on these long-term contracts will exceed the costs of acquiring the films or television programs.
our success is dependent on the efforts and dedication of our officers and other employees.
our officers and employees are at the heart of all our efforts. it is their skill, innovation and hard work that drive our success. we compete with many other potential employers in recruiting, hiring and retaining our management team and our many other skilled officers and employees around the world. in the digital gaming and entertainment industries, experienced personnel and top creative talent are in high demand and competition for their talent is intense. the increasing prevalence of remote and hybrid work creates further challenges in retaining employees as some employees desire more flexibility in their employment and the ability to work remotely or hybrid opens up more employment opportunities. additionally, as we continue to transform our business to execute on our blueprint 2.0 strategy, we have reduced our headcount and may otherwise lose employees due to our decision to eliminate or reduce the amount of work performed relative to non-core aspects our business. the impact of reductions in force or failing to retain key employees can be high due to increased risk of loss of important information, key knowledge and relationships, loss of creative talent, lost productivity, hiring and training costs, all of which could result in lower profitability or otherwise harm the business. we cannot guarantee that we will recruit, hire or retain the key personnel we need to succeed.
we have experienced significant changes in our leadership in a relatively short period of time. this includes the appointments of our new chief executive officer, president of wizards of the coast and digital gaming, global supply chain officer, chief commercial officer, chief people officer and chief transformation officer, as well as the expected change in chief financial officer following the upcoming retirement of deborah thomas, our current chief financial officer, and the departure of our president and chief operating officer. our future success will depend on the leadership of our key executives and their ability to navigate the organization through our transformation efforts. our loss of key management or other key employees, inability to drive success through our new leaders, or our inability to retain or hire talented people with the skill sets we need for our diverse and changing business, could significantly harm our business.
if we fail to develop diverse top talent, we may be unable to compete and our business may be harmed.
we promote a diverse and inclusive work environment. to compete successfully, we must continuously develop a diverse group of talented people. to that end, we have set goals and objectives with respect to hiring and retention of talented, diverse employees, which we believe will foster new ideas and perspectives that will benefit our business. competition for diverse talent is intense. the recent restructuring changes in our business may make it more difficult to attract and retain diverse talent. we cannot guarantee we will achieve our goals or that our actions will result in expected benefits to our business.
our business may be harmed if we are unable to protect our critical intellectual property rights.
our intellectual property, including our trademarks and tradenames, copyrights, patents, and rights under our license agreements and other agreements that establish our intellectual property rights and maintain the confidentiality of our intellectual property, is of critical value. we rely on a combination of trade secret, copyright, trademark, patent and other proprietary rights laws to protect our rights to valuable intellectual property in the u.s. and around the world. from time to time, third parties have challenged, and may in the future try to challenge, our ownership of our intellectual property in the u.s. and around the world. in addition, our business is subject to the risk of third parties counterfeiting our products or infringing on our intellectual property rights, as well as the risk of unauthorized third parties copying and distributing our entertainment content or leaking portions of planned entertainment content. we may need to resort to litigation to protect our intellectual property rights, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. similarly, third parties may claim ownership over certain aspects of our products, productions or other intellectual property. our failure to successfully protect our intellectual property rights could significantly harm our business and competitive position.
failure to successfully operate our information systems and implement new technology effectively could disrupt our business or reduce our sales or profitability.
we rely extensively on various information technology systems and software applications to manage many aspects of our business, including product development, management of our supply chain, sale and delivery of our products, royalty and financial reporting and various other processes and transactions. as part of our transformation efforts, we are also upgrading some of our technology and systems. we are critically dependent on the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems and related back-up systems. these systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, malware and other cybersecurity breaches, catastrophic events such as hurricanes, fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, acts of war or terrorism and usage errors by our employees or partners. the efficient operation and successful growth of our business depends on these information systems, including our ability to operate them effectively and to select and implement appropriate upgrades or new technologies and systems and adequate disaster recovery systems successfully. the failure of our information systems or third-party hosted technology to perform as designed or our failure to implement and operate them effectively could disrupt our business, require significant capital investments to remediate a problem or subject us to liability.
if our electronic data is compromised our business could be significantly harmed.
we and our business partners maintain significant amounts of data electronically in locations around the world and in the cloud. this data relates to all aspects of our business, including current and future products and entertainment under development, and also contains certain customer, consumer, supplier, partner and employee data. we maintain systems and processes designed to protect this data, but notwithstanding such protective measures, there is a risk of intrusion, cyber-attacks or tampering that could compromise the integrity and privacy of this data. cyber-attacks continue to increase in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. they are often carried out by motivated, well-resourced, skilled and persistent actors, including nation states, organized crime groups, "hacktivists" and employees or contractors acting with malicious intent. cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware and key loggers, ransomware, a denial-of-service attack, a malicious website, the use of social engineering and other means to affect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our technology systems and data. cyber-attacks could also include supply chain attacks, which could cause a delay in the manufacturing of our products. in addition, we provide confidential and proprietary information to our third-party business partners in certain cases where doing so is necessary to conduct our business. while we obtain assurances from those parties that they have systems and processes in place to protect such data, and where applicable, that they will take steps to assure the protections of such data by third parties, those partners may also be subject to data intrusion or otherwise compromise the protection of such data. the risk of data loss or breaches is heightened during uncertain economic times, changes in business strategy and reductions in force. any compromise of the confidential data of our customers, consumers, suppliers, partners, employees or ourselves, or failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of or damage to this data through breach of our information technology systems or other means could substantially disrupt our operations, harm our customers, consumers, employees and other business partners, damage our reputation, violate applicable laws and regulations, subject us to potentially significant costs and liabilities and result in a loss of business that could be material.
global and economic risks relating to our business the global coronavirus outbreak or other similar outbreaks of communicable infections, diseases, or public health pandemics in the markets in which we and our employees, consumers, customers, partners, licensees, suppliers and manufacturers operate, could substantially harm our business.
the global outbreak of the coronavirus which continues to adversely impact global populations, and any other variants or outbreaks of communicable infections, diseases or other adverse public health conditions in markets in which we, our employees, consumers, customers, partners, licensees, licensors, suppliers and manufacturers operate, has had and could in the future have a significant negative impact on our business, revenues and profitability. the occurrence of these types of events can result, and in the case of the coronavirus has resulted in, disruptions and damage to our business, due to, among other things:
•difficulties in shipping and distributing products due to ongoing port capacity, and labor, shipping container and truck transportation shortages, resulting in higher costs for both ocean and air freight and delays in the availability of products, which can result in delayed sales and in some cases result in lost sales;
•disruptions in supply of products, due to closures or reductions in operations at third-party manufacturing facilities across several geographies including, but not limited to, china, vietnam, india, the united states and ireland;
•adverse sales impact due to changes in consumer purchasing behavior and availability of products to consumers;
•uncertain inventory availability or difficulty in anticipating demand, which can result in too little or too much supply at a given time;
•interruptions, delays or postponements of entertainment productions and releases; and
•challenges of working remotely.
the impact of coronavirus outbreak continues to be fluid and uncertain, and while vaccines have been rolled out, it is still difficult to forecast the final impact it could have on our future operations. if our business experiences prolonged occurrence of adverse public health conditions due to the coronavirus or other similar outbreaks, we believe our business could be substantially harmed.
inflation and other adverse economic conditions in the markets in which we and our employees, consumers, customers, suppliers and manufacturers operate could negatively impact our ability to produce and ship our products, and lower our revenues, margins and profitability.
various economic conditions in the markets we, our employees, consumers, customers, suppliers and manufacturers operate, could have a significant negative impact on our revenues, profitability and business. the occurrence of adverse economic conditions can result in manufacturing and other work stoppages, slowdowns and delays; shortages or delays in production or shipment of products or raw materials; delayed or reduced purchases from customers and consumers; and other factors that cause increases in costs or delay in revenues.
inflation, such as what consumers in the u.s. and other economies are experiencing, can cause significant increases in the costs of other products which are required by consumers, such as gasoline, home heating fuels, or groceries, may reduce household spending on the discretionary products and entertainment we offer. weakened economic conditions, lowered employment levels or recessions in any of our major markets may also significantly reduce consumer purchases of our products and spending on entertainment. economic conditions may also be negatively impacted by terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, natural disasters, increases in critical commodity prices or labor costs, or the prospect of such events. such a weakened economic and business climate, as well as consumer uncertainty created by such a climate, could harm our revenues and profitability.
our success and profitability not only depend on consumer demand for our products, but also on our ability to produce and sell those products at costs which allow for us to make a profit. rising fuel and raw material prices, due to inflation or otherwise, for paperboard and other components such as resin used in plastics or electronic components, increased transportation and shipping costs, and increased labor costs in the markets in which our products are manufactured all may increase the costs we incur to produce and transport our products, which in turn may reduce our margins, reduce our profitability and harm our business.
changes in u.s., global or regional economic conditions could impact discretionary consumer spending and harm our business and financial performance.
our financial performance is impacted by the level of discretionary consumer spending in the markets in which we operate. recessions or even fear or anticipation of recessions, inflation, rising interest rates and mortgage rates, credit crises and other economic downturns, or disruptions in credit markets, in the u.s. and in other markets in which we operate can result in lower levels of economic activity, lower employment levels, less consumer disposable income, and lower consumer confidence. similarly, reductions in the value of key assets held by consumers, such as their homes or stock market investments, can lower consumer confidence and consumer spending power. any of these factors can reduce the amount which consumers spend on the purchase of our products and entertainment. this in turn can reduce our revenues and harm our financial performance and profitability.
financial risks relating to our business our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate due to seasonality in our business.
sales of our toys, games and other entertainment products are extremely seasonal, with a majority of retail sales occurring during the period from september through december in anticipation of the holiday season. this seasonality for our consumer products business has increased over time, as retailers become more and more efficient in their control of inventory levels through quick response or just in time inventory management techniques, including the use of automated inventory replenishment programs. further, ecommerce, including through our own pulse ecommerce platform, continues to grow significantly and accounts for a higher portion of the ultimate sales of our products to consumers. third-party ecommerce retailers tend to hold less inventory and take inventory closer to the time of sale to consumers than traditional retailers. as a result, customers are timing their orders so that they are being filled by suppliers, such as us, closer to the time of purchase by consumers. while these techniques reduce a retailer's investment in inventory, they increase pressure on suppliers like us to fill orders promptly and thereby shift a significant portion of inventory risk and carrying costs to the supplier. this can also result in our losing significant revenues and earnings if our supply chain is unable to supply product to our customers when they want it. tariffs can exacerbate this negative impact by causing retailers to shift from direct import to domestic orders, further pressuring our supply chain.
the level of inventory carried by retailers may also reduce or delay retail sales resulting in lower revenues for us. if we or our customers determine that one of our products is more popular at retail than was originally anticipated, we may not have sufficient time to produce and ship enough additional products to fully meet consumer demand. additionally, the logistics of supplying more product within shorter time periods increases the risk that we will fail to achieve tight and compressed shipping schedules, which also may reduce our sales and harm our financial performance. these risks were exacerbated in 2021 and continued into early 2022 due to the global supply chain challenges we faced due to logistics, including labor, trucking and container shortages, port congestion and other shipping disruptions. to offset the risk of lack of supply, in 2022 we accelerated inventory purchases. these purchases, however, did not see corresponding increases in sales as consumers were impacted by the economic environment, including lower discretionary consumer income due to higher inflation and rising interest rates. the ability to accurately predict levels of inventory remains challenging in the current economic environment.
our entertainment business is also subject to seasonal variations based on the timing of television, film, streaming and digital content releases. release dates are determined by several factors, including the timing of holiday periods, geographical release dates and competition in the market, and more recently, the timing of release dates has been affected by the pandemic.
this seasonal patterns of our business requires significant use of working capital, mainly to manufacture or acquire inventory during the portion of the year prior to the holiday season, and requires accurate forecasting of demand for products during the holiday season in order to avoid losing potential sales of popular products or producing excess inventory of products that are less popular with consumers. our failure to accurately predict and respond to consumer demand, resulting in under producing popular items and/or overproducing less popular items, would reduce our total sales and harm our results of operations.
as a result of the seasonal nature of our business, we would be significantly and adversely affected, in a manner disproportionate to the impact on a company with sales spread more evenly throughout the year, by unforeseen events such as a natural disaster, a terrorist attack, economic shock or pandemic that harms the retail environment or consumer buying patterns during our key selling season, or by events such as strikes or port delays or other supply chain challenges that interfere with the shipment of goods, particularly from the far east, during the critical months leading up to the holiday shopping season.
if we incurred any significant impairment charges, our net earnings would be reduced.
declines in the profitability of acquired brands or businesses or our decision to reduce our focus or exit these brands or businesses, such as certain non-core entertainment assets of the business, may impact our ability to recover the carrying value of the related assets and could result in an impairment charge. similarly, declines in our profitability may impact the fair value of our reporting units, which could result in a write-down of our goodwill and consequently harm our net earnings. in 2022, we had approximately $322.4 million of impairment charges in connection with the implementation of the company's strategic review and adoption of the blueprint 2.0 strategy. these charges consisted of a goodwill impairment loss of $11.8 million and asset impairments of $10.3 million related to the exit of non-core businesses within the entertainment segment, a charge of $281.0 million related to a partial impairment of the company's definite-lived power rangers intangible asset due to changes in entertainment strategy and plans, incurred incremental asset charges related to product cancellations, consisting of inventory reserves and asset write offs of $14.9 million within the consumer products segment, and other strategy related asset impairments of certain discontinued projects of $4.4 million within the entertainment segment.
we may incur impairments if the films and television programs we acquire and produce do not perform well enough to recoup our acquisition, production, marketing and distribution costs.
we incur significant costs to acquire, produce and distribute entertainment content. most agreements to acquire content for distribution require minimum guarantees against royalties. the minimum guarantees are derived from our estimate of net revenues that will be realized from our distribution of the title in the relevant markets, and actual results may differ from those estimates. if sales do not meet our original estimates, we may:
•not recognize the expected gross margin or net profit;
•not recoup our minimum guarantees or distribution expenses;
•record accelerated amortization and/or fair value write‐downs of minimum guarantees paid; or
•not recoup the additional funds and expenses invested to market films that we have produced or acquired.
with respect to content we produce, we are required to amortize capitalized production costs based on estimated ultimate revenue as we recognize revenues from the associated films or television productions. unamortized production costs are evaluated for impairment each reporting period on a project‐by‐project basis. if estimated remaining revenue is not sufficient to recover the unamortized production costs, the unamortized production costs will be written down to fair value. in any given quarter, if we lower our previous forecast with respect to total anticipated revenue from any individual film or other project, we may be required to accelerate amortization or record impairment charges with respect to the unamortized costs, even if we have previously recorded impairment charges for such film or other project. such impairment and accelerated amortization charges and write‐offs could harm our financial results.
similarly, our business could be harmed by greater-than-expected costs, or unexpected delays or difficulties, associated with our investment in discovery family channel, such as difficulties in increasing subscribers to the network or in building advertising revenues for discovery family channel. for example, during the fourth quarter of 2021 we recorded an impairment loss of $74.1 million associated with our investment in the discovery family channel.
changes in foreign currency exchange rates can significantly impact our reported financial performance.
our global operations mean we transact business in many different jurisdictions with many different currencies. as a result, if the exchange rate between the u.s. dollar and a local currency for an international market in which we have significant sales or operations changes, our financial results as reported in u.s. dollars, may be meaningfully impacted even if our business in the local currency is not significantly affected. in 2022, our sales were adversely impacted due to the strength of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies in territories in which we operate. similarly, our expenses can be significantly impacted, in u.s. dollar terms, by exchange rates, meaning the profitability of our business in u.s. dollar terms can be negatively impacted by exchange rate movements which we do not control. depreciation in key currencies may have a significant negative impact on our revenues and earnings as they are reported in u.s. dollars.
our indebtedness may limit our availability of cash, cause us to divert cash to fund debt service payments or make it more difficult to take certain other actions.
we incurred significant indebtedness to finance our acquisition of eone in 2019. while we continue to pay down this indebtedness, the increase in our debt service obligations resulting from additional indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. in particular, our increased indebtedness could:
•make it more difficult and/or costly for us to pay or refinance our debts as they become due, particularly during adverse economic and industry conditions, because a decrease in revenues or increase in costs could cause cash flow from operations to be insufficient to make scheduled debt service payments;
•require a substantial portion of our available cash to be used for debt service payments, thereby reducing the availability of our cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, acquisitions or other strategic opportunities, dividend payments, share repurchases and other general corporate purposes;
•result in downgrades in the credit ratings on our indebtedness, which could limit our ability to borrow additional funds on favorable terms or at all (including in order to refinance our other debt), increase the interest rates under our credit facilities and under any new indebtedness we may incur;
•make it more difficult for us to raise capital to fund working capital, make capital expenditures, pay dividends, pursue strategic initiatives or for other purposes;
•result in higher interest expense, which could be further increased in case of current or future borrowings subject to variable rates of interest;
•require that materially adverse terms, conditions or covenants be placed on us under our debt instruments, which could include, for example, limitations on additional borrowings or limitations on our ability to create liens, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock or make investments, any of which could hinder our access to capital markets or our flexibility in the conduct of our business and make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse competitive industry conditions; and
•jeopardize our ability to pay our indebtedness if our business experienced a severe downturn.
if we were unable to obtain or service our other external financings, or if the restrictions imposed by such financing were too burdensome, our business would be harmed.
due to the seasonal nature of our business, in order to meet our working capital needs, particularly those in the third and fourth quarters, we may rely on our commercial paper program, revolving credit facility and our other credit facilities for working capital. we currently have a commercial paper program which, subject to market conditions, and availability under our committed revolving credit facility, allows us to issue up to $1,000.0 million in aggregate amount of commercial paper outstanding from time to time as a source of working capital funding and liquidity. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to issue commercial paper on favorable terms, or at all, at any given point in time.
we also have a revolving credit agreement which provides for a $1,500.0 million committed revolving credit facility. the credit agreement contains certain restrictive covenants setting forth leverage and coverage requirements, and certain other limitations typical of an investment grade facility. these restrictive covenants may limit our future actions as well as our financial, operating and strategic flexibility. non-compliance with our debt covenants could result in us being unable to utilize borrowings under our revolving credit facility and other bank lines, a circumstance which potentially could occur when operating shortfalls would require supplementary borrowings to enable us to continue to fund our operations.
not only may our individual financial performance impact our ability to access sources of external financing, but significant disruptions to credit markets in general may also harm our ability to obtain financing. in times of severe economic downturn and/or distress in the credit markets, it is possible that one or more sources of external financing may be unable or unwilling to provide funding to us. in such a situation, it may be that we would be unable to access funding under our existing credit facilities, and it might not be possible to find alternative sources of funding.
we also may choose to finance our capital needs, from time to time, through the issuance of debt securities. our ability to issue such securities on satisfactory terms, if at all, will depend on the state of our business and financial condition, any ratings issued by major credit rating agencies, market interest rates, and the overall condition of the financial and credit markets at the time of the offering. the condition of the credit markets and prevailing interest rates have fluctuated significantly in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future. variations in these factors could make it difficult for us to sell debt securities or require us to offer higher interest rates in order to sell new debt securities. the failure to receive financing on desirable terms, or at all, could damage our ability to support our future operations or capital needs or engage in other business activities.
if we are unable to generate sufficient available cash flow to service our outstanding debt we would need to refinance our outstanding debt or face default. we cannot guarantee that we would be able to refinance debt on favorable terms, or at all.
changes in, or differing interpretations of, income tax laws and rules, and changes in our geographic operating results, may impact our effective tax rate.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and in various international tax jurisdictions. we also conduct business activities between our operating units in various jurisdictions and we are subject to transfer pricing rules in the countries in which we operate. there is some degree of uncertainty and subjectivity in complying with transfer pricing rules. our effective tax rate could be impacted by changes in, or the interpretation of, tax laws, such as those imposed by the current u.s. administration and other jurisdictions in which we do business, or by changes in the amount of revenue and earnings we derive, or are determined to derive by tax authorities, from jurisdictions with differing tax rates.
in addition, we may be subject to tax examinations by federal, state, and international jurisdictions, and these examinations can result in significant tax findings if the tax authorities interpret the application of laws and rules differently than we do or disagree with the intercompany rates we are applying. we assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from tax uncertainties. while we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate outcome of these uncertain tax benefits, or results of possible current or future tax examinations, may differ from our estimates and may have a significant adverse impact on our business and operating results.
if we lose the canadian status of entertainment one canada ltd., we could lose licenses, incentives and tax credits.
through our acquisition of eone, we indirectly acquired the economic interests in entertainment one canada ltd., a canadian corporation ("eocl"). eocl is able to benefit from a number of licenses, incentive programs and canadian government tax credits as a result of it being "canadian controlled" as defined in the investment canada act. we have taken measures to ensure that eocl's canadian status is maintained. there can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to continue to maintain eocl's canadian status. the loss of eocl's canadian status could harm our business, including the possible loss of future incentive programs and clawback of funding previously provided to eocl.
governmental and legal risks relating to our business we are subject to various government regulations, violation of which could subject us to sanctions or otherwise harm our business. in addition, we could be the subject of future product liability suits or product recalls, which could harm our business.
we are subject to significant government regulations, including, in the u.s., under the consumer products safety act, the federal hazardous substances act, and the flammable fabrics act, as well as under product safety and consumer protection statutes in our international markets. in addition, certain of our products are subject to regulation by the food and drug administration or similar international authorities. advertising to children is subject to regulation by the federal trade commission, the federal communications commission and a host of other agencies globally, and the collection of information from children under the age of 13 is subject to the provisions of the children's online privacy protection act and other privacy laws around the world. the collection of personally identifiable information from anyone, including adults, is under increasing regulation in many markets, such as the general data protection regulation adopted by the european union, and data protection laws in the united states and in a number of other counties. while we take all the steps we believe are necessary to comply with these acts and regulations, we cannot assure you that we will be in compliance and, if we fail to comply with these requirements or other regulations enacted in the future, we could be subject to fines, liabilities or sanctions which could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. we may also be subject to involuntary product recalls or may voluntarily conduct a product recall. while costs associated with product recalls have generally not been material to our business, the costs associated with future product recalls individually or in the aggregate in any given fiscal year could be significant. in addition, any product recall, regardless of direct costs of the recall, may harm the reputation of our products and have a negative impact on our future revenues and results of operations.
as a large multinational corporation, we are subject to a host of governmental regulations throughout the world, including antitrust, employment, customs and tax requirements, anti-boycott regulations, environmental regulations and the foreign corrupt practices act. complying with these regulations imposes costs on us which can reduce our profitability and our failure to successfully comply with any such legal requirements could subject us to monetary liabilities and other sanctions that could further harm our business and financial condition.
our entertainment business involves risks of liability claims for media content, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
as a distributor and producer of media content, we may face potential liability for defamation, invasion of privacy, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, and other claims based on the nature and content of the materials distributed. these types of claims have been brought, sometimes successfully, against producers and distributors of media content. any imposition of liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition.
failure to achieve our sustainability goals could result in reputational damage.
we view sustainability challenges as opportunities to innovate and continuously improve our product design and operational efficiencies. we have set key goals and objectives in this area as described in our business section of this form 10-k. our reputation could be damaged if we fail to achieve our sustainability goals, or if we or others in our industry do not act, or are perceived not to act, responsibly with respect to the production and packaging of our products.
we are involved in litigation, arbitration or regulatory matters where the outcome is uncertain and which could entail significant expense.
as a large multinational corporation, we are subject to regulatory investigations, litigation and arbitration disputes, including potential liability from personal injury or property damage claims by the users of products that have been or may be developed by us, claims by third parties that our products infringe upon or misuse such third parties' property or rights, or claims by former employees for employment related matters. because the outcome of litigation, arbitration and regulatory investigations is inherently difficult to predict, it is possible that the outcome of any of these matters could entail significant cost for us and harm our business. the fact that we operate in a significant number of international markets also increases the risk that we may face legal and regulatory exposures as we attempt to comply with a large number of varying legal and regulatory requirements. any successful claim against us could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
objective our objective within the following discussion is to provide an analysis of the company's financial condition, cash flows and results of operations from management's perspective, which should be read in conjunction with the company's audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, included in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this annual report on form 10-k.
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements concerning the company's expectations and beliefs. see "statement regarding forward-looking statements" and part i, item 1a. risk factors, of this form 10-k for a discussion of other uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements.
unless otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or share amounts herein are expressed in millions of dollars or shares, except for per share amounts.
executive summary hasbro is a global branded entertainment leader whose mission is to entertain and connect generations of fans through the wonder of storytelling and exhilaration of play. hasbro is guided by our purpose to create joy and community for all people around the world, one game, one toy, one story at a time. hasbro delivers immersive brand experiences for global audiences through gaming, consumer products and entertainment.
our portfolio of iconic brands includes magic: the gathering, dungeons & dragons, hasbro gaming, nerf, transformers, play-doh and peppa pig, as well as premier partner brands. for the past decade, we have been consistently recognized for our corporate citizenship, including being named one of the 100 best corporate citizens by 3bl media and one of the world's most ethical companies by ethisphere institute.
our strategic plan is centered around our blueprint 2.0, a framework for bringing compelling and expansive brand experiences to consumers and audiences around the world. our brands are story-led consumer franchises brought to life through a wide array of consumer products, digital gaming and compelling content offered across a multitude of platforms and media.
hasbro generates revenue and earns cash across our blueprint 2.0 by developing, marketing, licensing, distributing and selling products, play and entertainment experiences, based on our global brands as well as other ip in a broad variety of categories. this includes: the marketing and sale of toys and games, including our owned and partner brands, innovative gaming brands and role-playing and fantasy card collecting games, through retail stores, ecommerce platforms and hasbro direct, our direct-to-consumer platform; the distribution, license and sale of digital games developed internally, such as magic: the gathering arena and other digital games based on our ip that is licensed to third parties. additionally, the company generates revenue though the development, production, distribution and sales of entertainment content as well as out-licensing our brands for uses in consumer products, such as apparel and publishing, and for use in theme park attractions, other forms of location-based entertainment and within formats such as film and tv programming. as we continue our blueprint 2.0 transformation efforts focusing on fewer, bigger brands, we have begun out-licensing certain non-core brands which we believe may be more profitable through a licensing arrangement.
see part i, item 1. business, and note 21 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k for further information on our reportable segments.
the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates used to translate the consolidated statements of operations is quantified by translating the current period revenues at the prior period exchange rates and comparing this amount to the prior period reported revenues. the company believes that the presentation of the impact of changes in exchange rates, which are beyond the company's control, is helpful to an investor's understanding of the performance of the underlying business.
during each of the periods presented in this form 10-k there were significant charges and benefits incurred which impacted operating results. these charges are detailed below in the summary of financial performance.
2022 highlights
•net revenues of $5,856.7 million decreased 9% from $6,420.4 million in 2021. the decline in net revenues includes an unfavorable foreign currency translation of $166.3 million.
◦net revenues in the consumer products segment decreased 10% to $3,572.5 million; wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment increased 3% to $1,325.1 million; and entertainment segment net revenues decreased 17% to $959.1 million.
◦tv/film/entertainment portfolio net revenues decreased 17%; hasbro gaming net revenues decreased 13%; emerging brands net revenues decreased 12%; partner brands net revenues decreased 9%; and franchise brands net revenues decreased 4%.
◦hasbro's total gaming portfolio, including the hasbro gaming portfolio as reported above, and all other gaming revenue, most notably magic: the gathering and monopoly, totaled $2.0 billion, a decrease of 5%.
•operating profit was $407.7 million, or 7.0% of net revenues in 2022 compared to operating profit of $763.3 million, or 11.9% of net revenues in 2021.
◦operating profit in the wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment decreased 2% to $538.3 million; consumer products segment decreased 46% to $217.3 million; entertainment segment increased >100% to $22.7 million; and corporate and other operating losses increased >100% to $370.6 million.
•net earnings attributable to hasbro, inc. declined in 2022 to $203.5 million, or $1.46 per diluted share, compared to $428.7 million, or $3.10 per diluted share in 2021.
2021 highlights
•net revenues of $6,420.4 million increased 17% from $5,465.4 million in 2020. the increase in net revenues includes a favorable foreign currency translation of $54.7 million.
◦net revenues in the consumer products segment increased 9% to $3,981.6 million; wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment increased 42% to $1,286.6 million; and entertainment segment net revenues increased 27% to $1,152.2 million.
◦emerging brands net revenues increased 22%; tv/film/entertainment portfolio net revenues increased 24%; franchise brands net revenues increased 23%; partner brands net revenues increased 8%; and hasbro gaming net revenues increased 4%.
◦hasbro's total gaming portfolio, including the hasbro gaming portfolio as reported above, and all other gaming revenue, most notably magic: the gathering and monopoly, increased 19%, and totaled $2,098.9 million.
•operating profit was $763.3 million, or 11.9% of net revenues in 2021 compared to operating profit of $501.8 million, or 9.2% of net revenues in 2020.
◦operating profit in the wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment increased 30% to $547.0 million; consumer products segment increased 30% to $401.4 million; entertainment segment operating losses decreased 35% to $91.8 million and corporate and other operating losses increased 9% to $93.3 million.
•net earnings attributable to hasbro, inc. increased in 2021 to $428.7 million, or $3.10 per diluted share, compared to $222.5 million, or $1.62 per diluted share in 2020.
summary of financial performance a summary of the company's results of operations for 2022, 2021 and 2020 is illustrated below.
2022                                                                                                        2021                         2020
net revenues                                                            $5,856.7                     $6,420.4                     $5,465.4
operating profit                                                           407.7                        763.3                        501.8
earnings before income taxes                                               261.5                        581.9                        322.1
net earnings                                                               203.0                        435.3                        225.4
net (loss) earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests               (0.5)                          6.6                          2.9
net earnings attributable to hasbro, inc.                                  203.5                        428.7                        222.5
diluted earnings per share                                                  1.46                         3.10                         1.62
results of operations - consolidated the fiscal years ended december 25, 2022, december 26, 2021 and december 27, 2020 were each fifty-two week periods.
net earnings attributable to hasbro, inc. decreased to $203.5 million for the fiscal year ended december 25, 2022 compared to $428.7 million for the fiscal year ended december 26, 2021, and were $222.5 million for the fiscal year ended december 27, 2020.
diluted earnings per share attributable to hasbro, inc. were $1.46 in 2022, $3.10 in 2021 and $1.62 in 2020.
net earnings and diluted earnings per share attributable to hasbro, inc. for each fiscal year in the three years ended december 25, 2022 include certain charges and benefits as described below.
2022
•in association with the company's strategic review and subsequent blueprint 2.0 strategy shift to focus on fewer, bigger brands, the company incurred net charges of $253.0 million consisting of the following:
◦net asset impairments and other net charges of $231.9 million, or $1.67 per diluted share, of which $215.2 million, or $1.55 per diluted share relates to the partial impairment of the company's definite-lived power rangers intangible asset, $12.4 million, or $0.09 per diluted share, of incurred incremental asset charges related to product cancellations, consisting of inventory and asset write offs, and $4.3 million, or $0.03 per diluted share, of strategy-related asset impairments due to the cancellation of certain projects primarily within the entertainment segment; and
◦a net loss on disposal of business of $21.1 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, comprised of a non-cash goodwill impairment loss of $11.8 million and other asset impairments of $9.3 million, related to the exit of non-core businesses within the entertainment segment.
•in support of blueprint 2.0, hasbro announced an operational excellence program designed to deliver $250-$300 million in annualized run-rate cost savings by year-end 2025. in association with this program the company incurred net charges of $89.2 million comprised of the following:
◦net severance expense and other employee charges of $79.8 million, or $0.57 per diluted share, associated with cost-savings initiatives across the company; and
◦net charges of $9.4 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, of program related consultant and transformation office expenses.
•in association with the company's acquisition of eone, the company incurred related expenses of $72.3 million, comprised of the following:
◦net expenses of $59.4 million, or $0.43 per diluted share, of incremental intangible amortization costs related to the intangible assets acquired in the eone acquisition; and
◦a net charge of $12.9 million, or $0.09 per diluted share, of stock based compensation expenses.
2021
•a net charge of $116.1 million, or $0.84 per diluted share, comprised of a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $108.8 million and transaction expenses of $7.3 million, associated with the closing of the sale of eone's music business (e-one music). the goodwill impairment charge of $108.8 million is based on revalued assets and liabilities of eone music as of the second quarter of 2021 and finalized closing working capital adjustments made during the fourth quarter 2021.
•in association with the company's acquisition of eone, the company incurred related expenses of $77.0 million, comprised of the following:
◦net expenses of $70.4 million, or $0.51 per diluted share, of incremental intangible amortization costs related to the intangible assets acquired in the eone acquisition; and
◦a net charge of $6.6 million, or $0.05 per diluted share, of stock based compensation expenses.
•charges of $20.9 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, of additional stock compensation expense due to the contractual accelerated vesting of certain equity awards following the passing of the company's former ceo in the fourth quarter of 2021.
•a net impairment charge of $41.3 million, or $0.30 per diluted share, associated with hasbro's investment in the discovery family channel, due to the impact of accelerating changes in the cable distribution industry. this charge was comprised of a pre-tax impairment of the investment held in discovery of $74.1 million, which resulted in a pre-tax reduction to the company's discovery option agreement liability of $20.1 million. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k for further information on the company's discovery option.
•a net charge of $39.4 million or $0.28 per diluted share of income tax expense as a result of revaluation of hasbro's uk tax attributes in accordance with the finance act of 2021 enacted by the united kingdom on june 10, 2021. effective april 1, 2023, the law increases the corporate income tax rate to 25% from 19%.
2020
•in association with the company's acquisition of eone, the company incurred related expenses of $269.3 million, comprised of the following:
◦a net charge of $188.6 million, or $1.37 per diluted share, of acquisition and related costs; and
◦net expenses of $80.7 million, or $0.59 per diluted share, of incremental intangible amortization costs related to the intangible assets acquired in the eone acquisition.
•a net charge of $7.4 million, or $0.05 per diluted share, of severance charges associated with cost-savings initiatives within the company's commercial and music businesses.
•a net charge of $15.4 million, or $0.11 per diluted share, of income tax expense as a result of revaluation of hasbro's uk tax attributes in accordance with the finance act of 2020 enacted by the united kingdom on july 22, 2020. retroactive to april 1, 2020, the new law maintains the corporate income tax rate at 19% instead of the planned reduction to 17% that was previously enacted in the uk finance act of 2016.
consolidated net revenues for the year ended december 25, 2022 declined 9% to $5,856.7 million from $6,420.4 million for the year ended december 26, 2021 and include an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of $166.3 million as the result of foreign currency declines against the us dollar across the company's regions.
consolidated net revenues for the year ended december 26, 2021 grew 17% to $6,420.4 million from $5,465.4 million for the year ended december 27, 2020 and included a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $54.7 million.
the following table presents net revenues expressed in millions of dollars, by brand portfolio for each year in the three years ended december 25, 2022.
2022              %                 2021              %                 2020
net revenues         change         net revenues         change         net revenues franchise brands                 $2,830.6               -4    %      $2,955.6               23    %      $2,394.3
partner brands                    1,052.0               -9    %       1,161.0                8    %       1,079.4
hasbro gaming                       743.3              -13    %         851.4                4    %         814.8
emerging brands                     402.1              -12    %         454.7               22    %         372.2
tv/film/entertainment               828.7              -17    %         997.7               24    %         804.7
brand portfolio net revenues for the years ended december 26, 2021 and december 27, 2020 have been restated to reflect the elevation of peppa pig from emerging brands to franchise brands, effective for the first quarter of 2022. as a result, net revenues of $162.9 million and $108.2 million, respectively, were reclassified from emerging brands to franchise brands.
2022 versus 2021
net revenues declined in all brand portfolios in 2022 compared to 2021.
franchise brands: the franchise brands portfolio net revenues decreased 4% in 2022 compared to 2021. higher net revenues from magic: the gathering products, due to record sales from set releases that include: kamigawa: neon dynasty, commander legends: battle for baldur's gate, double masters, dominaria united, streets of new capenna and the brothers war, reflected momentum in the brand, elevating magic: the gathering to the company's first billion-dollar brand. in addition, the franchise brands portfolio benefited from higher sales of peppa pig products, driven by the third quarter 2021 launch of the company's first line of peppa pig product line and higher sales of play-doh products. these net revenue increases were offset by lower net revenues from nerf and monopoly products and to a lesser extent, lower net revenues from transformers and baby alive products.
partner brands: the partner brands portfolio net revenues declined 9% in 2022 compared to 2021. within the partner brands portfolio, there are a number of brands which are reliant on related entertainment, including movie and television releases. as such, net revenues fluctuate from year-to-year by brand, depending on entertainment popularity, release dates and the success of related product line offerings. historically these entertainment-based brands experience higher revenues during years in which major films or television programming is released.
in 2022, partner brands net revenue declines were driven by lower sales of the company's products for disney frozen and disney princess as the related license neared the end of its term, lower sales of beyblade products, and to a lesser extent, lower sales of ghostbusters products. these net revenue decreases were partially offset by higher net revenues from the company's products for marvel, led by momentum in the spider-man franchise which benefited from entertainment releases including the children's animated television series, marvel's spidey and his amazing friends as well as marvel studios' spider-man: no way home, released in december 2021. the company's products for marvel's avengers benefited from the release of marvel studios' doctor strange in the multiverse of madness in may 2022 and the july 2022 release of thor: love and thunder, while the company's products for black panther were supported by the november 2022 release of black panther: wakanda forever. to a lesser extent, net revenues from the company's line of star wars products increased as a result of continued star wars entertainment released on disney+. in addition, partner brands net revenues benefited from the introduction of the company's line of fortnite action figures during 2022.
hasbro gaming: the hasbro gaming portfolio net revenues declined 13% in 2022 compared to 2021 driven primarily by lower net revenues from the dungeons & dragons: dark alliance digital game launched during the second quarter 2021 with no comparable release in 2022, as well as lower net revenues from jenga, life and certain other hasbro gaming products. these decreases were partially offset by higher net revenues from avalon hill's heroquest products during 2022.
net revenues for hasbro's total gaming category, including the hasbro gaming portfolio as reported above, and all other gaming revenue, most notably magic: the gathering and monopoly, which are included in the franchise brands portfolio, totaled $1,997.5 million in 2022, a decrease 5%, from $2,098.9 million in 2021.
emerging brands: the emerging brands portfolio net revenues declined 12% in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily driven by furreal friends and pj masks products and to a lesser extent, core playskool and potato head products.
tv/film/entertainment: net revenues from the tv/film/entertainment portfolio declined 17% in 2022 compared to 2021. lower net revenues in 2022 were driven by the sale of eone music during the third quarter of 2021, which represented $65.2 million or 6% of tv, film and entertainment portfolio net revenues during 2021. in addition to the sale of eone music, net revenue declines in 2022 were driven by the lower number of film deliveries in 2022 compared to 2021 due to timing shifts of certain films into 2023, and to a lesser extent, lower unscripted television deliveries in 2022. these decreases were partially offset by higher net revenues from scripted production deliveries, most notably, cruel summer season two, the rookie seasons four and five and the rookie: feds season one.
2021 versus 2020
net revenues grew in all brand portfolios in 2021 compared to 2020.
franchise brands: the franchise brands portfolio net revenues increased 23% in 2021 compared to 2020. the majority of the 2021 increase was driven by higher net revenues from magic: the gathering products, as a result of successful card sets released throughout the year, including multiple record setting releases and higher digital gaming net revenues from magic: the gathering arena. to a lesser extent, higher net revenues from nerf products, most notably in the us, higher net revenues from peppa pig products following the company's launch of its first peppa pig product line during the second half of 2021, higher net revenues from the my little pony brand, due to the release of the film my little pony: a new generation and the launch of the associated product line contributed to the increase. in addition to these increases were higher net revenues from transformers products supported by the release of the final chapter of the animated television series trilogy, transformers: war for cybertron in july 2021 and higher net revenues from play-doh products.
partner brands: the partner brands portfolio net revenues increased 8% in 2021 compared to 2020. net revenue increases from the company's products for marvel, disney princess and star wars drove growth in the partner brands portfolio, and to a lesser extent, ghostbusters products contributed to net revenue growth during 2021. the company's products for marvel benefited from fan support, primarily in the u.s., across multiple properties including marvel legends, as well as from entertainment releases including the theatrical release of spider-man: no way home in december 2021, the launch of the preschool product line supporting the children's animated television series, spidey and his amazing friends, and by the introduction of products supported by the theatrical release of shang-chi and the legend of the ten rings which premiered in september 2021. the company's products for disney princess and star wars benefited throughout 2021 from supporting entertainment, including; disney's raya and the last dragon, which premiered in march 2021; the disney princess film library, available for streaming on disney+; and the disney+ streaming series star wars: the mandalorian, season two.
these increases were partially offset by net revenue declines from disney frozen and trolls products in 2021 compared to 2020, as a result of entertainment support in the prior year from the november 2019 theatrical release of disney's frozen 2 and the trolls world tour film, released in april 2020.
hasbro gaming: the hasbro gaming portfolio net revenues increased 4% in 2021 compared to 2022. higher net revenues from dungeons & dragons products and digital game and to a lesser extent, higher net revenues from duel masters products and several other hasbro gaming brands, were partially offset by lower net revenues from jenga, operation and certain other hasbro gaming products. during 2020, due in part to the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, the hasbro gaming portfolio experienced accelerated growth in sales of games, as families were playing more games while at home.
net revenues for hasbro's total gaming category, including the hasbro gaming portfolio as reported above, and all other gaming revenue, most notably magic: the gathering and monopoly, which are included in the franchise brands portfolio, totaled $2,098.9 million in 2021, a decrease 19%, from $1,763.8 million in 2020.
emerging brands: the emerging brands portfolio net revenues grew 22% in 2021 compared to 2020. net revenue increases were primarily driven by the company's launch of its first pj masks products during the second half of 2021, as well as demand for certain fan-oriented products.
tv/film/entertainment: during 2021, net revenues from the tv/film/entertainment portfolio grew 24% compared to 2020. the shutdown of live action tv and film productions and theatrical releases, beginning late in the first quarter of 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, had a significant impact on entertainment deliveries during the second half of 2020 and into 2021. however, the company's production studios were back to operating at pre-pandemic levels across all businesses by mid-2021.
the drivers of the net revenue increase during 2021 include higher scripted television production deliveries, most notably from yellowjackets, cruel summer and the rookie television series. in addition to these increases were higher deliveries from eone's slate of unscripted programming, as well as higher film production revenues from 2021 releases that include clifford the big red dog, come from away and finch. these increases were partially offset by lower 2021 film distribution revenues overall, due to the gap in available entertainment deliveries as described above, compared to 2020 which had a higher number of successful films which were released pre-pandemic.
segment results the summary that follows provides a discussion of the results of operations of our four reportable segments: consumer products, wizards of the coast & digital gaming, entertainment and corporate and other.
net revenues the table below illustrates net revenues expressed in millions of dollars, derived from our principal operating segments in 2022, 2021 and 2020.
2022              %                 2021              %                 2020
net revenues         change         net revenues         change         net revenues consumer products                                  $3,572.5              -10    %      $3,981.6                9    %      $3,649.6
wizards of the coast &amp; digital gaming           1,325.1                3    %       1,286.6               42    %         906.7
entertainment                                         959.1              -17    %       1,152.2               27    %         909.1
consumer products segment the following table presents the consumer products segment net revenues by major geographic region for each fiscal year in the three years ended december 25, 2022.
2022                       %                             2021                       %                             2020
net revenues                  change                     net revenues                  change                     net revenues north america           $2,064.8                       -11    %                  $2,315.9                         9    %                  $2,116.2
europe                     899.5                       -16    %                   1,067.7                         8    %                     989.2
asia pacific               293.4                        -5    %                     310.1                         5    %                     295.6
latin america              314.8          9                   %                     287.9                        16    %                     248.6
net revenues            $3,572.5                       -10    %                  $3,981.6                         9    %                  $3,649.6
2022 versus 2021
consumer products segment net revenues declined 10% in 2022 compared to 2021 and included the impact of an unfavorable $117.5 million foreign currency translation, most notably from the company's european markets, and to a lesser extent, the company's asia pacific and latin american markets. segment net revenues declined in all brand portfolios including franchise brands, partner brands and to a lesser extent, hasbro gaming and emerging brands during 2022 compared to 2021.
in addition to the unfavorable foreign exchange, the drivers of the net revenue decrease include lower sales of nerf, monopoly, transformers and baby alive products, lower sales of the company's products for disney princess and disney frozen as the related license neared the end of its term and lower sales of beyblade products. in addition, lower sales of hasbro gaming products, primarily from the company's tabletop gaming brands such as jenga, life and certain other hasbro gaming brands and lower net revenues from furreal friends products contributed to the decrease. these net revenue decreases were partially offset by higher sales of peppa pig and play-doh products, and higher sales of the company's products for marvel and star wars products. overall segment net revenue declines were primarily attributable to the challenging consumer discretionary environment in north america and to a lesser extent, the company's european markets during 2022.
2021 versus 2020
consumer products segment net revenues increased 9% in 2021 compared to 2020 and included the impact of a favorable $23.8 million foreign currency translation. segment net revenues increased from growth in franchise brands, emerging brands and, to a lesser extent, partner brands and were partially offset by lower net revenues from the hasbro gaming portfolio.
the drivers of the net revenue increase include higher sales of nerf products, higher sales of transformers products as well as higher sales of the company's partner brands for marvel and disney princess, which were supported by recent entertainment releases. also contributing to the increase were higher sales of peppa pig and pj masks products, following the launch of the company's own product lines for these brands during the second half of 2021. partially offsetting these increases were lower sales of certain partner brands, notably, the company's products for disney frozen and trolls. revenue grew across all geographic regions in 2021, most notably in the u.s. and europe, and to a lesser extent, in the company's latin american and asia pacific markets.
wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment the following table presents wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment net revenues by category for each fiscal year in the three years ended december 25, 2022.
2022                       %                             2021                       %                             2020
net revenues                  change                     net revenues                  change                     net revenues tabletop gaming                        $1,067.0                        12    %                    $950.6                        44    %                    $659.6
digital and licensed gaming               258.1                       -23    %                     336.0                        36    %                     247.1
net revenues                           $1,325.1                         3    %                  $1,286.6                        42    %                    $906.7
2022 versus 2021
wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment net revenues increased 3% in 2022 compared to 2021 and included the impact of an unfavorable $27.9 million foreign currency translation. the net revenue increase in the wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment was attributable to higher net revenues from wizards of the coast tabletop gaming products, most notably, magic: the gathering, which has become the company's first billion-dollar brand, driven by the number of strong performing card set releases in 2022. in total, 81% of segment net revenues were attributable to wizards of the coast tabletop games during 2022. the increase tabletop gaming net revenues was partially offset by lower digital and licensed gaming net revenues, primarily from magic: the gathering arena and from dungeons & dragons: dark alliance, launched during the first half of 2021 and to a lesser extent, lower net revenues from certain other of the company's licensed digital games during 2022.
2021 versus 2020
in 2021, net revenues from the wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment increased 42% compared to 2020 and included the impact of a favorable $10.7 million foreign currency translation. the net revenue increase was attributable to higher net revenues from wizards of the coast tabletop and digital gaming products, most notably, magic: the gathering, driven by the number of strong performing card set releases, and from dungeons & dragons and to a lesser extent, duel masters tabletop games. in total, 74% of segment net revenues were attributable to wizards of the coast tabletop games. in addition to these increases were higher digital gaming sales from magic: the gathering arena, including the launch on mobile, and net revenue contributions associated with the launch of dungeons & dragons: dark alliance during the second quarter 2021, as well as growth in certain other of the company's licensed digital games.
entertainment segment the following table presents entertainment segment net revenues by category for each fiscal year in the three years ended december 25, 2022.
2022              %                             2021                       %                             2020
net revenues         change                     net revenues                  change                     net revenues film and tv                  $837.6              -10    %                    $932.5                        33    %                    $700.5
family brands                  79.4              -40    %                     132.9                        54    %                      86.5
music and other                42.1              -51    %                      86.8                       -29    %                     122.1
net revenues                 $959.1              -17    %                  $1,152.2                        27    %                    $909.1
*music and other category net revenues for the periods ended december 26, 2021 and december 27, 2020 include $65.2 million and $116.7 million, respectively, from eone music, which was sold by the company early in the third fiscal quarter of 2021.
2022 versus 2021
entertainment segment net revenues declined 17% in 2022 compared to 2021 and included the impact of an unfavorable $21.0 million foreign currency translation. the segment net revenue decrease primarily reflects the number of major film deliveries compared to 2021 where films such as clifford the big red dog, mrs. harris goes to paris and come from away were delivered, without a comparable number of major film deliveries in 2022, as well as lower net revenues from streaming content sales compared to 2021, which benefited from the september 2021 release of my little pony: a new generation. to a lesser extent, lower transactional net revenues and lower net revenues from unscripted television deliveries compared to 2021 contributed to the decline. these decreases were partially offset by higher scripted television deliveries that include the rookie seasons four and five, cruel summer season two, the rookie: feds season one and yellowjackets season two.
2021 versus 2020
entertainment segment net revenues grew 27% in 2021 compared to 2020 and included the impact of a favorable $20.1 million foreign currency translation. the segment net revenue increase was primarily driven by higher scripted programming and film production deliveries and to a lesser extent, increased deliveries of unscripted programming following the return of live-action entertainment production in late 2020 and throughout 2021. also contributing to the increase were higher family brands net revenues from streaming content deals related to programming featuring the company's brands, such as the netflix release of my little pony: a new generation. these increases were partially offset by the sale of the eone music business during the third quarter of 2021 and from lower film distribution revenues in 2021.
operating profit (loss)
the table below illustrates operating profit expressed in millions of dollars and operating profit margins, derived from our principal operating segments in 2022, 2021 and 2020. for a reconciliation of segment operating profit to total company operating profit, see note 21 to our consolidated financial statements which are included in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k.
2022                                                                   % net              %            2021          % net              %            2020          % net revenues         change                       revenues         change                       revenues consumer products                                  $217.3           6.1    %       -46   %       $401.4          10.1    %        30    %      $308.1           8.4    %
wizards of the coast &amp; digital gaming           538.3          40.6    %        -2   %        547.0          42.5    %        30    %       420.4          46.4    %
entertainment                                        22.7           2.4    %       &gt;100%      (91.8)          -8.0    %        35    %     (141.1)         -15.5    %
corporate and other                               (370.6)                n/a       &gt;100%      (93.3)                n/a        -8    %      (85.6)                n/a total                                               407.7                                         763.3                                         501.8
effective for the first quarter of 2022, intangible amortization costs related to the intangible assets acquired in the eone acquisition have been allocated between the consumer products and entertainment segments to match the revenue generated from such intangible assets. in 2021 and 2020, comparable intangible amortization costs were recorded within the entertainment segment.
consumer products segment
2022 versus 2021
consumer products segment operating profit decreased $184.1 million to $217.3 million in 2022, compared to $401.4 million in 2021. operating profit margin decreased to 6.1% of net revenues in 2022 from 10.1% of net revenues in 2021.
as noted above, to align with the revenue generated from the assets acquired in the eone acquisition, consumer products segment operating profit in 2022 includes $37.7 million of incremental intangible asset amortization costs. in 2021, comparable costs were reported in the entertainment segment results. additionally, in connection with the company's blueprint 2.0 strategy shift, consumer products segment operating profit includes charges of $14.9 million of incremental asset charges related to product cancellations, consisting of inventory and asset write offs related to the company's plans to focus on fewer, bigger brands. the remaining operating profit decrease in 2022 was driven by lower net revenues and higher sales allowances and obsolescence charges, as well as higher levels of closeout sales and warehousing costs associated with higher inventory levels. these negative effects were partially offset by the impact of the expiration of certain consumer products licensing agreements acquired through the eone acquisition, which carried higher royalty expenses in prior periods and higher net revenues from licensing agreements related to certain of the company's franchise brands, most notably transformers. in addition to these benefits were savings realized from the company's operational excellence program within cost of sales and distribution expense, price increases implemented in 2022 combined with lower product development costs, lower advertising and promotion expenses, and lower incentive compensation.
2021 versus 2020
consumer products segment operating profit increased $93.3 million to $401.4 million in 2021, compared to $308.1 million in 2020. operating profit margin increased to 10.1% of net revenues in 2021 from 8.4% of net revenues in 2020. the increase in segment operating profit and profit margin was driven by higher segment net revenues as a result of increased sales volumes, product price increases and lower sales allowances and obsolescence charges. these benefits were partially offset by higher freight costs, increased royalty expenses from higher sales of the company's partner brand products and higher advertising costs in support of the sales increase within the segment.
wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment
2022 versus 2021
wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment operating profit decreased $8.7 million to $538.3 million in 2022, compared to $547.0 million in 2021. operating profit margin decreased to 40.6% in 2022 from 42.5% in 2021. the decrease in segment operating profit in 2022 was the result of higher inventory costs and higher product development costs as we continue to invest in tabletop and digital gaming initiatives and talent to support long-term growth within the segment, as well as higher royalty expense due to the growth of magic: the gathering universes beyond. these increases were partially offset by lower administrative expenses, including lower incentive compensation expenses and lower advertising expense and depreciation costs compared to 2021, where the company incurred higher costs associated with the launch of the mobile version of magic: the gathering arena and dungeons & dragons: dark alliance.
2021 versus 2020
wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment operating profit increased $126.6 million to $547.0 million in 2021, compared to $420.4 million in 2020. operating profit margin was 42.5% in 2021 compared to 46.4% in 2020. the increase in segment operating profit in 2021 is due to higher net revenue volumes, partially offset by higher product development costs and higher advertising and marketing costs in support of segment digital gaming initiatives and tabletop set releases, as well as increased administrative expenses, including digital game depreciation expense and personnel costs. the decrease in segment operating profit margin is primarily due to higher expenses associated with the support of certain digital gaming initiatives and tabletop set releases during 2021.
entertainment segment
2022 versus 2021
entertainment segment operating profit was $22.7 million, or 2.4% of segment net revenues in 2022, compared to operating losses of $91.8 million, or -8.0% of segment net revenues in 2021.
the improved operating results in 2022 were driven primarily by the non-cash impairment charge of $108.8 million in 2021 associated with the sale of eone music, the allocation of $37.7 million of intangible asset amortization costs to the consumer products segment during 2022, as well as lower royalty expenses and lower advertising expense attributable to the lower number of film releases compared to 2021. these impacts to segment operating results were partially offset by a loss on disposal of assets of $22.1 million and asset impairment charges of $4.1 million related to the company's blueprint 2.0 strategy to exit non-core businesses, the impact of the sale of the eone music business during 2021 described above and higher program amortization costs in proportion to entertainment revenues related to the mix of programming delivered in 2022.
2021 versus 2020
entertainment segment operating losses were $91.8 million, or 8.0% of segment net revenues in 2021, compared to operating losses of $141.1 million, or 15.5% of segment net revenues in 2020.
the 2021 results were negatively impacted by a non-cash impairment charge of $108.8 million associated with the sale of eone music and $85.0 million of intangible amortization costs related to the intangible assets acquired in the eone acquisition. the 2020 results were impacted by $133.2 million of acquisition and related costs including expense associated with the acceleration of eone stock-based compensation and advisor fees settled at closing of the acquisition, as well as integration costs and impairment charges for certain definite-lived intangible and production assets acquired through the eone acquisition; combined with $97.9 million of intangible amortization costs related to the intangible assets acquired in the eone acquisition. absent these charges, the 2021 results reflect increased deliveries compared to 2020, offset by higher content amortization and increased compensation expense.
corporate and other segment in the corporate and other segment, the operating losses were $370.6 million in 2022 compared to operating losses of $93.3 million in 2021 and operating losses of $85.6 million in 2020.
the corporate and other segment operating losses during 2022 were primarily related to impairment charges of $281.0 million related to the company's power rangers intangible asset, severance charges of $94.1 million and transformation office and consultant fees of $12.3 million associated with company's blueprint 2.0 strategy shift and operational excellence program related cost-savings initiatives described above, as well as $14.6 million of expense associated with retention awards granted in connection with the eone acquisition. these operating loss increases were partially offset by lower incentive compensation, royalty expenses and lower advertising costs.
segment operating losses in 2021 were primarily driven by stock compensation expense of $20.9 million associated with the contractual accelerated vesting of certain equity awards as a result of the passing of the company's former ceo, higher administrative expenses and advertising costs; including $9.5 million of transaction costs associated with the sale of eone music and higher compensation expense as well as retention costs of $7.6 million in relation to the eone acquisition.
the corporate and other operating loss in 2020 was driven by charges related to the eone acquisition; including acquisition and integration costs of $32.8 million and restructuring costs of $52.6 million, including impairment charges for certain definite-lived intangible assets driven by the change in strategy for the combined company's entertainment assets. in addition to the charges associated with the eone acquisition, the company incurred $8.5 million of severance charges associated with cost-savings initiatives within the company's commercial and film and tv businesses.
operating costs and expenses the company's operating expenses, stated as percentages of net revenues, are illustrated below for the fiscal years ended december 25, 2022, december 26, 2021 and december 27, 2020:
2022                                                                 2021          2020
cost of sales                                      32.6   %      30.0   %      31.5   %
program cost amortization                           9.5           9.8           7.1
royalties                                           8.4           9.7          10.4
product development                                 5.3           4.9           4.7
advertising                                         6.6           7.9           7.6
amortization of intangibles                         1.8           1.8           2.6
selling, distribution and administration           28.4          22.3          22.9
loss on disposal of business                        0.4           1.7             -
acquisition and related costs                         -             -           4.0
operating expenses for 2022, 2021 and 2020 include benefits and expenses related to the following events:
2022
•during 2022, in association with actions taken following the company's strategic review and subsequent blueprint 2.0 strategy shift to focus on fewer, bigger brands, the company incurred:
◦asset impairments and charges of $300.3 million of which $281.0 relates to the partial impairment of the company's definite-lived power rangers intangible asset recorded in selling, distribution and administration within the corporate and other segment, $14.9 million of incurred incremental asset charges recorded within cost of sales related to product cancellations, consisting of inventory and asset write offs within the consumer products segment, and $4.4 million of strategy related asset impairments recorded within program cost amortization, due to the cancellation of certain projects within the entertainment segment; and
◦charges of $22.1 million comprised of a non-cash goodwill impairment loss of $11.8 million and other asset impairments of $10.3 million related to the exit of non-core businesses within the entertainment segment, included in loss on disposal of business.
•in support of blueprint 2.0, hasbro announced an operational excellence program designed to deliver $250-$300 million in annualized run-rate cost savings by year-end 2025. in association with this program the company incurred:
◦severance and other employee charges of $94.1 million associated with cost-savings initiatives across the company, included within selling, distribution and administration; and
◦program related consultant fees and transformation office expenses of $12.3 million included within selling, distribution and administration.
•during 2022, the company incurred incremental intangible amortization costs of $71.4 million related to the intangible assets acquired in the eone acquisition. beginning in 2022, these intangible amortization costs have been allocated between the consumer products and entertainment segments, to match the revenue generated from such intangible assets.
•during 2022, the company incurred $14.6 million of stock based compensation expense associated with retention awards granted in connection with the eone acquisition. these expenses are included within selling, distribution and administration within the corporate and other segment.
2021
•during 2021, in association with the sale of the eone music business, the company incurred a loss of $118.3 million comprised of a goodwill impairment charge of $108.8 million included within loss on disposal of business, and transaction costs of $9.5 million included within selling, distribution and administration.
•during 2021, the company incurred incremental intangible amortization costs of $85.0 million related to the intangible assets acquired in the eone acquisition.
•during 2021, the company incurred $20.9 million of stock based compensation expense associated with the accelerated vesting of certain equity awards as a result of the passing of its former ceo included within selling, distribution and administration.
•during 2021, in association with the company's acquisition of eone, the company incurred stock based compensation expense of $7.7 million for acquisition related equity grants, included within selling, distribution and administration.
2020
•during 2020, in association with the company's acquisition of eone, the company incurred related expenses of $218.6 million, comprised of $145.2 million of acquisition and integration costs and restructuring and related costs of $73.4 million, included within acquisition and related costs.
•during 2020, the company incurred incremental intangible amortization costs of $97.9 million related to the intangible assets acquired in the eone acquisition.
•during 2020 the company incurred $8.5 million of severance charges, associated with cost-savings initiatives recorded within selling, distribution and administration.
cost of sales cost of sales primarily consists of purchased materials, labor, manufacturing overhead and other inventory-related costs such as obsolescence. cost of sales decreased 1% to $1,911.8 million, or 32.6% of net revenues, for the year ended december 25, 2022 compared to $1,927.5 million, or 30.0% of net revenues, for the year ended december 26, 2021. the cost of sales decrease in dollars was driven by lower sales volumes, primarily within the consumer products segment, and most notably in north america, and to a lesser extent europe and asia pacific markets during 2022 compared to 2021. these decreases were partially offset by cost of sales increases within the wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment, reflecting higher tabletop gaming sales during 2022. the cost of sales increase as a percent of net revenues was the result of higher product input costs including higher material costs and higher inventory obsolescence, sales allowances and closeout charges to address excess inventory, most notably within europe and the u.s., partially offset by the benefit of implemented price increases and lower freight costs.
in 2021, cost of sales increased 12% to $1,927.5 million, or 30.0% of net revenues, for the year ended december 26, 2021 compared to $1,718.9 million, or 31.5% of net revenues, for the year ended december 27, 2020. the cost of sales increase in dollars was primarily due to higher sales volumes and higher inventory costs as a result of increased freight costs and, to a lesser extent, the impact of $10.0 million of foreign currency exchange. as a percent of net revenues, the cost of sales decrease was the result of a favorable product mix due to higher sales of wizards of the coast tabletop games and higher entertainment revenues, as well as lower sales allowances and obsolescence charges compared to 2020.
program cost amortization program cost amortization totaled $555.5 million, or 9.5% of net revenues in 2022, compared to $628.6 million, or 9.8% of net revenues in 2021 and $387.1 million, or 7.1% of net revenues, in 2020. the majority of the company's program costs are capitalized as incurred and amortized using the individual-film-forecast method. the company also utilizes the percentage of completion methodology, primarily related to unscripted content. program cost amortization reflects both the phasing of revenues associated with films and television programming, as well as the type of content being produced and distributed. the program cost amortization decrease during 2022 was driven by the volume and mix of programming revenues compared to 2021, partially offset by $4.1 million of asset impairment charges recorded during 2022, related to discontinued projects associated with the exit of non-core business within the entertainment segment.
program production cost amortization increased in dollars and as a percent of net revenues in 2021 as a result of the increase in tv and film deliveries overall, and from the mix of programs delivered, some of which carry higher programming costs. in addition to these increases was amortization of film production costs associated with the my little pony: a new generation film released on netflix in 2021.
royalty expense royalty expense of $493.0 million, or 8.4% of net revenues, in 2022 compared to $620.4 million, or 9.7% of net revenues, in 2021 and $570.0 million, or 10.4% of net revenues, in 2020. fluctuations in royalty expense generally relate to the volume of entertainment-driven products sold in a given period, especially if the company is selling product tied to one or more major motion picture releases in the period. product lines related to hasbro-owned or controlled brands supported by entertainment generally do not incur the same level of royalty expense as licensed properties, particularly products for star wars and marvel properties and certain other licensed properties which carry higher royalty rates than other licensed properties. in 2022, the decrease in royalty expense was driven by lower sales of certain partner brands products which carry higher royalty rates and a change in product mix within the consumer products segment, and to a lesser extent, the mix of entertainment deliveries in 2022 reflecting lower film deliveries compared to 2021. in addition, lower royalty expense in 2022 reflects the impact of the sale of eone music during 2021 and the expiration of certain licensing agreements acquired through the eone acquisition, resulting in lower royalty expenses compared to prior periods.
in 2021, higher royalty expense in dollars was driven primarily by higher sales of partner brand products as compared to 2020, and to a lesser extent, higher expense for guaranteed minimum royalty payments for certain brands. the decrease in royalty expense as a percentage of net revenues was due to product mix, most notably, higher sales of wizards of the coast products, franchise brands and higher sales of certain of the company's emerging brands during 2021. see note 20 to the company's consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k for information on the company's future royalty commitments as of december 25, 2022.
product development product development expense in 2022 totaled $307.9 million, or 5.3% of net revenues, compared to $315.7 million, or 4.9% of net revenues, in 2021. product development expenditures reflect the company's investment in innovation and anticipated growth across our brand portfolio. the decrease in dollars compared to 2021 was driven by lower spending in line with the company's global cost savings initiatives partially offset by higher spending in the wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment in support of the company's core initiatives.
product development expense in 2021 totaled $315.7 million, or 4.9% of net revenues, compared to $259.5 million, or 4.7% of net revenues, in 2020. the increase in 2021 was primarily related to investments in the wizards of the coast & digital gaming segment, for both tabletop and digital gaming initiatives, such as for the development of magic: the gathering tabletop set releases and for the development of digital games such as dungeons & dragons: dark alliance, and to a lesser extent, increased investments in certain other mobile gaming projects and other product lines currently in development. as a percentage of net revenues, the increase in product development expense reflects lower net revenues overall during 2022 compared 2021.
advertising expense advertising expense in 2022 totaled $387.3 million, or 6.6% of net revenues, compared to $506.6 million or 7.9% of net revenues in 2021 and $412.7 million or 7.6% in 2020. the level of the company's advertising expense is generally impacted by revenue mix, the amount and type of theatrical releases and television programming delivered. the advertising expense decrease during 2022 was driven by lower expense within the consumer products segment, reflecting the implementation of the company's blueprint 2.0 strategy shift to focus on fewer, bigger brands and lower advertising expense in the entertainment segment related to the sale of the eone music business and a shift in the type of entertainment releases delivered in 2022. in 2021, higher advertising expense was driven by support for the september 2021 release of my little pony: a new generation and within the wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment, expense in support of the 2021 launch of the mobile version of magic: the gathering arena and dungeons & dragons: dark alliance, with no comparable releases in 2022.
the advertising increase in 2021 reflects growth in revenues compared to 2020 and higher advertising costs in support of magic: the gathering tabletop gaming releases, higher advertising costs in support of the feature length film, my little pony: a new generation, and for the company's digital gaming initiatives, most notably, magic: the gathering arena and dungeons & dragons: dark alliance. these increases were partially offset by reduced promotional spend in the entertainment segment due to fewer theatrical releases in 2021 compared to 2020.
amortization of intangible assets amortization of intangible assets decreased to $105.3 million, or 1.8% of net revenues, in 2022 compared to $116.8 million, or 1.8% of net revenues, in 2021 and $144.7 million, or 2.6% of net revenues in 2020. the decrease in 2022 is the result of the discontinuation of amortization related to the eone music intangible assets following the sale of eone music during 2021. this decline was partially offset by additional expense associated with assets acquired through the d&d beyond acquisition during 2022.
in 2021, the decrease primarily related to certain licensed property rights which became fully amortized in the fourth quarter of 2020 combined with the discontinuation of amortization related to the eone music intangible assets in the second quarter of 2021, upon being classified as held for sale assets and subsequently sold in the third quarter of 2021.
selling, distribution and administration expenses in addition to the following drivers, selling, distribution and administration ("sd&a") expenses include certain charges noted under the operating costs and expenses table above.
sd&a expenses increased to $1,666.1 million, or 28.4% of net revenues in 2022, from $1,432.7 million, or 22.3% of net revenues, in 2021. in 2022, selling, distribution and administration expense reflects lower incentive compensation expense, lower depreciation expense within the wizards of the coast business, most notably due to the release of dungeons & dragons: dark alliance in 2021, with no comparable releases in 2022 and lower shipping costs due to global supply chain improvements during the year. these decreases were wholly offset by the impairment charges and severance and other charges associated with the company's strategic review noted previously, and higher warehousing expenses, primarily in the consumer products segment and, to a lesser extent, the wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment, as a result of higher inventory levels for the year ended december 25, 2022.
in 2021, sd&a increased to $1,432.7 million, or 22.3% of net revenues, from $1,252.1 million or 22.9% of net revenues in 2020. the increase in sd&a expenses was driven primarily by higher marketing and sales costs consistent with the increase in net revenues, higher compensation expense and increased freight and warehousing costs, primarily due to ongoing global supply chain disruptions. in addition, 2021 included higher depreciation expense associated with capitalized games held within the wizards of the coast business. these increases were partially offset by the divestiture of eone music and lower expense for credit losses during 2021.
loss on disposal of business in 2022, the loss on disposal of business of $22.1 million, or 0.4% of net revenues represents non-cash impairment charges associated with the exit of certain non-core businesses within the entertainment segment. the loss on disposal of business of $108.8 million, or 1.7% of net revenues, represents a non-cash impairment charge associated with the disposition of eone music during 2021.
non-operating expense (income)
interest expense interest expense totaled $171.0 million in 2022 compared to $179.7 million in 2021 and $201.1 million in 2020. the decrease in interest expense during 2022 primarily reflects long-term debt repayments made throughout 2021, primarily related to borrowings utilized for the eone acquisition, partially offset by higher interest expense related to borrowings from the company's production financing credit facilities. the decrease in 2021 compared to 2020 reflects the repayment of eone acquisition related long-term borrowings during 2021 and lower interest rates. these 2021 decreases were partially offset by expense related to higher production financing borrowings compared to 2020.
interest income interest income was $11.8 million in 2022 compared to $5.4 million in 2021 and $7.4 million in 2020. higher interest income in 2022 primarily reflects higher average interest rates in 2022 compared to 2021. lower interest income in 2021 compared to 2020 is primarily the result of lower cash balances due to long-term debt repayments and lower average interest rates in 2021.
other (income) expense, net other (income) expense, net was $(13.0) million, $7.1 million and $(14.0) million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the following table outlines major contributors to other (income) expense, net, expressed in millions of dollars.
2022                                                                         2021                    2020
earnings from discovery family channel       (8.1)                      (20.8)                  (21.8)
foreign currency (gains) losses              $(5.3)                     $(5.1)                    $2.1
loss (gain) on investments                   (1.1)                       (3.8)                     7.3
loss (gain) on pp&amp;e                      0.4                         (0.2)                   (4.9)
legal settlement                             -                          (26.7)                   (3.2)
discovery family channel option              -                          (20.1)                   (1.5)
discovery family channel impairment          -                            74.1                       -
other                                        1.1                           9.7                     8.0
$(13.0)                       7.1                  (14.0)
•earnings from the discovery joint venture are comprised of the company's share in the results of the discovery family channel (the "network").
•foreign currency (gains) losses reflect fluctuations of foreign currency translation across the company's international markets against the u.s. dollar.
•the 2022 gain on investments primarily reflects an increase in fair value of the company's available for sale investment as well as further recoupment of the 2020 loss on investments. during 2021, the gain on investments primarily reflects a recoupment of the 2020 loss on investments, which was driven by a partial write off of an investment in quibi, a mobile streaming service, which was obtained as part of the eone acquisition.
•the gain on pp&e in 2020 reflects a $6.1 million gain related to the sale of the dragonvale software and brand.
•during the 2021, the company realized a gain of $26.7 million from a legal settlement related to a historical eone dispute.
•in relation to the discovery joint venture, hasbro and discovery have a put/call option on the share of the discovery family channel. the option's fair value is periodically re-measured and in 2021, as a result of the discovery family channel impairment, the adjustment of the option's fair value resulted in a $20.1 million gain. in 2020, the company recorded a gain of $1.5 million due to the option's value decrease.
•during 2021, the company recorded an impairment loss of $74.1 million related to its investment in discovery family channel. the network projected a significant decline in affiliate revenue driven by changes in the cable distribution industry due to a decline in linear subscribers.
income taxes income tax expense totaled 22.4% of pre-tax earnings in 2022 compared with 25.2% in 2021 and 30.0% in 2020. our effective tax rate is affected by recurring items, such as tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amounts of income we earn in those jurisdictions. it is also affected by discrete items that may occur in any given year but are not consistent from year to year. income tax expense for 2022 includes a net discrete benefit primarily related to: (i) favorable return to provision adjustments; offset by (ii) a discrete expense recording a valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets due to russia's on-going conflict with ukraine. income tax expense for 2021 includes a net discrete expense primarily related to: (i) a non-deductible impairment charge from the sale of eone music; and (ii) the remeasurement of uk net deferred tax liability as a result of the united kingdom's enactment of finance act 2021; offset by (iii) a benefit from the release of uncertain tax positions resulting from a change in management judgement and (iv) discrete tax planning benefits. income tax expense for 2020 includes a discrete net tax benefit primarily related to: (i) eone acquisition and related costs; (ii) the remeasurement of uk net deferred tax liability as a result of the united kingdom's enactment of finance act 2020; and (iii) an increase of uncertain tax positions based on changes in management judgment; offset by tax planning, including planning directly related to the eone integration.
subsequent to the united states passing the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the tax act), the company has greater flexibility to manage cash globally. the company intends to repatriate the accumulated foreign earnings as needed from time to time. the company still has significant cash needs outside the united states and continues to consistently monitor and analyze its global working capital and cash requirements. as of 2022, we have recorded $3.6 million of foreign withholding and u.s. state income tax liability. the company will continue to record additional tax effects, if any, in the period that the on-going distribution analysis is completed and is able to make reasonable estimates.
new accounting pronouncements as of december 25, 2022, there were no recently adopted accounting standards that had a material effect on the company's financial statements. the company's significant accounting policies are summarized in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k.
recently issued accounting pronouncements in march of 2020, the fasb issued accounting standards update no. 2020-04 (asu 2020-04) reference rate reform (topic 848): facilitation of the effects of reference rate reform on financial reporting. the amendments in this update provided optional expedients and exceptions for applying u.s. gaap to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions, for a limited period of time, to ease the potential burden of recognizing the effects of reference rate reform on financial reporting. the amendments in this update applied to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions that reference the london inter-bank offered rate ("libor") or another reference rate expected to be discontinued due to the global transition away from libor and certain other interbank offered rates. the amendments in this update were effective for all entities as of march 12, 2020 through december 31, 2022. the change from libor to an alternate rate did not have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
other information russian sanctions as a result of the military conflict in ukraine, which has led to sanctions and other penalties being levied by the united states, european union and other countries against russia, the company paused all shipments and new content distribution into russia. the impact to the company's operating results includes a loss of both revenue and operating profit, as well as a tax charge associated with recording a valuation allowance against local deferred tax assets. as of december 25, 2022, the company has exhausted all locally held inventories, recovered all receivables and released all reserves in russia.
liquidity and capital resources the company has historically generated a significant amount of cash from operations. in 2022, the company primarily funded its operations and liquidity needs through cash on hand and from cash flows from operations, and when needed, used borrowings under its available lines of credit. in addition, the company's entertainment operating segment used production financing to fund certain of its television and film productions which are typically arranged on an individual production basis by using either the company's revolving film and television production credit facility or through special purpose production subsidiaries. for more information on the company's production financing facilities, including expected future repayments, see notes 9 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k.
during 2023, the company expects to continue to fund its working capital needs primarily through available cash, cash flows from operations and from production financing facilities and, if needed, by issuing commercial paper or borrowing under its revolving credit agreement. in the event that the company is not able to issue commercial paper, the company intends to utilize its available lines of credit. the company believes that the funds available to it, including cash expected to be generated from operations, funds available through its commercial paper program or its available lines of credit and production financing, are adequate to meet its working capital needs for 2023, including the repayment of the current portion of long-term debt of $113.2 million, as shown on the consolidated balance sheets which represents the current portion of required quarterly principal amortization payments for our term loan facilities and other production financing facilities, each as described below. the company may also issue debt or equity securities from time to time, to provide additional sources of liquidity when pursuing opportunities to enhance our long-term competitive position, while maintaining a strong balance sheet. however, unexpected events or circumstances such as material operating losses or increased capital or other expenditures, or the inability to otherwise access the commercial paper market, may reduce or eliminate the availability of external financial resources. in addition, significant disruptions to credit markets may also reduce or eliminate the availability of external financial resources. although the company believes the risk of nonperformance by the counterparties to its financial facilities is not significant, in times of severe economic downturn in the credit markets, it is possible that one or more sources of external financing may be unable or unwilling to provide funding to the company.
as of december 25, 2022, the company's cash and cash equivalents totaled $513.1 million, of which $14.5 million is restricted under the company's production financing facilities. prior to 2017, deferred income taxes had not been provided on the majority of undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries as such earnings were indefinitely reinvested by the company. accordingly, such international cash balances were not available to fund cash requirements in the united states unless the company was to change its reinvestment policy. the company has maintained sufficient sources of cash in the united states to fund cash requirements without the need to repatriate any funds. the tax act provided significant changes to the u.s. tax system including the elimination of the ability to defer u.s. income tax on unrepatriated earnings by imposing a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on undistributed foreign earnings. as of december 25, 2022, the company had a total liability of $137.7 million related to this tax, $34.4 million is reflected in current liabilities while the remaining long-term payable related to the tax act of $103.3 million is presented within other liabilities, non-current on the consolidated balance sheets included in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k. as permitted by the tax act, the company will pay the transition tax in annual interest-free installments through 2025 as follows: 2023: $34.4 million; 2024: $45.9 million; and 2025: $57.4 million. as a result, in the future, the related earnings in foreign jurisdictions will be made available with greater investment flexibility. the majority of the company's cash and cash equivalents held outside of the united states as of december 25, 2022 are denominated in the u.s. dollar.
the table below outlines key financial information pertaining to our consolidated balance sheets including the year-over-year changes, expressed in millions of dollars.
2022                                                                                                                                                 %                         2021                    %                         2020
cash and cash equivalents, net of short-term borrowings (including restricted cash of $14.5, $35.8 and $73.2)           $513.1                 -50   %                  $1,019.2                 -30   %                  $1,449.7
accounts receivable, net                                                                                               1,132.4                 -25   %                   1,500.4                   8   %                   1,391.7
inventories                                                                                                              676.8                  23   %                     552.1                  40   %                     395.6
prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                                                676.8                   3   %                     656.4                   8   %                     609.6
other assets                                                                                                           1,589.3                  23   %                   1,297.0                   3   %                   1,260.3
accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                               1,934.1                 -14   %                   2,255.0                  15   %                   1,964.1
other liabilities                                                                                                        533.1                 -21   %                     670.7                 -16   %                     794.0
accounts receivable, net decreased 25% in 2022 compared to 2021. the decrease in accounts receivable was driven by lower sales and improved collections across the majority of the company's markets during 2022. days sales outstanding decreased from 68 days at december 26, 2021 to 61 days at december 25, 2022, primarily due to the decrease in revenues and mix of sales, primarily in the u.s. during 2022 as well as from the improved collections described above. in 2021, accounts receivable balances increased 8% as a result of higher sales, partially offset by improved collections, most notably in the company's european and latin american markets. days sales outstanding decreased from 74 days at december 27, 2020 to 68 days at december 26, 2021, primarily due to the increase in revenues, mix of sales and improved collections during 2021.
inventories increased 23% in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflecting accelerated inventory purchases attributable to the company's consumer products and wizards of the coast businesses to mitigate the impact of certain global supply chain challenges experienced throughout 2021 and into 2022. beginning late in 2022, certain global supply chain constraints began to subside resulting in reduced in transit times, most notably in the u.s. and europe, which combined with lower than anticipated consumer products sales, contributed to the company's higher inventory levels. in 2021, inventories increased 40% compared to 2020 reflecting increased lead-times from supply chain disruptions, as well as higher freight-in costs, primarily in the u.s. and europe, impacting the company's consumer products and wizards of the coast tabletop gaming businesses. this increase was partially offset by lower inventory levels in the company's asia pacific and latin american markets.
prepaid expenses and other current assets increased 3% in 2022 compared to 2021. the increase was driven by higher accrued royalty and licensing balances, primarily attributable to the company's entertainment business as well as the reclassification of accrued income balances from long-term to current. these increases were partially offset by lower prepaid royalty balances in relation to the company's marvel, power rangers and disney princess royalty agreements, the disposal of certain entertainment assets in relation to the exit of certain non-core businesses within the entertainment segment and from lower prepaid income tax balances during 2022. in
2021, prepaid expenses and other current assets increased 8% compared to 2020 due to higher accrued tax credit balances related to film and television production costs, due to increased productions and timing of tax credit claims, as well as higher unrealized gains on foreign exchange contracts. these increases were partially offset by lower accrued income and prepaid expense balances associated with the sale of eone music, lower prepaid royalty balances in relation to the 2020 extension of company's marvel and lucasfilm royalty agreements and lower prepaid tax balances.
other assets increased 23% in 2022 compared to 2021. the increase was primarily driven by higher deferred tax balances, higher investments in film and television productions and higher non-current receivable balances within the entertainment segment. these increases were partially offset by a lower balance for the company's investment in discovery family channel, due to distributions received during 2022. other assets increased 3% in 2021 compared to 2020. the increase was driven by higher investments in film and television productions, higher investments in content development and higher long-term accrued income balances related to certain of the company's content distribution arrangements.
accounts payable and accrued liabilities decreased 14% in 2022 compared to 2021. the drivers of the decrease include lower accounts payable balances associated with the company's global cost savings initiatives and the timing of payments in 2022, lower incentive bonus accruals, lower accrued royalty balances as a result of partner brand product sales declines, lower accrued freight balances due to improving supply chain conditions within certain markets, as well as the disposal of certain entertainment liabilities in relation to the exit of non-core businesses within the entertainment segment. these decreases were partially offset by higher severance accrual balances related to certain cost savings initiatives mentioned above. accounts payable and accrued liabilities increased 15% in 2021 compared to 2020 as a result of higher account payable balances driven by an extension of payable terms, higher accrued expenses for investments in content and productions, higher accrued freight balances due to increased costs as a result of supply chain disruptions and higher incentive compensation accruals. these increases were partially offset by lower accrued participations and residuals, lower balances of certain accounts payable and accrued liabilities associated with the sale of eone music and lower severance accruals from payments made in relation to restructuring actions taken in 2018 and eone integration severance in 2020.
other liabilities decreased 21% in 2022 compared to 2021. the decrease was driven by a lower transition tax liability balance reflecting the reclassification of the 2022 installment payment due april 2023, lower long-term lease liability balances, lower deferred tax balances reflecting the amortization of certain deferred tax liabilities and the impact of foreign exchange revaluation, primarily related to the british pound. these decreases were partially offset by an increase to the liability for uncertain tax positions, primarily related to the capitalization of research and experimentation expenditures. other liabilities decreased 16% in 2021 compared to 2020. the decrease was primarily driven by lower long-term lease liability balances, a lower transition tax liability balance and lower tax reserves. these decreases were partially offset by higher deferred compensation reserve balances.
cash flow the following table summarizes the changes in the consolidated statement of cash flows included in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k, expressed in millions of dollars, for each of the years ended december 25, 2022, december 26, 2021 and december 27, 2020.
2022                                                                        2021                         2020
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                      $372.9                       $817.9                       $976.3
investing activities                     (313.0)                        242.0                    (4,500.2)
financing activities                     (553.3)                    (1,459.8)                        405.9
in 2022, 2021 and 2020, hasbro generated $372.9 million, $817.9 million and $976.3 million of cash from its operating activities, respectively. operating cash flows in 2022, 2021 and 2020 included $767.7 million, $697.3 million and $438.9 million, respectively, of cash used for television program and film production. the decrease in cash provided by operating activities during 2022 was attributable to lower earnings and higher working capital requirements, including cash utilized for accounts payable and higher spend for television program and film production. the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities during 2021, was primarily attributable to the increased spend for television program and film production, as well as an increase in working capital cash outflows associated with increased accounts receivable and inventory balances as noted above. these outflows were partially offset by higher earnings in 2021 and favorable changes in accounts payable terms in certain markets.
net cash flows utilized for investing activities were $313.0 million in 2022 compared to net cash flows provided by investing activities of $242.0 million in 2021 and net cash flows utilized for investing activities of $4,500.2 million in 2020. investing activities in 2022 reflect a cash payment of $146.3 million related to the d&d beyond acquisition during the second quarter of 2022. investing activities in 2021 include $378.5 million of proceeds, net of cash sold, from the sale of eone music. investing activities in 2020 reflect $4.4 billion of cash utilized to acquire eone, net of cash acquired. the d&d beyond acquisition during 2022 was funded with cash on hand. the net proceeds received from the sale of eone music during 2021 were used for long-term debt repayments as part of the company's plan to accelerate deleveraging, and for general corporate purposes to run the business. the cash used for the purchase of eone in 2020 consisted of the net proceeds from the issuance of an aggregate principal amount of $2.4 billion in senior unsecured notes in november 2019, net proceeds $975.2 million from of the issuance of approximately 10.6 million shares of common stock in november 2019 and $1.0 billion in term loans drawn in the first quarter of 2020. additions to property, plant and equipment were $174.2 million, $132.7 million and $125.8 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. of these additions, 44% in 2022, 52% in 2021 and 51% in 2020 were for purchases of tools, dies and molds related to the company's products. during the fiscal years ended december 25, 2022, december 26, 2021 and december 27, 2020, the depreciation of plant and equipment was $127.3 million, $163.3 million and $120.2 million, respectively. fluctuations in depreciation of plant and equipment correlate with the percentage of additions to property, plant and equipment relating to tools, dies and molds which have shorter useful lives and accelerated depreciation.
net cash (utilized) provided by financing activities was $(553.3) million, $(1,459.8) million, and $405.9 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
net cash utilized for financing activities in 2022 included payments totaling $87.5 million related to the $1.0 billion in term loans described below, consisting of a $50.0 million principal and quarterly principal amortization payments of $37.5 million toward the five-year tranche loan. in addition, cash utilized for financing activities included as drawdowns of $258.6 million and repayments of $231.5 million related to production financing loans and cash payments of $125.0 million to repurchases the company's common stock.
net cash utilized for financing activities in 2021 included repayment of $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.15% notes due 2021, during the first quarter; early repayment of $300.0 million aggregate principal of 2.60% notes due 2022 and related debt extinguishment costs of $9.1 million during the third quarter; payments totaling $480 million related to the $1.0 billion in term loans consisting of $300.0 million for the remaining principal balance of the three-year tranche loans and $150.0 million principal and quarterly principal amortization payments totaling $30 million toward the five-year tranche loan; and drawdowns of $144.0 million and repayments of $140.1 million related to production financing loans.
net cash provided by financing activities in 2020 included the drawdown of the company's $1.0 billion in term loans, as well as drawdowns of $115.6 million related to production financing loans. partially offsetting these cash inflows were production financing loan repayments of $159.8 million, payments of $47.4 million associated with the redemption of eone stock awards that were accelerated as a result of the acquisition and payments totaling $122.5 million towards the $1.0 billion term loans described above.
dividends paid were $385.3 million in 2022, $374.5 million in 2021 and $372.7 million in 2020 reflecting the company's quarterly dividend rate increase from $0.68 per share in 2020 and 2021, to $0.70 per share in 2022. net repayments of short-term borrowings were $141.7 million, $5.6 million and $8.6 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the company generated cash from employee stock option transactions of $74.2 million, $30.6 million, and $16.6 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the company paid withholding taxes related to share-based compensation of $24.0 million, $13.7 million and $6.0 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
sources and uses of cash the company commits to inventory production, advertising and marketing expenditures in support of its consumer products business, prior to the peak fourth quarter retail selling season. accounts receivable increase during the third and fourth quarter as customers increase their purchases to meet expected consumer demand in their holiday selling season. due to the concentrated timeframe of this selling period, payments for these accounts receivable are generally not due until the fourth quarter or early in the first quarter of the subsequent year. this timing difference between expenditures and cash collections on accounts receivable sometimes makes it necessary for the company to borrow amounts during the latter part of the year. in the company's entertainment business, cash expenditures for productions are often made well in advance of sale and delivery of the content produced whereas trading card and digital gaming revenues have shorter collection periods, but product development expense often occurs years prior to release and revenue generation. during 2022, 2021 and 2020 the company primarily used cash from operations and, to a lesser extent, borrowings under available lines of credit, in particular production financing vehicles, to fund its working capital.
the company has an agreement with a group of banks which provides for a commercial paper program (the "program"). under the program, at the request of the company and subject to market conditions, the banks may either purchase from the company, or arrange for the sale by the company, of unsecured commercial paper notes. the company may issue notes from time to time up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any given time of $1.0 billion. the maturities of the notes may vary but may not exceed 397 days. the notes are sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and are issued at a discount to par, or alternatively, sold at par and bear varying interest rates based on a fixed or floating rate basis. the interest rates vary based on market conditions and the ratings assigned to the notes by the credit rating agencies at the time of issuance. subject to market conditions, the company intends to utilize the program as its primary short-term borrowing facility and does not intend to sell unsecured commercial paper notes in excess of the available amount under the revolving credit agreement discussed below. if, for any reason, the company is unable to access the commercial paper market, the company intends to use the revolving credit agreement to meet the company's short-term liquidity needs. at december 25, 2022, the company had no outstanding borrowings related to the program.
the company has a second amended and restated revolving credit agreement with bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, swing line lender and a letter of credit issuer and lender and certain other financial institutions, as lenders thereto (the "amended revolving credit agreement"), which provides the company with commitments having a maximum aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion. the amended revolving credit agreement also provides for a potential additional incremental commitment increase of up to $500.0 million subject to agreement of the lenders. the amended revolving credit agreement contains certain financial covenants setting forth leverage and coverage requirements, and certain other limitations typical of an investment grade facility, including with respect to liens, mergers and incurrence of indebtedness. the amended revolving credit agreement extends through september 20, 2024. the company was in compliance with all covenants as of december 25, 2022. the company had no borrowings outstanding under its committed revolving credit facility as of december 25, 2022. however, letters of credit outstanding under this facility as of december 25, 2022 were approximately $4.0 million. amounts available and unused under the committed line, at december 25, 2022 were approximately $1.5 billion, inclusive of borrowings under the company's commercial paper program. the company also has other uncommitted lines from various banks, of which approximately $8.7 million was utilized at december 25, 2022. of the amount utilized under, or supported by, the uncommitted lines, approximately $7.9 million and $0.8 million represent letters of credit and outstanding short-term borrowings, respectively.
in september of 2019, the company entered into a $1.0 billion term loan agreement (the "term loan agreement") with bank of america n.a. ("bank of america"), as administrative agent, and certain financial institutions as lenders, pursuant to which such lenders committed to provide, contingent upon the completion of the eone acquisition and certain other customary conditions to funding, (1) a three-year senior unsecured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $400.0 million (the "three-year tranche") and (2) a five-year senior unsecured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $600.0 million (the "five-year tranche" and together with the three-year tranche, the "term loan facilities"). on december 30, 2019, the company completed the acquisition of eone and on that date, borrowed the full amount of $1.0 billion under the term loan facilities. as of december 25, 2022, the company has fully repaid the three-year tranche $400.0 million principal term loan, and of the five-year tranche $600.0 million principal balance, the company has repaid a total of $290.0 million in the following increments: $22.5 million in 2020; $180.0 million in 2021; and, $87.5 million in 2022.
the company is subject to certain financial covenants contained in this agreement and, as of december 25, 2022, the company was in compliance with these covenants. the terms of the term loan facilities are described in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k.
during november 2019, in conjunction with the company's acquisition of eone, the company issued an aggregate of $2.4 billion of senior unsecured debt securities (collectively, the "notes") consisting of the following tranches: $300 million of notes due 2022 (the "2022 notes") that bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.60%; $500 million of notes due 2024 (the "2024 notes") that bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.00%; $675 million of notes due 2026 (the "2026 notes") that bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.55%; and $900 million of notes due 2029 (the "2029 notes") that bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.90%. during the third quarter of 2021, the company repaid in full, its 2022 notes in the aggregate principal amount of $300.0 million, including early redemption premiums and accrued interest of $10.8 million. the terms of the notes are described in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k.
the company uses production financing facilities to fund its film and television productions which are arranged on an individual production basis by either special purpose production subsidiaries, each secured by the assets and future revenues of such production subsidiaries, which are non-recourse to the company's assets, or through a senior revolving credit facility obtained in november 2021, dedicated to production financing. the company's senior revolving film and television production credit facility (the "rpcf") with mufg union bank, n.a., as administrative agent and lender and certain other financial institutions, as lenders thereto (the "revolving production financing agreement") provides the company with commitments having a maximum aggregate principal amount of $250.0 million. the revolving production financing agreement also provides the company with the option to request a commitment increase up to an aggregate additional amount of $150.0 million subject to agreement of the lenders. the revolving production financing agreement extends through november 22, 2024. the company uses the rpcf to fund certain of the company's original film and tv production costs. borrowings under the rpcf are non-recourse to the company's assets. the company expects to utilize the revolving production financing facility for the majority of its future production financing needs. during 2022, the company had total drawdowns of $258.6 million and repayments of $231.5 million towards these production financing facilities. as of december 25, 2022, the company had outstanding production financing borrowings related to these facilities of $195.6 million, $53.2 million of which are recorded within the current portion of long-term debt and $142.4 million are recorded within short-term borrowings in the company's consolidated balance sheets, included in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k.
the company has principal amounts of long-term debt at december 25, 2022 of $3.8 billion due at varying times from 2024 through 2044. of the total principal amount of long-term debt, $113.2 million is current at december 25, 2022 of which $60.0 million is related to principal amortization of the 5-year term loans due december 2024 and $53.2 million represents the company's outstanding production financing facilities at december 25, 2022. in addition to the early repayment of the 2022 notes described above, during the first quarter of 2021, the company repaid in full, its 3.15% notes in the aggregate principal amount of $300.0 million due in may 2021, including accrued interest. see note 11 and note 20 to the company's consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k for additional information on long-term debt and long-term debt interest repayment, respectively.
under a multi-year game production agreement entered with cartamundi, the company has purchase commitments of $85.0 million in 2023. the company also has various third-party, inventory and tooling purchase commitments related primarily to the company's consumer products segment which may total approximately $367.7 million in 2023. these payments exclude inventory and tooling purchase liabilities included in accounts payable or accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 25, 2022.
share repurchases and dividends the company has a long history of returning cash to its shareholders through quarterly dividends and share repurchases. hasbro increased its quarterly dividend rate from $0.68 per share to $0.70 per share effective for the dividend paid in may 2022. in addition to the dividend, the company periodically returns cash to shareholders through its share repurchase program. as part of this initiative, since 2005 the company's board of directors (the "board") adopted numerous share repurchase authorizations with a cumulative authorized repurchase amount of $4.3 billion. the most recent authorization was approved in may 2018 for $500 million. following the company's acquisition of eone, the company temporarily suspended its share repurchase program to prioritize deleveraging. during the second quarter of 2022, given the company's progress towards reducing debt, the company resumed its share repurchase activity and has since repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares at a total cost of $125.0 million and at an average price of $87.46 per share. at december 25, 2022, hasbro had $241.6 million remaining available under these share repurchase authorizations. the company has no obligation to repurchase shares under the authorization, and the timing, actual number, and value of the shares that are repurchased, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including the price of the company's stock and the company's generation of, and uses for, cash.
the company believes that cash from operations, and, if necessary, its committed line of credit and other borrowing facilities, will allow the company to meet its obligations over the next twelve months.
critical accounting policies and significant estimates the company prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. as such, management is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that it believes are reasonable based on information available. these estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the periods presented. the critical accounting policies which management believes are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating the company's reported financial results include film and television production costs, recoverability of goodwill, intangible assets, income taxes and business combinations. additionally, the company identified the valuation of the company's equity method investment in discovery family channel as a significant accounting estimate.
film and television production costs the company incurs certain costs in connection with the production of television programs and films which are capitalized as they are incurred, the majority of which are amortized using the individual-film-forecast method. these costs, which include direct production costs, development costs, acquisition and inventory costs as well as residuals and participations, are amortized in the proportion that the current year's revenues bear to management's estimate of total ultimate revenues as of the beginning of each fiscal year related to the film or television program. these capitalized costs are reported at the lower of cost, less accumulated amortization, or fair value, and reviewed for impairment when an event or change in circumstances occurs that indicates that impairment may exist. the fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow model which is primarily based on management's future revenue and cost estimates.
the most significant estimates are those used in the determination of ultimate revenue in the individual-film-forecast method. ultimate revenue estimates impact the timing of program production cost amortization in the consolidated statements of operations. ultimate revenue includes revenue from all sources that are estimated to be earned related to a film or television program and include theatrical exhibition; first run program distribution fees; toy, game and other consumer product licensing fees; and other revenue sources, such as secondary market home entertainment formats and subscription video on demand services. our ultimate revenue estimates for each film or television program are developed based on our estimates of expected future results. we review and revise these estimates at each reporting date to reflect the most current available information. when estimates for a film or television program are revised, the difference between the program production cost amortization determined using the revised estimate and any amounts previously expensed during that fiscal year, are included as an adjustment to program production cost amortization in the consolidated statements of operations in the period in which the estimates are revised. prior period amounts are not adjusted for subsequent changes in estimates. factors that can impact our revenue estimates include the historical performance of similar films and television programs, expected distribution platforms, factors unique to our television and film content and the success of our program-related toy, game and other merchandise.
recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets the company tests goodwill for impairment at least annually. if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the company will perform an interim goodwill impairment test at that time. the company may perform a qualitative assessment and bypass the quantitative impairment testing process, if it is not more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value.
if it is more likely than not the carrying value exceeds its fair value, a quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed. when performing a quantitative impairment test, goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value to the estimated fair value of the reporting unit which is calculated using an income approach. other intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment by comparing their carrying value to their estimated fair value.
on may 19, 2022, the company completed its acquisition of d&d beyond for $146.3 million, which was funded with cash on hand. based on the valuation of these assets, $64.7 million was allocated to goodwill within the wizards of the coast and digital gaming segment during the second quarter of 2022.
during the third quarter of 2022, the company determined to exit certain non-core businesses within the entertainment segment. a revaluation of the effected businesses resulted in a pre-tax non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $11.8 million, recorded within loss on assets held for sale in the consolidated statement of operations, and within the entertainment segment for the quarter ended september 25, 2022.
during the fourth quarter of 2022, the company performed a qualitative goodwill assessment with respect to each of its reporting units. based on its qualitative assessments, the company determined it is not more likely than not that the carrying value exceeds the fair value for any of its reporting units and as a result, the company concluded it was not necessary to perform a quantitative test for impairment of goodwill for any of its reporting units during 2022.
during the first quarter of 2021, the company realigned its financial reporting structure creating the following three principal reporting segments: consumer products, wizards of the coast and digital gaming and entertainment. as a result of these changes, the company reallocated its goodwill among the revised reporting units based on the change in relative fair values of the respective reporting units. see note 6 to the company's consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k for details on the allocation of goodwill across the company's new reporting structure.
in conjunction with the goodwill reallocation described above, during the first quarter of 2021, the company performed a qualitative impairment test of goodwill balances held by the reporting units impacted by the segment realignment. the reporting units were tested as of december 28, 2020 and included our europe, asia pacific, global consumer products licensing, wizards of the coast and family brands reporting units. based on the results of the goodwill assessment, we determined that the fair values of each of these reporting units exceeded their carrying values, and as such, we concluded that there was no indication of goodwill impairment for these reporting units as of december 28, 2020.
in the third quarter 2021, the company sold eone music for net proceeds of $397.0 million. the company acquired eone music through its acquisition of eone in fiscal 2020. based on the value of the net assets held by eone music, which included certain goodwill and intangible assets allocated as described above, to the eone reportable segment and attributable to eone music, the company recorded a pre-tax non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $108.8 million within loss on disposal of business on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 26, 2021. see note 6 to the company's consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k for details on the eone music goodwill impairment.
during the fourth quarter of 2021, the company performed a quantitative goodwill analysis with respect to each of its reporting units to determine the existence and extent of any impairment. the quantitative analysis concluded that the fair values of the company's reporting units exceeded their carrying values. as a result of these assessments, the company concluded there was no impairment to any of its reporting units as of december 26, 2021 other than the music impairment loss noted above.
the estimation of future cash flows utilized in the evaluation of the company's goodwill requires significant judgments and estimates with respect to future revenues related to the respective asset and the future cash outlays related to those revenues. actual revenues and related cash flows or changes in anticipated revenues and related cash flows could result in a change in this assessment and result in an impairment charge. the estimation of discounted cash flows also requires the selection of an appropriate discount rate. the use of different assumptions would increase or decrease estimated discounted cash flows and could increase or decrease the related impairment charge.
intangible assets, other than those with indefinite lives, are reviewed for indications of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.
during the fourth quarter of 2022, following the decision to cancel certain projects in conjunction with the company's blueprint 2.0 strategy shift, it was determined that there was a partial impairment of the company's definite-lived power rangers intangible asset. as a result of these cancelled projects, changes to anticipated revenues and related cash flows led to the determination that carrying values of these intangible assets exceeded their related estimated future cash flows, thus indicating impairment. as a result, charges of $281.0 million were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022 within selling, distribution and administration within the corporate and other segment.
during 2020, the company determined that certain of its definite-lived intangible entertainment and production assets related to properties, from both the legacy hasbro business as well as properties acquired through the eone acquisition, were impaired. it was determined that the carrying values of these intangible assets exceeded their related future cash flows, thus indicating impairment. as a result, charges of $20.1 and $30.7 million were recorded in the first and fourth quarters of 2020, respectively, within acquisition and related costs in the company's consolidated statement of operations, included in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k.
there were no other triggering events in 2022, 2021 or 2020 which would indicate the company's intangible assets were impaired.
income taxes the company's annual income tax rate is based on its income, statutory tax rates, changes in prior tax positions and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. significant judgment and estimates are required to determine the company's annual tax rate and evaluate its tax positions. despite the company's belief that its tax return positions are fully supportable, these positions are subject to challenge and estimated liabilities are established in the event that these positions are challenged, and the company is not successful in defending these challenges. these estimated liabilities, as well as the related interest, are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances such as the progress of a tax audit.
in may 2019, a public referendum held in switzerland approved the swiss federal act on tax reform and ahv financing (traf) proposals previously approved by the swiss parliament. the swiss tax reform measures were effective on january 1, 2020. changes in tax reform include the abolishment of preferential tax regimes for holding companies, domicile companies and mixed companies at the cantonal level. the enacted changes in swiss federal and cantonal tax, including cantonal transitional provisions adopted in 2021, were not material to the company's financial statements.
in certain cases, tax law requires items to be included in the company's income tax returns at a different time than when these items are recognized in the consolidated financial statements or at a different amount than that which is recognized in the consolidated financial statements. some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible on the company's tax returns, while other differences are temporary and will reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. these differences that will reverse over time are recorded as deferred tax assets and liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. deferred tax assets represent deductions that have been reflected in the consolidated financial statements but have not yet been reflected in the company's income tax returns. valuation allowances are established against deferred tax assets to the extent that it is determined that the company will have insufficient future taxable income, including capital gains, to fully realize the future deductions or capital losses. deferred tax liabilities represent expenses recognized on the company's income tax return that have not yet been recognized in the company's consolidated financial statements or income recognized in the consolidated financial statements that has not yet been recognized in the company's income tax return.
business combinations the company accounts for business combination under fasb accounting standards codification topic 805, business combinations ("topic 805"). identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interests in the acquiree are recognized and measured as of the acquisition date at fair value. goodwill is recognized to the extent by which the aggregate of the acquisition-date fair value of the consideration transferred and any noncontrolling interests in the acquiree exceed the recognized basis of the identifiable assets acquired, net of assumed liabilities. determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests requires management's judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash flows, discount rates and asset lives among other items.
valuation of equity method investment in discovery family channel the company owns an interest in a joint venture, discovery family channel ("the network"), with discovery communications, inc. ("discovery"). the company has determined that it does not meet the control requirements to consolidate the network and accounts for the investment using the equity method of accounting. the network was established to create a cable television network in the united states dedicated to high-quality children's and family entertainment. in october 2009, the company purchased an initial 50% share in the network for a payment of $300 million and certain future tax payments based on the value of certain tax benefits expected to be received by the company. in september 2014, the company and discovery amended their relationship with respect to the network and discovery increased its equity interest in the network to 60% while the company retained a 40% equity interest in the network. in connection with the amendment, the company and discovery entered into an option agreement related to the company's remaining 40% ownership in the network, initially exercisable during the one-year period following december 31, 2021. during 2022, the company and discovery agreed to extend the option exercise window to march 31, 2025. the exercise price of the option agreement is based upon 80% of the then fair market value of the network, subject to a fair market value floor.
the company tests its equity method investment in the network for impairment annually. if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, the company will perform an interim test at that time. the company's valuation of its equity method investment in the network includes assumptions surrounding forecasted revenue and expenses, a discount rate and a terminal growth rate, which are used to estimate the fair value of the investment and involve a high degree of subjectivity given the volatility in consumer interest when choosing entertainment media.
during the fourth quarter of 2021, the company reviewed its investment in the network for impairment and concluded that the fair value of the company's interest in the joint venture was less than its carrying value. recent accelerating changes in the cable distribution industry, including technological changes and expanding options for digital content offerings, has resulted in the fragmentation of viewership, declines in subscribers to the traditional cable bundle, and pricing pressure. these factors led to a lower valuation of the network as compared to its carrying value. as a result, the company recorded an impairment loss of $74.1 million, related to its investment in the network, which is included in other (income) expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 26, 2021. as result of the network's revaluation, during the fourth quarter of 2021, the company recorded a gain of $20.1 million in relation to the company's discovery option agreement described above. during the fourth quarter of 2022, the company reviewed its investment in the network for impairment and concluded there was no impairment to its investment in the network as of december 25, 2022.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments in the normal course of its business, the company enters into contracts related to obtaining rights to produce products under license, which may require the payment of minimum guarantees. in addition, the company enters into contractual commitments to obtain film and television content distribution rights and minimum guarantee commitments related to the purchase of film and television rights for content to be delivered in the future. the company has also entered into operating leases for certain facilities and equipment. in addition, the company has $3,711.2 million in principal amount of long-term debt outstanding at december 25, 2022. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8. financial statements, of this form 10-k for further information on the company's contractual obligations and commercial commitments.
other expected future payments from time to time, the company may be party to arrangements, contractual or otherwise, whereby the company may not be able to estimate the ultimate timing or amount of the related payments. these amounts are described below:
•included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at december 25, 2022, the company has a liability of $69.1 million of potential tax, interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions that have been taken or are expected to be taken in various income tax returns. the company does not know the ultimate resolution of these uncertain tax positions and as such, does not know the ultimate amount or timing of payments related to this liability.
•at december 25, 2022, the company had letters of credit and related instruments of approximately $11.9 million.
the company believes that cash from operations and funds available through its commercial paper program or lines of credit, as described above under "liquidity and capital resources", will allow the company to meet these and the other contractual obligations and commercial commitments described above.
financial risk management the company is exposed to market risks attributable to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates primarily as the result of sourcing products priced in u.s. dollars, hong kong dollars and euros while marketing and selling those products in more than twenty currencies. results of operations may be affected primarily by changes in the value of the u.s. dollar, euro, british pound sterling, canadian dollar, brazilian real, and mexican peso and, to a lesser extent, other currencies in latin american and asia pacific countries.
to manage this exposure, the company has hedged a portion of its forecasted foreign currency transactions using foreign exchange forward contracts and foreign exchange option contracts. at december 25, 2022, the company estimates that a hypothetical immediate 10% depreciation of the u.s. dollar against all foreign currencies included in these foreign exchange forward contracts could result in an approximate $21.8 million decrease in the fair value of these instruments. a decrease in the fair value of these instruments would be offset by increases in the value of the forecasted foreign currency transactions.
the company is also exposed to foreign currency risk with respect to its net cash and cash equivalents or short-term borrowing positions in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. the company believes, however, that the on-going risk on the net exposure should not be material to its financial condition. in addition, the company's revenues and costs have been and will likely continue to be affected by changes in foreign currency rates. a significant change in foreign exchange rates can materially impact the company's revenues and earnings due to translation of foreign-denominated revenues and expenses. the company does not hedge against translation impacts of foreign exchange. from time to time, affiliates of the company may make or receive intercompany loans in currencies other than their functional currency. the company manages this exposure at the time the loan is made by using foreign exchange contracts.
the company reflects all derivatives at their fair value as an asset or liability on the consolidated balance sheets. the company does not speculate in foreign currency exchange contracts. at december 25, 2022, these contracts had net unrealized gains of $5.0 million, of which $7.5 million are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets, $0.3 million are recorded in other assets, $2.8 million are recorded in accrued liabilities. included in accumulated other comprehensive earnings at december 25, 2022 are deferred gains of $3.0 million, net of tax, related to these derivatives.
at december 25, 2022, the company had fixed rate long-term debt of $3,484.9 million. in may 2014 the company issued an aggregate $600.0 million of long-term debt which consisted of $300.0 million of 3.15% notes, subsequently repaid in 2021, and $300.0 million of 5.10% notes due 2044. prior to the may 2014 debt issuance, the company entered into forward-starting interest rate swap agreements with a total notional value of $500.0 million to hedge the anticipated underlying u.s. treasury interest rate. these interest rate swaps were matched with this debt issuance and were designated and effective as hedges of the change in future interest payments. at the date of issuance, the company terminated these swap agreements and their fair value at the date of issuance was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss and is being amortized through the consolidated statements of operations using an effective interest rate method over the life of the related debt. included in accumulated other comprehensive loss at december 25, 2022 are deferred losses, net of tax, of $14.9 million related to these derivatives.
industry trends, the economy and inflation the principal market for the company's toys and games and licensed consumer products, is the retail sector. revenues from the company's top five retail customers, accounted for approximately 35% of its consolidated net revenues in 2022, 36% in 2021 and 35% of its consolidated net revenues in 2020. the company monitors the creditworthiness of its customers and adjusts credit policies and limits as it deems appropriate.
the company's revenue pattern continues to show the second half of the year to be more significant to its overall business for the full year. in 2022, approximately 57% of the company's full year net revenues were recognized in the second half of the year. the company expects that this concentration will continue. the concentration of sales in the second half of the year increases the risk of (a) underproduction of popular items, (b) overproduction of less popular items, and (c) failure to achieve tight and compressed shipping schedules. the business of the company is characterized by customer order patterns which vary from year to year largely because of differences in the degree of consumer acceptance of a product line, product availability, marketing strategies, inventory levels, policies of retailers and differences in overall economic conditions. larger retailers generally maintain lower inventories throughout the year and purchase a greater percentage of product within or close to the fourth quarter holiday consumer buying season, which includes christmas.
quick response inventory management practices being used by retailers as well as growth in ecommerce result in orders increasingly placed for immediate delivery and fewer orders placed well in advance of shipment. retailers are timing their orders so that they are filled by suppliers closer to the time of purchase by consumers. to the extent that retailers do not sell as much of their year-end inventory purchases during this holiday selling season as they had anticipated, their demand for additional product earlier in the following fiscal year may be curtailed, thus negatively impacting the company's future revenues. in 2022, the company's inventory levels increased 23% compared to 2021. this increase reflects the impact of global supply chain disruptions, which began in late 2020 and continued into 2022, related to the covid-19 pandemic and its after-effects. during the first half of 2022, the company accelerated certain inventory purchases to ensure sufficient finished goods and raw material availability ahead of expected periods of high consumer demand. however, during the third quarter of 2022, as the effects of supply chain disruptions began to subside, most notably in the u.s, and europe, the accelerated inventory purchases did not see corresponding increases in sales as consumers were impacted by the economic environment, including lower discretionary consumer income due to higher inflation and rising interest rates, leading to higher inventory levels as compared to prior years. in response, during the third quarter the company launched incremental year-over-year promotional activity behind key holiday toy and game items to reduce inventory on hand and at retail and is continuing to manage inventory levels through closeout sales and by monitoring consumer purchase patterns to ensure adequate supply of new product while clearing excess supply to mitigate the risk of inventory obsolescence.
in addition to these inventory management challenges, the bankruptcy or other lack of success of one of the company's significant retailers could negatively impact the company's future revenues.
unlike the company's retail sales patterns, revenue patterns from the company's entertainment businesses fluctuate based on the timing and popularity of television, film, streaming and digital content releases. release dates are determined by factors including the timing of holiday periods, geographical release dates and competition in the market. in addition, entertainment business operating results fluctuate due to expenses recorded in relation to film and television productions and content such as program amortization costs and advertising expenses, which are incurred and recognized, beginning prior to initial releases and then continue throughout the related distribution windows.
inflation the impact of inflation on the company's business operations has been significant during 2022; however, due to mitigating actions taken by the company, such as price increases where deemed necessary, the impact of general price inflation on our financial position and results of operations has been reduced. the company monitors the impact of inflation to its business operations on an ongoing basis and may need to adjust its prices further to mitigate the impact of changes to the rate of inflation in future periods. however, future volatility of general price inflation could affect consumer purchases of our products and spending on entertainment. additionally, the impact of inflation on costs and availability of materials, costs for shipping and warehousing and other operational overhead, could adversely affect the company's financial results.
other information the company is not aware of any material amounts of potential exposure relating to environmental matters and does not believe its environmental compliance costs or liabilities to be material to its operating results or financial position.
