item 1a. risk factors risks relating to our business if we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, if the premiums we charge are insufficient to cover the cost of health care services delivered to our members, if we are unable to implement clinical initiatives to provide a better health care experience for our members, lower costs and appropriately document the risk profile of our members, or if our estimates of benefits expense are inadequate, our profitability may be materially adversely affected. we estimate the costs of our benefits expense payments, and design and price our products accordingly, using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon, among other relevant factors, claim payment patterns, medical cost inflation, and historical developments such as claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns. these estimates involve extensive judgment, and have considerable inherent variability because they are extremely sensitive to changes in claim payment patterns and medical cost trends. accordingly, our reserves may be insufficient.
we use a substantial portion of our revenues to pay the costs of health care services delivered to our members, including claims payments, capitation payments to providers (predetermined amounts paid to cover services), estimates of future payments to hospitals and others for medical care provided to our members, and various other costs. generally, premiums in the health care business are fixed for one-year periods. accordingly, costs we incur in excess of our benefit cost projections generally are not recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. we estimate the costs of our future benefit claims and other expenses using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon claim payment patterns, medical inflation, historical developments, including claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns, and other relevant factors. we also record benefits payable for future payments. we continually review estimates of future payments relating to benefit claims costs for services incurred in the current and prior periods and make necessary adjustments to our reserves, including premium deficiency reserves where appropriate. however, these estimates involve extensive judgment, and have considerable inherent variability that is sensitive to claim payment patterns and medical cost trends. many factors may and often do cause actual health care costs to exceed what was estimated and used to set our premiums. these factors may include:
•increased use of medical facilities and services, and the increased cost of such services;
•increased use or cost of prescription drugs, including specialty prescription drugs;
•the introduction of new or costly treatments, prescription drugs, or new technologies;
•our membership mix;
•variances in actual versus estimated levels of cost associated with new products, benefits or lines of business, product changes or benefit level changes;
•changes in the demographic characteristics of an account or market;
•changes or reductions of our utilization management functions such as preauthorization of services, concurrent review or requirements for physician referrals;
•changes in our purchase discounts or pharmacy volume rebates received from drug manufacturers and wholesalers, which are generally passed on to clients in the form of steeper price discounts;
•catastrophes, including acts of terrorism, public health emergencies, epidemics or pandemics (such as the spread of covid-19 or natural disasters (such as hurricanes and earthquakes) which could occur more frequently or with more intense effects as a result of the impact of global climate change;
•medical cost inflation; and
•government mandated benefits, member eligibility criteria, or other legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes.
key to our operational strategy is the implementation of clinical initiatives that we believe provide a better health care experience for our members, lower the cost of healthcare services delivered to our members, and appropriately document the risk profile of our members. our profitability and competitiveness depend in large part on our ability to appropriately manage health care costs through, among other things, the application of medical management programs such as our chronic care management program.
while we proactively attempt to effectively manage our operating expenses, increases or decreases in staff-related expenses, any costs associated with exiting products, additional investment in new products (including our opportunities in the medicare programs, state-based contracts, and expansion of clinical capabilities as part of our integrated care delivery model), investments in health and well-being product offerings, acquisitions, new taxes and assessments, inflation,and implementation of regulatory requirements may increase our operating expenses.
failure to adequately price our products or estimate sufficient benefits payable or effectively manage our operating expenses, may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
we are in a highly competitive industry. some of our competitors are more established in the health care industry in terms of a larger market share and have greater financial resources than we do in some markets. in addition, other companies may enter our markets in the future, including emerging competitors in the medicare program or competitors in the delivery of health care services. we believe that barriers to entry in our markets are not substantial, so the addition of new competitors can occur relatively easily, and customers enjoy significant flexibility in moving between competitors through the medicare annual enrollment period. in addition, contracts for the sale of group commercial products are generally bid upon or renewed annually. while health plans compete on the basis of many factors, including service and the quality and depth of provider networks, we expect that price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. in addition to the challenge of controlling health care costs, we face intense competitive pressure to contain premium prices. factors such as business consolidations, strategic alliances, legislative reform, and marketing practices create pressure to contain premium price increases, despite being faced with increasing medical and administrative costs.
the policies and decisions of the federal and state governments regarding the medicare advantage and prescription drug plans, military and medicaid programs in which we participate have a substantial impact on our profitability. these governmental policies and decisions, which we cannot predict with certainty, directly shape the premiums or other revenues to us under the programs, the eligibility and enrollment of our members, the services we provide to our members, and our administrative, health care services, and other costs associated with these programs. legislative or regulatory actions, such as changes to the programs in which we participate, those resulting in a reduction in premium payments to us, an increase in our cost of administrative and health care services, or additional fees, taxes or assessments, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
premium increases, introduction of new product designs, and our relationships with our providers in various markets, among other issues, could also affect our membership levels. other actions that could affect membership levels include our possible exit from or entrance into medicare or commercial markets, or the termination of a large contract.
if we do not compete effectively in our markets, if we set rates too high or too low in highly competitive markets to keep or increase our market share, if membership does not increase as we expect, if membership declines, or if we lose membership with favorable medical cost experience while retaining or increasing membership with unfavorable medical cost experience, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
if we fail to effectively implement our operational and strategic initiatives, including our medicare initiatives, which are of particular importance given the concentration of our revenues in these products, our state-based contracts strategy, the growth of our centerwell businesses, and our integrated care delivery model, our business may be materially adversely affected. in addition, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our star ratings in future years.
our future performance depends in large part upon our ability to execute our strategy, including opportunities created by the expansion of our medicare programs, our strategy with respect to state-based contracts, including those covering members dually eligible for the medicare and medicaid programs, the growth of our pharmacy, provider services, and home solutions businesses, and the successful implementation of our integrated care delivery model.
we have made substantial investments in the medicare program to enhance our ability to participate in these programs. the growth of our medicare products is an important part of our business strategy, and the attendant concentration of revenues intensifies the risks to us inherent in medicare products. any failure to achieve this growth may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
the achievement of star ratings of 4-star or higher qualifies medicare advantage plans for premium bonuses. our medicare advantage plans' operating results may be significantly affected by their star ratings. despite our operational efforts to improve our star ratings, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our star ratings in future years. in addition, audits of our performance for past or future periods may result in downgrades to our star ratings. accordingly, our plans may not be eligible for full level quality bonuses, which could adversely affect the benefits such plans can offer, reduce membership and/or reduce profit margins.
if we fail to properly maintain the integrity of our data, to strategically maintain existing or implement new information systems, or to protect our proprietary rights to our systems, our business may be materially adversely affected.
our business depends significantly on effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to run our business. our business strategy involves providing members and providers with easy to use products that leverage our information to meet their needs. our ability to adequately price our products and services, provide effective and efficient service to our customers, and to timely and accurately report our financial results depends significantly on the integrity of the data in our information systems. these systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop and integrate new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences, and even with such resources there is no assurance that we will be able to do so. if the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to improve service levels or maintain effectively our information systems and data integrity, we could have operational disruptions, problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing, customer and health care provider disputes, regulatory or other legal problems, difficulty preventing and detecting fraud, have increases in operating expenses, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, or other adverse consequences, each of which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
we depend on independent third parties for significant portions of our systems-related support, equipment, facilities, and certain data, including data center operations, data network, voice communication services and pharmacy data processing. this dependence makes our operations vulnerable to such third parties' failure to perform adequately under the contract, due to internal or external factors. a change in service providers could result in a decline in service quality and effectiveness or less favorable contract terms which may adversely affect our operating results.
we rely on our agreements with customers and service providers, confidentiality agreements with employees, and our trade secrets and copyrights to protect our proprietary rights. these legal protections and precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information. the misappropriation of our proprietary information could hinder our ability to market and sell products and services and may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
if we, and the third-party service providers on whom we rely, are unable to defend our information technology security systems against cybersecurity attacks or prevent other privacy or data security incidents that result in security breaches that disrupt our operations or in the unintentional dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could be exposed to significant regulatory fines or penalties, liability or reputational damage, or experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
in the ordinary course of our business, we process, store and transmit large amounts of data, and rely on third-party service providers to do the same, including sensitive personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or a third-party. we have been, and will likely continue to be, regular targets of attempted cybersecurity attacks and other security threats and may be subject to breaches of our information technology security systems. although the impact of such attacks has not been material to our operations or results of operations, financial position, or cash flow through december 31, 2022, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to detect, prevent, or contain the effects of such cybersecurity attacks or other information security risks or threats in the future. a cybersecurity attack may penetrate our layered security controls and misappropriate or compromise sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information or that of third-parties, create system disruptions, cause shutdowns, or deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our systems. a cybersecurity attack that bypasses our it security systems, or the security of third-party service providers, could materially affect us due to the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential data or intellectual property, operational or business delays resulting from the disruption of our it systems, or negative publicity resulting in reputation or brand damage with our members, customers, providers, and other stakeholders.
the costs to detect, prevent, eliminate or address cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities before or after an incident could be substantial. our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential members. in addition, breaches of our security measures or the security measures of third-party service providers, and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information about us or our members or other third-parties, could expose our associates' or members' private information and result in the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third-parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in significant regulatory fines or penalties, litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business.
we are involved in various legal actions and governmental and internal investigations, any of which, if resolved unfavorably to us, could result in substantial monetary damages or changes in our business practices. increased litigation and negative publicity could increase our cost of doing business.
we are or may become a party to a variety of legal actions that affect our business, including breach of contract actions, employment compensation and other labor and employment practice suits, employee benefit claims, stockholder suits and other securities laws claims, intellectual and other property claims, and tort claims.
in addition, because of the nature of the health care business, we are subject to a variety of legal actions relating to our business operations, including the design, management, and offering of products and services. these include and could include in the future: claims relating to the methodologies for calculating premiums; claims relating to the denial of health care benefit payments; claims relating to the denial or rescission of insurance coverage; challenges to the use of some software products used in administering claims; claims relating to our administration of our medicare part d offerings; medical malpractice actions brought against our employed providers or affiliated physician-owned professional groups, based on our medical necessity decisions or brought against us on the theory that we are liable for a third-party providers' alleged malpractice; claims arising from any adverse medical consequences resulting from our recommendations about the appropriateness of providers' proposed medical treatment plans for patients; allegations of anti-competitive and unfair business activities; provider disputes over compensation or non-acceptance or termination of provider contracts; disputes related to aso business, including actions alleging claim administration errors; false claims litigation, such as qui tam lawsuits, brought by individuals who seek to sue on behalf of the government, alleging that we, as a government contractor, submitted false claims to the government or retained overpayments from the government, among other allegations, resulting from coding and review practices under the medicare risk-adjustment model; claims related to the failure to disclose some business practices; claims relating to customer audits and contract performance; claims relating to dispensing of drugs associated with our in-house dispensing pharmacies; and professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services to the public.
in some cases, substantial non-economic or punitive damages as well as treble damages under the federal false claims act, racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act and other statutes may be sought.
while we currently have insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities, other potential liabilities may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage, or the amount of our insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded. in addition, some types of damages, like punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance. in some jurisdictions, coverage of punitive damages is prohibited. insurance coverage for all or some forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future.
the health benefits industry continues to receive significant negative publicity reflecting the public perception of the industry. this publicity and perception have been accompanied by increased litigation, including some large jury awards, legislative activity, regulation, and governmental review of industry practices. these factors may materially adversely affect our ability to market our products or services, may require us to change our products or services or otherwise change our business practices, may increase the regulatory burdens under which we operate, and may require us to pay large judgments or fines. any combination of these factors could further increase our cost of doing business and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
see "legal proceedings and certain regulatory matters" in note 17 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data. we cannot predict the outcome of these matters with certainty.
as a government contractor, we are exposed to risks that may materially adversely affect our business or our willingness or ability to participate in government health care programs.
a significant portion of our revenues relates to federal and state government health care coverage programs, including the medicare, military, and medicaid programs. these programs accounted for approximately 88% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022. these programs involve various risks, as described further below.
•at december 31, 2022, under our contracts with cms we provided health insurance coverage to approximately 771,900 individual medicare advantage members in florida. these contracts accounted for approximately 14% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022. the loss of these and other cms contracts (which are generally renewed annually) or significant changes in the medicare advantage and prescription drug plan programs as a result of legislative or regulatory action, including changes to the part d prescription drug benefit design or reductions in premium payments to us or increases in member benefits or changes to member eligibility criteria without corresponding increases in premium payments to us, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
•our military services business, which accounted for approximately 1% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily consisted of the tricare t2017 east region contract. the t2017 east region contract is a consolidation of the former t3 north and south regions, comprising 32 states and approximately six million tricare beneficiaries, under which delivery of health care services commenced on january 1, 2018. on december 23, 2022, the department of defense ("dod") exercised its option to extend the t2017 east region contract, adding option periods 6 & 7, and exercised option period 6 which extends the t2017 east region contract through december 31, 2023. on december 22, 2022, we were notified by the dod that we were awarded the new contract for the tricare east region, with delivery of health care services expected to commence in 2024. the next generation east region contract awards may be subject to protests by unsuccessful bidders before the u.s. court of federal claims. the loss of the current t2017 east region contract or an overturn of the award of the new east region contract to us, should either occur, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
•cms uses a risk-adjustment model which adjusts premiums paid to medicare advantage, or ma, plans according to health status of covered members. the risk-adjustment model, which cms implemented pursuant to the balanced budget act of 1997 (bba) and the benefits improvement and protection act of 2000 (bipa), generally pays more where a plan's membership has higher expected costs. under this model, rates paid to ma plans are based on actuarially determined bids, which include a process whereby our prospective payments are based on our estimated cost of providing standard medicare-covered benefits to an enrollee with a "national average risk profile." that baseline payment amount is adjusted to account for certain demographic characteristics and health status of our enrolled members. under the risk-adjustment methodology, all ma plans must collect from providers and submit the necessary diagnosis code information to cms within prescribed deadlines. the cms risk-adjustment model uses the diagnosis data, collected from providers, to calculate the health status-related risk-adjusted premium payment to ma plans, which cms further adjusts for coding pattern differences between the health plans and the government fee-for-service (ffs) program. we generally rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to cms as the basis for our health status-adjusted payment received from cms under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. we also rely on these providers to document appropriately all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. in addition, we conduct medical record reviews as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately reflect diagnosis conditions under the risk adjustment model.
cms and the office of the inspector general of health and human services, or hhs-oig, perform audits of various companies' risk adjustment diagnosis data submissions. we refer to these audits as risk-adjustment data validation audits, or radv audits. radv audits review medical records in an attempt to validate provider medical record documentation and coding practices that influence the calculation of health status-related premium payments to ma plans.
in 2012, cms released an ma contract-level radv methodology that would extrapolate the results of each cms radv audit sample to the audited ma contract's entire health status-related risk adjusted premium amount for the year under audit. in doing so, cms recognized "that the documentation standard used in radv audits to determine a contract's payment error (medical records) is different from the documentation standard used to develop the part c risk-adjustment model (ffs claims)." to correct for this difference, cms stated that it would apply a "fee-for-service adjuster (ffs adjuster)" as "an offset to the preliminary recovery amount." this adjuster would be "calculated by cms based on a radv-like review of records submitted to support ffs claims data." cms stated that this methodology would apply to audits beginning with py 2011. humana relied on cms's 2012 guidance in submitting ma bids to cms. humana also launched a "self-audits" program in 2013 that applied cms's 2012 radv audit methodology and included an estimated ffs adjuster. humana completed self-audits for pys 2011-2016 and reported results to cms.
in october 2018, however, cms issued a proposed rule announcing possible changes to the radv audit methodology, including elimination of the ffs adjuster. cms proposed applying its revised methodology, including extrapolated recoveries without application of a ffs adjuster, to radv audits dating back to py 2011. on january 30, 2023, cms published a final rule related to the radv audit methodology (final radv rule). the final radv rule confirmed cms's decision to eliminate the ffs adjuster. the final radv rule states cms's intention to extrapolate results from cms and hhs-oig radv audits beginning with py 2018, rather than py 2011 as proposed. however, cms's final radv rule does not adopt a specific sampling, extrapolation or audit methodology. cms instead stated its general plan to rely on "any statistically valid method . . . that is determined to be well-suited to a particular audit."
humana is considering its legal options with respect to cms's changed position on the ffs adjuster and seeking clarity regarding our compliance obligations in light of the final radv rule. we believe that the final radv rule fails to address adequately the statutory requirement of actuarial equivalence. further, humana's actuarially certified bids through py 2023 preserved humana's position that cms should apply an ffs adjuster in any radv audit that cms intends to extrapolate. we expect cms to apply the final radv rule, including the first application of extrapolated audit results to determine audit settlements without a ffs adjuster, to cms and hhs-oig radv audits conducted for py 2018 and subsequent years. the final radv rule, including the lack of a ffs adjuster, and any related regulatory, industry or company reactions, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
in addition, as part of our internal compliance efforts, we routinely perform ordinary course reviews of our internal business processes related to, among other things, our risk coding and data submissions in connection with the risk adjustment model. these reviews may also result in the identification of errors and the submission of corrections to cms that may, either individually or in the aggregate, be material. as such, the result of these reviews may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
as we explore our legal options and compliance obligations, we remain committed to working alongside cms to promote the integrity of the ma program as well as affordability and cost certainty for our members. it is critical that ma plans are paid accurately and that payment model principles, including the application of a ffs adjuster, are in accordance with the requirements of the social security act, which, if not implemented correctly could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
•our cms contracts which cover members' prescription drugs under medicare part d contain provisions for risk sharing and certain payments for prescription drug costs for which we are not at risk. these provisions, certain of which are described below, affect our ultimate payments from cms.
the premiums from cms are subject to risk corridor provisions which compare costs targeted in our annual bids to actual prescription drug costs, limited to actual costs that would have been incurred under the standard coverage as defined by cms. variances exceeding certain thresholds may result in cms making additional payments to us or require us to refund to cms a portion of the premiums we received (known as a "risk corridor"). we estimate and recognize an adjustment to premiums revenue related to the risk corridor payment settlement based upon pharmacy claims experience. the estimate of the settlement associated with these risk corridor provisions requires us to consider factors that may not be certain, including member eligibility differences with cms.
reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies represent payments from cms in connection with the medicare part d program for which we assume no risk. reinsurance subsidies represent payments for cms's portion of claims costs which exceed the member's out-of-pocket threshold, or the catastrophic coverage level. low-income cost subsidies represent payments from cms for all or a portion of the deductible, the coinsurance and co-payment amounts above the out-of-pocket threshold for low-income beneficiaries. monthly prospective payments from cms for reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies are based on assumptions submitted with our annual bid. a reconciliation and settlement of cms's prospective subsidies against actual prescription drug costs we paid is made after the end of the applicable year.
settlement of the reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies as well as the risk corridor payment is based on a reconciliation made approximately 9 months after the close of each calendar year. this reconciliation process requires us to submit claims data necessary for cms to administer the program. our claims data may not pass cms's claims edit processes due to various reasons, including discrepancies in eligibility or classification of low-income members. to the extent our data does not pass cms's claim edit processes, we may bear the risk for all or a portion of the claim which otherwise may have been subject to the risk corridor provision or payment which we would have otherwise received as a low-income subsidy or reinsurance claim. in addition, in the event the settlement represents an amount cms owes us, there is a negative impact on our cash flows and financial condition as a result of financing cms's share of the risk. the opposite is true in the event the settlement represents an amount we owe cms. further, legislative or regulatory changes to how actual prescription drug costs are reported or calculated or other changes to the part d prescription drug benefit design may lower reinsurance or low-income cost subsidies paid by cms and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
•we are subject to various other governmental audits and investigations. under state laws, our hmos and health insurance companies are audited by state departments of insurance for financial and contractual compliance. our hmos are audited for compliance with health services by state departments of health. audits and investigations, including audits of risk adjustment data, are also conducted by state attorneys general, cms, hhs-oig, the office of personnel management, the department of justice, the department of labor, and the defense contract audit agency. all of these activities could result in the loss of licensure or temporary or permanent exclusion from participating in various government health care programs (such as medicare and medicaid), including a limitation on our ability to market or sell products, the imposition of fines, penalties and other civil and criminal sanctions, or changes in our business practices. the outcome of any current or future governmental or internal investigations cannot be accurately predicted, nor can we predict any resulting penalties, fines or other sanctions that may be imposed at the discretion of federal or state regulatory authorities. nevertheless, it is reasonably possible that any such outcome of litigation, penalties, fines or other sanctions could be substantial, and the outcome of these matters may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. certain of these matters could also affect our reputation. in addition, disclosure of any adverse investigation or audit results or sanctions could negatively affect our industry or our reputation in various markets and make it more difficult for us to sell our products and services.
our business activities are subject to substantial government regulation. new laws or regulations, or legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes in existing laws or regulations or their manner of application could increase our cost of doing business and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, or cash flows.
new laws or regulations, or future legislative, judicial or regulatory changes we are and will continue to be regularly subject to new laws and regulations, changes to existing laws and regulations, and judicial determinations that impact the interpretation and applicability of those laws and regulations. the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010 (which we collectively refer to as the health care reform law), the families first coronavirus response act (the "families first act"), the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act"), and the inflation reduction act of 2022 (the "inflation reduction act"), and related regulations, are examples of laws which have enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the u.s. health insurance industry, including among others, mandated coverage requirements, mandated benefits and guarantee issuance associated with commercial medical insurance, rebates to policyholders based on minimum benefit ratios, adjustments to medicare advantage premiums, the establishment of federally facilitated or state-based exchanges coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers, the introduction of plan designs based on set actuarial values, and changes to the part d prescription drug benefit design.
it is reasonably possible that these laws and regulations, as well as other current or future legislative, judicial or regulatory changes (including further legislative or regulatory action taken in response to covid-19), including restrictions on our ability to manage our provider network or otherwise operate our business, or restrictions on profitability, including reviews by regulatory bodies that may compare our medicare advantage business profitability to our non-medicare advantage business profitability, or compare the profitability of various products within our medicare advantage business, and require that they remain within certain ranges of each other, increases in member benefits or changes to member eligibility criteria without corresponding increases in premium payments to us, increases in regulation of our prescription drug benefit businesses, or changes to the part d prescription drug benefit design may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations (including restricting revenue, enrollment and premium growth in certain products and market segments, restricting our ability to expand into new markets, increasing our medical and operating costs, further lowering our medicare payment rates and increasing our expenses associated with assessments); our financial position (including our ability to maintain the value of our goodwill); and our cash flows.
additionally, potential legislative changes or judicial determinations, including activities to repeal or replace these laws and regulations, including the health care reform law or declare all or certain portions of these laws and regulations unconstitutional or contrary to law, create uncertainty for our business, and we cannot predict when, or in what form, such legislative changes or judicial determinations may occur.
health insurance portability and accountability act (hipaa) and the health information technology for economic and clinical health act (hitech act)
the use of individually identifiable health data by our business is regulated at federal and state levels. these laws and rules are changed frequently by legislation or administrative interpretation. various state laws address the use and maintenance of individually identifiable health data. most are derived from the privacy provisions in the federal gramm-leach-bliley act and the health insurance portability and accountability act, or hipaa. hipaa includes administrative provisions directed at simplifying electronic data interchange through standardizing transactions, establishing uniform health care provider, payer, and employer identifiers, and seeking protections for the confidentiality and security of patient data. the rules do not provide for complete federal preemption of state laws, but rather preempt all inconsistent state laws unless the state law is more stringent. these regulations set standards for the security of electronic health information, including requirements that insurers provide customers with notice regarding how their non-public personal information is used, including an opportunity to "opt out" of certain disclosures.
the hitech act, one part of the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009, significantly broadened and strengthened the scope of the privacy and security regulations of hipaa and imposes additional limits on the use and disclosure of protected health information, or phi. among other requirements, the hitech act and hipaa requires us and other covered entities to report any unauthorized release or use of or access to phi to any impacted individuals and to hhs in those instances where the unauthorized activity poses a significant risk of financial, reputational or other harm to the individuals, and to notify the media in any states where 500 or more people are impacted by any unauthorized release or use of or access to phi, requires business associates to comply with certain provisions of the hipaa privacy and security rule, and grants enforcement authority to state attorneys general in addition to the hhs office of civil rights.
in addition, there are numerous federal and state laws and regulations addressing patient and consumer privacy concerns, including unauthorized access or theft of personal information. state statutes and regulations vary from state to state and could impose additional penalties. violations of hipaa or applicable federal or state laws or regulations could subject us to significant criminal or civil penalties, including significant monetary penalties. compliance with hipaa and other privacy regulations requires significant systems enhancements, training and administrative effort. hipaa can also expose us to additional liability for violations by our business associates (e.g., entities that provide services to health plans and providers).
corporate practice of medicine and other laws as a corporate entity, humana inc. is not licensed to practice medicine. many states in which we operate through our subsidiaries limit the practice of medicine to licensed individuals or professional organizations comprised of licensed individuals, and business corporations generally may not exercise control over the medical decisions of physicians. statutes and regulations relating to the practice of medicine, fee-splitting between physicians and referral sources, and similar issues vary widely from state to state. under management agreements between certain of our subsidiaries and affiliated physician-owned professional groups, these groups retain sole responsibility for all medical decisions, as well as for hiring and managing physicians and other licensed healthcare providers, developing operating policies and procedures, implementing professional standards and controls, and maintaining malpractice insurance. we believe that our health services operations comply with applicable state statutes regarding corporate practice of medicine, fee-splitting, and similar issues. however, any enforcement actions by governmental officials alleging non-compliance with these statutes, which could subject us to penalties or restructuring or reorganization of our business, may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
anti-kickback, physician self-referral, and other fraud and abuse laws we are subject to various federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws including the federal false claims act (the "false claims act"), the federal anti-kickback statute (the "anti-kickback statute"), the federal "stark law," and related state laws. potential sanctions for violating these laws include recoupment or reduction of government reimbursement amounts, civil penalties, treble damages, and exclusion from participating in the medicare and medicaid programs or other government healthcare programs. the false claims act prohibits knowingly submitting, conspiring to submit, or causing to be submitted, false claims, records, or statements to the federal government, or intentionally failing to return overpayments, in connection with reimbursement by federal government programs. the anti-kickback statute prohibits the offer, payment, solicitation, or receipt of any form of remuneration to induce, or in return for, the referral of business under medicare or other governmental health program. the stark law prohibits physicians from referring medicare or medicaid beneficiaries for certain services to any entity with which the physician, or an immediate family member of the physician, has a financial relationship, unless the financial relationship fits within a permissible exception.
many states also have enacted laws similar in scope and purpose to the anti-kickback statute and, in more limited instances, the stark law, that are not limited to services for which medicare or medicaid payment is made. in addition, most states have statutes, regulations, or professional codes that restrict a physician from accepting various kinds of remuneration in exchange for making referrals. these laws vary from state to state and have seldom been interpreted by the courts or regulatory agencies. in states that have enacted these statutes, we believe that regulatory authorities and state courts interpreting these statutes may regard federal law under the anti-kickback statute and the stark law as persuasive.
we believe that our operations comply with the anti-kickback statute, the stark law, and similar federal or state laws addressing fraud and abuse. these laws are subject to modification and changes in interpretation, and are enforced by authorities vested with broad discretion. we continually monitor developments in this area. if these laws are interpreted in a manner contrary to our interpretation or are reinterpreted or amended, or if new legislation is enacted with respect to healthcare fraud and abuse, illegal remuneration, or similar issues, we may be required to restructure our affected operations to maintain compliance with applicable law. there can be no assurances that any such restructuring will be possible or, if possible, would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
state regulation of our products and services laws in each of the states (and puerto rico) in which we operate our hmos, ppos and other health insurance-related services regulate our operations including: capital adequacy and other licensing requirements, policy language describing benefits, mandated benefits and processes, entry, withdrawal or re-entry into a state or market, rate increases, delivery systems, utilization review procedures, quality assurance, complaint systems, enrollment requirements, claim payments, marketing, and advertising. the hmo, ppo, and other health insurance-related products we offer are sold under licenses issued by the applicable insurance regulators.
our licensed insurance subsidiaries are also subject to regulation under state insurance holding company and puerto rico regulations. these regulations generally require, among other things, prior approval and/or notice of new products, rates, benefit changes, and certain material transactions, including dividend payments, purchases or sales of assets, intercompany agreements, and the filing of various financial and operational reports.
certain of our healthcare services businesses require a certificate of need, or con, to operate in certain states. these states restrict the entry of new providers or services and the expansion of existing providers or services in their state through a con process, which is periodically evaluated and updated as required by applicable state law. to the extent that we require a con or other similar approvals to expand our operations, our expansion could be adversely affected by our inability to obtain the necessary approval. to the extent laws in these con states change, including the elimination of the con requirement, the intangible value associated with these cons may be impaired.
any failure by us to manage acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
as part of our business strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties regarding possible investments, acquisitions, divestitures, strategic alliances, joint ventures, and outsourcing transactions and often enter into agreements relating to such transactions in order to further our business objectives. in order to pursue our acquisition strategy successfully, we must identify suitable candidates for and successfully complete transactions, some of which may be large and complex, and manage post-closing issues such as the integration of acquired companies or employees. integration and other risks can be more pronounced for larger and more complicated transactions, transactions outside of our core business space, or if multiple transactions are pursued simultaneously. the failure to successfully integrate acquired entities and businesses or failure to produce results consistent with the financial model used in the analysis of our transactions may cause asset write-offs, restructuring costs or other expenses and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. if we fail to identify and complete successfully transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend resources to develop products and technology internally. in addition, from time to time, we evaluate alternatives for our businesses that do not meet our strategic, growth or profitability objectives, and we may divest or wind down such businesses. there can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any such divestiture on terms favorable to us, and the divestiture of certain businesses could result, individually or in the aggregate, in the recognition of material losses and a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with the providers of care to our members, our business may be adversely affected.
we employ or contract with physicians, hospitals and other providers to deliver health care to our members. our products encourage or require our customers to use these contracted providers. a key component of our integrated care delivery strategy is to increase the number of providers who share medical cost risk with us or have financial incentives to deliver quality medical services in a cost-effective manner.
in any particular market, providers could refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher health care costs for us, less desirable products for customers and members or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. in some markets, some providers, particularly hospitals, physician specialty groups, physician/hospital organizations, or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions and negotiating power. in addition, physician or practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage, may compete directly with us. if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate unfavorable contracts with us or place us at a competitive disadvantage, or do not enter into contracts with us that encourage the delivery of quality medical services in a cost-effective manner, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas may be adversely affected.
in some situations, we have contracts with individual or groups of primary care providers for an actuarially determined, fixed fee per month to provide a basket of required medical services to our members. this type of contract is referred to as a "capitation" contract. the inability of providers to properly manage costs under these capitation arrangements can result in the financial instability of these providers and the termination of their relationship with us. in addition, payment or other disputes between a primary care provider and specialists with whom the primary care provider contracts can result in a disruption in the provision of services to our members or a reduction in the services available to our members. the financial instability or failure of a primary care provider to pay other providers for services rendered could lead those other providers to demand payment from us even though we have made our regular fixed payments to the primary provider. there can be no assurance that providers with whom we contract will properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. any of these events may have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
the success of our healthcare services businesses depends on our ability, and the ability of our affiliated physician-owned professional groups and management services organizations, to recruit, hire, acquire, contract with, and retain physicians, nurses and other medical professionals who are experienced in providing care services to older adults. the market to acquire or manage physician practices, and to employ or contract with individual physicians, nurses and other medical professionals is, and is expected to remain, highly competitive, and the performance of our healthcare services businesses may be adversely impacted if we, and our affiliated physician-owned professional groups and management services organizations, are unable to attract, maintain satisfactory relationships with, and retain physicians, nurses and other medical professionals, or if these businesses are unable to retain patients following the departure of a physician, nurses or other medical professional. in addition, our healthcare services businesses contract with competitors of our health benefits businesses, and these businesses could suffer if they are unable to maintain relationships with these companies, or fail to adequately price their contracts with these third-party payers.
we face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. further, managing succession for, and retention of, key executives is critical to our success, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our businesses, operating results and/or future performance.
our success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees and executives, including those with diverse backgrounds, experiences and skill sets, to operate and expand our business. we face intense competition for qualified employees, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain such employees or that such competition among potential employers will not result in increasing salaries. in addition, while we have development and succession plans in place for our key employees and executives, these plans do not guarantee the services of our key employees and executives will continue to be available to us. if we are unable to attract, develop, retain and effectively manage the development and succession plans for key employees and executives, our business, results of operations and future performance could be adversely affected.
our pharmacy business is highly competitive and subjects us to regulations and distribution and supply chain risks in addition to those we face with our core health benefits businesses.
our in-house dispensing pharmacy business competes with locally owned drugstores, retail drugstore chains, supermarkets, discount retailers, membership clubs, internet companies and other mail-order and long-term care pharmacies.
our pharmacy business also subjects us to extensive federal, state, and local regulation. the practice of pharmacy is generally regulated at the state level by state boards of pharmacy. many of the states where we deliver pharmaceuticals, including controlled substances, have laws and regulations that require out-of-state mail-order pharmacies to register with that state's board of pharmacy. federal agencies further regulate our pharmacy operations, requiring registration with the u.s. drug enforcement administration and individual state controlled substance authorities in order to dispense controlled substances. in addition, the fda inspects facilities in connection with procedures to effect recalls of prescription drugs. the federal trade commission also has requirements for mail-order sellers of goods. the u.s. postal service, or usps, has statutory authority to restrict the transmission of drugs and medicines through the mail to a degree that may have an adverse effect on our mail-order operations. the usps historically has exercised this statutory authority only with respect to controlled substances. if the usps restricts our ability to deliver drugs through the mail, alternative means of delivery could be significantly more expensive. the u.s. department of transportation has regulatory authority to impose restrictions on drugs inserted in the stream of commerce. these regulations generally do not apply to the usps and its operations. in addition, we are subject to cms rules regarding the administration of our pdp plans and intercompany pricing between our pdp plans and our pharmacy business.
we are also subject to risks inherent in the packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other health care products, including the application of state laws and regulations related to the operation of internet and mail-order pharmacies, violations of which could expose us to civil and criminal penalties, and manufacturing, distribution or other supply chain disruptions (including disruptions that occur as a result of catastrophes, including acts of terrorism, public health emergencies, epidemics or pandemics (such as the spread of covid-19), or natural disasters (such as hurricanes and earthquakes) which could occur more frequently or with more intense effects as a result of the impacts of global climate change), each of which could impact the availability or cost of supplying of such products.
changes in the prescription drug industry pricing benchmarks may adversely affect our financial performance.
contracts in the prescription drug industry generally use certain published benchmarks to establish pricing for prescription drugs. these benchmarks include average wholesale price, which is referred to as "awp," average selling price, which is referred to as "asp," and wholesale acquisition cost. it is uncertain whether payors, pharmacy providers, pharmacy benefit managers, or pbms, and others in the prescription drug industry will continue to utilize awp as it has previously been calculated, or whether other pricing benchmarks will be adopted for establishing prices within the industry. legislation may lead to changes in the pricing for medicare and medicaid programs. regulators have conducted investigations into the use of awp for federal program payment, and whether the use of awp has inflated drug expenditures by the medicare and medicaid programs. federal and state proposals have sought to change the basis for calculating payment of certain drugs by the medicare and medicaid programs. adoption of asp in lieu of awp as the measure for determining payment by medicare or medicaid programs for the drugs sold in our in-house dispensing pharmacy business may reduce the revenues and gross margins of this business which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
our ability to obtain funds from certain of our licensed subsidiaries is restricted by state insurance regulations.
because we operate as a holding company, we are dependent upon dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries to fund the obligations of humana inc., our parent company. certain of our insurance subsidiaries operate in states that regulate the payment of dividends, loans, administrative expense reimbursements or other cash transfers to humana inc., and require minimum levels of equity as well as limit investments to approved securities. the amount of dividends that may be paid to humana inc. by these insurance subsidiaries, without prior approval by state regulatory authorities, or ordinary dividends, is limited based on the entity's level of statutory income and statutory capital and surplus. in most states, prior notification is provided before paying a dividend even if approval is not required. actual dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital and surplus and expected future surplus requirements related to, for example, premium volume and product mix. dividends from our non-insurance companies such as in our centerwell segment are generally not restricted by departments of insurance. in the event that we are unable to provide sufficient capital to fund the obligations of humana inc., our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
downgrades in our debt ratings, should they occur, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
claims paying ability, financial strength, and debt ratings by recognized rating organizations are an increasingly important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. ratings information is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. historically, rating agencies take action to lower ratings due to, among other things, perceived concerns about liquidity or solvency, the competitive environment in the insurance industry, the inherent uncertainty in determining reserves for future claims, the outcome of pending litigation and regulatory investigations, and possible changes in the methodology or criteria applied by the rating agencies. each of the rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically and there can be no assurance that current ratings will be maintained in the future. our ratings reflect each rating agency's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet our debt obligations or obligations to policyholders, but are not evaluations directed toward the protection of investors in our common stock and should not be relied upon as such.
we believe that certain of our customers place importance on our claims paying ability, financial strength, and debt ratings, and we may lose customers and compete less successfully if our ratings were to be downgraded. in addition, our credit ratings impact our ability to obtain future borrowings and investment capital on favorable terms. if our credit ratings were to be lowered, our cost of borrowing likely would increase, our sales and earnings could decrease, and our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
the securities and credit markets may experience volatility and disruption, which may adversely affect our business.
ongoing volatility or disruption in the securities and credit markets could impact our investment portfolio. we evaluate our investment securities for impairment on a quarterly basis. this review is subjective and requires a high degree of judgment. for the purpose of determining gross realized gains and losses, the cost of investment securities sold is based upon specific identification. for debt securities held, we recognize an impairment loss in income when the fair value of the debt security is less than the carrying value and we have the intent to sell the debt security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of our amortized cost basis, or if a credit loss has occurred. when we do not intend to sell or are not required to sell a security in an unrealized loss position, potential credit related impairments are considered using a variety of factors, including the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the issuer or underlying collateral of a security; payment structure of the security; changes in credit rating of the security by the rating agencies; the volatility of the fair value changes; and changes in fair value of the security after the balance sheet date. for debt securities, we take into account expectations of relevant market and economic data. we continuously review our investment portfolios and there is a continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and additional material realized losses from sales or credit related impairments may be recorded in future periods.
we believe our cash balances, investment securities, operating cash flows, and funds available under our credit agreement or from other public or private financing sources, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating and regulatory requirements, acquisitions, future expansion opportunities, and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months, as well as to refinance or repay debt, and repurchase shares. however, continuing adverse securities and credit market conditions may significantly affect the availability of credit. while there is no assurance in the current economic environment, including the heightened uncertainty created by the covid-19 pandemic, we have no reason to believe the lenders participating in our credit agreement will not be willing and able to provide financing in accordance with the terms of the agreement.
our access to additional credit will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, both to the overall market and our industry, our credit ratings and debt capacity, as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long or short-term financial prospects. similarly, our access to funds could be limited if regulatory authorities or rating agencies were to take negative actions against us. if a combination of these factors were to occur, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all.
the spread of, and response to, covid-19 underscores certain risks we face, including those discussed above, and the ongoing, heightened uncertainty created by the pandemic precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact to us of covid-19.
covid-19 underscores certain risks we face, including those discussed above. as the covid-19 pandemic continues, the premiums we charge may prove to be insufficient to cover the cost of health care services delivered to our members, each of which could be impacted by many factors, including the impacts that we have experienced, and may continue to experience, to our revenues due to limitations on our ability to implement clinical initiatives to manage health care costs and chronic conditions of our members, and appropriately document their risk profiles, as a result of our members being unable or unwilling to see their providers due to actions taken to mitigate the spread of covid-19; increased costs that may result from higher utilization rates of medical facilities and services and other increases in associated hospital and pharmaceutical costs; and shifts in our premium and medical claims cost trends to reflect the demographic impact of higher mortality during the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, we are offering, and have been mandated by legislative and regulatory action (including the families first act and cares act) to provide, certain expanded benefit coverage to our members, such as waiving, or reimbursing, certain costs for covid-19 testing, vaccinations and treatment. these measures taken by us, or governmental action, to respond to the ongoing impact of covid-19 (including further expansion or modification of the services delivered to our members, the adoption or modification of regulatory requirements associated with those services and the costs and challenges associated with ensuring timely compliance with such requirements), and the potential for widespread testing, treatments and the distribution and administration of covid-19 vaccines, could adversely impact our profitability.
the spread and impact of covid-19 and additional variants, or actions taken to mitigate this spread, could have material and adverse effects on our ability to operate effectively, including as a result of the complete or partial closure of facilities or labor shortages. disruptions in public and private infrastructure, including communications, availability of in-person sales and marketing channels, financial services and supply chains, could materially and adversely disrupt our normal business operations. a significant subset of our and our third party providers' employee populations are in a remote work environment in an effort to mitigate the spread of covid-19, which may exacerbate certain risks to our business, including an increased demand for information technology resources, increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal, or proprietary and/or confidential information. the continued covid-19 pandemic has severely impacted global economic activity, including the businesses of some of our commercial customers, and caused significant volatility and negative pressure in the financial markets. in addition to disrupting our operations, these developments may adversely affect the timing of commercial customer premium collections and corresponding claim payments, the value of our investment portfolio, or future liquidity needs.
the ongoing, heightened uncertainty created by the pandemic precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact to us of covid-19. we are continuing to monitor the spread of covid-19, changes to our benefit coverages, and the ongoing costs and business impacts of dealing with covid-19, including the potential costs and impacts associated with lifting, or reimposing, restrictions on movement and economic activity, the timing and degree in resumption of demand for deferred healthcare services, the pace of administration of covid-19 vaccines and the effectiveness of those vaccines, and related risks. the magnitude and duration of the pandemic remains uncertain, and its ultimate impact on our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be material.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for discussion of 2020 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this 2022 10-k and were not impacted by our segment realignment, refer to "item 7. - management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" found in our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, that was filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 17, 2022.
executive overview general humana inc., headquartered in louisville, kentucky, is a leading health and well-being company committed to helping our millions of medical and specialty members achieve their best health. our successful history in care delivery and health plan administration is helping us create a new kind of integrated care with the power to improve health and well‐being and lower costs. our efforts are leading to a better quality of life for people with medicare, families, individuals, military service personnel, and communities at large. to accomplish that, we support physicians and other health care professionals as they work to deliver the right care in the right place for their patients, our members. our range of clinical capabilities, resources and tools, such as in‐home care, behavioral health, pharmacy services, data analytics and wellness solutions, combine to produce a simplified experience that makes health care easier to navigate and more effective.
the health benefits industry relies on two key statistics to measure performance. the benefit ratio, which is computed by taking total benefits expense as a percentage of premiums revenue, represents a statistic used to measure underwriting profitability. the operating cost ratio, which is computed by taking total operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of total revenue less investment income, represents a statistic used to measure administrative spending efficiency.
sale of hospice and personal care divisions on august 11, 2022, we completed the sale of a 60% interest in humana's kindred at home hospice subsidiary, or kah hospice, to clayton, dubilier & rice, or cd&r, for cash proceeds of approximately $2.7 billion, net of cash disposed, including debt repayments from kah hospice to humana of $1.9 billion. in connection with the sale we recognized a pre-tax gain, net of transaction costs, of $237 million which is reported as a gain on sale of kah hospice in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2022.
kindred at home acquisition on august 17, 2021, we acquired the remaining 60% interest in kindred at home, or kah, the nation's largest home health and hospice provider, from tpg capital and welsh, carson, anderson & stowe, two private equity funds, for an enterprise value of $8.2 billion, which includes our equity value of $2.4 billion associated with our 40% minority ownership interest. the remeasurement to fair value of our previously held 40% equity method investment with a carrying value of approximately $1.3 billion, resulted in a $1.1 billion gain recognized in "other (income) expense, net". kah has locations in 40 states, providing extensive geographic coverage with approximately 65% overlap with our individual medicare advantage membership. we paid the approximate $5.8 billion transaction price (net of our existing equity stake) through a combination of debt financing, the assumption of existing kah indebtedness and parent company cash.
covid-19
the emergence and spread of the novel coronavirus, or covid-19, beginning in the first quarter of 2020 has impacted our business. during periods of increased incidences of covid-19, a reduction in non-covid-19 hospital admissions for non-emergent and elective medical care have resulted in lower overall healthcare system utilization. at the same time, covid-19 treatment and testing costs increased utilization. during 2022, we experienced lower overall utilization of the healthcare system than anticipated, as the reduction in covid-19 utilization following the increased incidence associated with the omicron variant outpaced the increase in non-covid-19 utilization. the significant disruption in utilization during 2020 also impacted our ability to implement clinical initiatives to manage health care costs and chronic conditions of our members, and appropriately document their risk profiles, and, as such, significantly affected our 2021 revenue under the risk adjustment payment model for medicare advantage plans. finally, changes in utilization patterns and actions taken in 2020 and 2021 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time and shifting the timing of claim payments and provider capitation surplus payments, impacted our claim reserve development and operating cash flows for 2020 and 2021.
value creation initiatives during 2022, in order to create capacity to fund growth and investment in our medicare advantage business and further expansion of our healthcare services capabilities in 2023, we committed to drive additional value for the enterprise through cost saving, productivity initiatives, and value acceleration from previous investments. as a result of these initiatives, we recorded charges of $473 million included within operating costs in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended december 31, 2022. these charges primarily relate to $248 million in asset impairments, including software and abandonment, and $116 million of severance charges in connection with workforce optimization. the remainder of the charges primarily relate to external consulting fees. these charges were recorded at the corporate level and not allocated to the segments.
business segments during december 2022, we realigned our businesses into two distinct segments: insurance and centerwell. the insurance segment includes the businesses that were previously included in the retail and group and specialty segments, as well as the pharmacy benefit manager, or pbm, business which was previously included in the healthcare services segment. the centerwell segment (formerly healthcare services) represents our payor-agnostic healthcare services offerings, including pharmacy dispensing services, provider services, and home services. in addition to the new segment classifications being utilized to assess performance and allocate resources, we believe this simpler structure will create greater collaboration across the insurance and centerwell businesses and will accelerate work that is underway to centralize and integrate operations within the organization. prior period segment financial information has been recast to conform to the 2022 presentation. for a recast of prior period segment financial information, refer to note 18 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
our two reportable segments, insurance and centerwell, are based on a combination of the type of health plan customer and adjacent businesses centered on well-being solutions for our health plans and other customers, as described below. these segment groupings are consistent with information used by our chief executive officer, the chief operating decision maker, to assess performance and allocate resources. for segment financial information, refer to note 18 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
the insurance segment consists of medicare benefits, marketed to individuals or directly via group medicare accounts, as well as our contract with cms to administer the limited income newly eligible transition, or li-net, prescription drug plan program and contracts with various states to provide medicaid, dual eligible demonstration, and long-term support services benefits, which we refer to collectively as our state-based contracts. this segment also includes products consisting of employer group commercial fully-insured medical and specialty health insurance benefits marketed to individuals and employer groups, including dental, vision, and other supplemental health benefits, as well as administrative services only, or aso. in addition, our insurance segment includes our military services business, primarily our t-2017 east region contract, as well as the operations of our pbm business.
the centerwell segment includes our pharmacy, provider services, and home solutions operations. the segment also includes our strategic partnerships with wcas to develop and operate senior-focused, payor-agnostic, primary care centers, as well as our minority ownership interest in hospice operations. services offered by this segment are designed to enhance the overall healthcare experience. these services may lead to lower utilization associated with improved member health and/or lower drug costs.
the results of each segment are measured by income before income taxes and equity in net (losses) earnings from equity method investments, or segment earnings. transactions between reportable segments primarily consist of sales of services rendered by our centerwell segment, primarily pharmacy, provider, and home services, to our insurance segment customers. intersegment sales and expenses are recorded at fair value and eliminated in consolidation. members served by our segments often use the same provider networks, enabling us in some instances to obtain more favorable contract terms with providers. our segments also share indirect costs and assets. as a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent. we allocate most operating expenses to our segments. assets and certain corporate income and expenses are not allocated to the segments, including the portion of investment income not supporting segment operations, interest expense on corporate debt, and certain other corporate expenses. these items are managed at a corporate level. these corporate amounts are reported separately from our reportable segments and are included with intersegment eliminations.
seasonality covid-19 disrupted the pattern of our quarterly earnings and operating cash flows largely due to the temporary deferral of non-essential care which resulted in reductions in non-covid-19 hospital admissions and lower overall healthcare system utilization during higher levels of covid-19 hospital admissions. at the same time, during periods of increased incidences of covid-19, covid-19 treatment and testing costs increase. similar impacts and seasonal disruptions from either higher or lower utilization are expected to persist as we respond to and recover from the covid-19 global health crisis.
one of the product offerings of our insurance segment is medicare stand-alone prescription drug plans, or pdp, under the medicare part d program. our quarterly insurance segment earnings and operating cash flows are impacted by the medicare part d benefit design and changes in the composition of our membership. the medicare part d benefit design results in coverage that varies as a member's cumulative out-of-pocket costs pass through successive stages of a member's plan period, which begins annually on january 1 for renewals. these plan designs generally result in us sharing a greater portion of the responsibility for total prescription drug costs in the early stages and less in the latter stages. as a result, the pdp benefit ratio generally decreases as the year progresses. in addition, the number of low income senior members as well as year-over-year changes in the mix of membership in our standalone pdp products affects the quarterly benefit ratio pattern.
the insurance segment also experiences seasonality in the fully-insured product offering. the effect on the insurance's segment benefit ratio is opposite of the medicare stand-alone pdp impact, with the benefit ratio increasing as fully-insured members progress through their annual deductible and maximum out-of-pocket expenses.
in addition, the insurance segment also experiences seasonality in the operating cost ratio as a result of costs incurred in the second half of the year associated with the medicare marketing season.
highlights
•our strategy offers our members affordable health care combined with a positive consumer experience in growing markets. at the core of this strategy is our integrated care delivery model, which unites quality care, high member engagement, and sophisticated data analytics. our approach to primary, physician-directed care for our members aims to provide quality care that is consistent, integrated, cost-effective, and member-focused, provided by both employed physicians and physicians with network contract arrangements. the model is designed to improve health outcomes and affordability for individuals and for the health system as a whole, while offering our members a simple, seamless healthcare experience. we believe this strategy is positioning us for long-term growth in both membership and earnings. we offer providers a continuum of opportunities to increase the integration of care and offer assistance to providers in transitioning from a fee-for-service to a value-based arrangement. these include performance bonuses, shared savings and shared risk relationships. at december 31, 2022, approximately 3,175,500 members, or 70%, of our individual medicare advantage members were in value-based relationships under our integrated care delivery model, as compared to 3,009,600 members, or 68%, at december 31, 2021.
•on february 1, 2023, centers for medicare & medicaid services, or cms, issued its preliminary 2024 medicare advantage and part d payment rates and proposed policy changes, collectively, the advance notice. cms has invited public comment on the advance notice before publishing final rates on or before april 3, 2023, or the final notice. in the advance notice, cms estimates medicare advantage plans across the sector will, on average, experience a 2.27% decrease in benchmark funding based on proposals included therein. as indicated by cms, its estimate excludes the impact of fee-for-service county rebasing/re-pricing since the related impact is dependent upon finalization of certain data, which will be available with the publication of the final notice. further the benchmark decrease excludes ma risk score trend as individual plans' experience will vary. based on the company's preliminary analysis using the same factors cms included in its estimate, the components of which are detailed on cms's website, we anticipate the proposals in the advance notice would result, on average, in a change relatively in line with cms' estimate, with the exception of humana's medicare star ratings for bonus year 2024, which led the company's peers, as well as the risk model revision and normalization adjustment, which the company continues to analyze. with respect to the risk model revision and normalization adjustment, cms provided detail to the company indicating an average impact to humana relatively in line with the average negative 3.12% industry impact. the company continues to analyze the advance notice, including cms' estimate of the humana specific impact related to the risk model revision and normalization adjustment, which is likely to have a more negative impact on individual plans and specific membership cohorts with greater risk score trend, and will be drawing upon its program expertise to provide cms formal commentary on the impact of the advance notice and the related impact on medicare beneficiaries' quality of care and service to its members through the medicare advantage program.
•net income was $2.8 billion, or $22.08 per diluted common share, and $2.9 billion, or $22.67 per diluted common share, in 2022 and 2021, respectively. this comparison was significantly impacted by the gain on kah equity method investment recognized in august 2021, put/call valuation adjustments associated with non-consolidating minority interest investments, transaction and integration costs, the change in the fair value of publicly-traded equity securities, charges associated with productivity initiatives related to previously disclosed $1 billion value creation plan, and the net gain on the sale of kah hospice. the impact of these adjustments to our consolidated income before income taxes and equity in net (losses) earnings and diluted earnings per common share was as follows for the 2022 and 2021 periods:
2022                                                                                                                                                              2021
(in millions)
consolidated income before income taxes and equity in net (losses) earnings:
gain on kindred at home equity method investment                                                                                  $-                      $(1,129)
gain on sale of kah hospice                                                                                                    (237)                             -
charges associated with productivity initiatives related to the previously disclosed $1 billion value creation plan              473                             -
put/call valuation adjustments associated with our non consolidating minority interest investments                                68                           597
transaction and integration costs                                                                                                105                           128
change in the fair value of publicly-traded equity securities                                                                    123                           341
$532                         $(63)
2022                                                                                                                                                              2021
diluted earnings per common share:
gain on kindred at home equity method investment                                                                                  $-                       $(8.73)
gain on sale of kah hospice                                                                                                   (1.86)                             -
charges associated with productivity initiatives related to the previously disclosed $1 billion value creation plan             3.72                             -
put/call valuation adjustments associated with our non consolidating minority interest investments                              0.53                          4.62
transaction and integration costs                                                                                               0.83                          0.99
change in the fair value of publicly-traded equity securities                                                                   0.97                          2.63
tax impact of all transactions                                                                                                (1.52)                        (1.93)
$2.67                       $(2.42)
health care reform we are and will continue to be regularly subject to new laws and regulations, changes to existing laws and regulations, and judicial determinations that impact the interpretation and applicability of those laws and regulations. the health care reform law, the families first act, the cares act, and the inflation reduction act, and related regulations, are examples of laws which have enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the u.s. health insurance industry, including, among others, mandated coverage requirements, mandated benefits and guarantee issuance associated with commercial medical insurance, rebates to policyholders based on minimum benefit ratios, adjustments to medicare advantage premiums, the establishment of federally facilitated or state-based exchanges coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers, and the introduction of plan designs based on set actuarial values, and changes to the part d prescription drug benefit design.
it is reasonably possible that these laws and regulations, as well as other current or future legislative, judicial or regulatory changes (including further legislative or regulatory action taken in response to covid-19) including restrictions on our ability to manage our provider network or otherwise operate our business, or restrictions on profitability, including reviews by regulatory bodies that may compare our medicare advantage profitability to our non-medicare advantage business profitability, or compare the profitability of various products within our medicare advantage business, and require that they remain within certain ranges of each other, increases in member benefits or changes to member eligibility criteria without corresponding increases in premium payments to us, or increases in regulation of our prescription drug benefit businesses, in the aggregate may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations (including restricting revenue, enrollment and premium growth in certain products and market segments, restricting our ability to expand into new markets, increasing our medical and operating costs, further lowering our medicare payment rates and increasing our expenses associated with assessments); our financial position (including our ability to maintain the value of our goodwill); and our cash flows.
we intend for the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations that follows to assist in the understanding of our financial statements and related changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, including the primary factors that accounted for those changes. transactions between reportable segments primarily consist of sales of services rendered by our centerwell segment, primarily pharmacy, provider services, and home solutions, to our insurance segment customers and are described in note 18 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data in this 2022 form 10-k.
comparison of results of operations for 2022 and 2021
certain financial data on a consolidated basis and for our segments was as follows for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021:
consolidated change
2022                                                                                                           2021                         dollars                    percentage
(dollars in millions, except per common share results)
revenues:
premiums:
insurance                                                              $87,712                         $79,822                          $7,890                          9.9     %
total premiums revenue                                                  87,712                          79,822                           7,890                          9.9     %
services:
insurance                                                                  850                             853                             (3)                        (0.4)     %
centerwell                                                               3,926                           2,202                           1,724                         78.3     %
total services revenue                                                   4,776                           3,055                           1,721                         56.3     %
investment income                                                          382                             187                             195                        104.3     %
total revenues                                                          92,870                          83,064                           9,806                         11.8     %
operating expenses:
benefits                                                                75,690                          69,199                           6,491                          9.4     %
operating costs                                                         12,671                          10,121                           2,550                         25.2     %
depreciation and amortization                                              709                             596                             113                         19.0     %
total operating expenses                                                89,070                          79,916                           9,154                         11.5     %
income from operations                                                   3,800                           3,148                             652                         20.7     %
gain on sale of kah hospice                                              (237)                               -                             237                        100.0     %
interest expense                                                           401                             326                              75                         23.0     %
other expense (income), net                                                 68                           (532)                             600                        112.8     %
income before income taxes and equity in net (losses) earnings           3,568                           3,354                             214                          6.4     %
provision for income taxes                                                 762                             485                             277                         57.1     %
equity in net (losses) earnings                                            (4)                              65                            (69)                      (106.2)     %
net income                                                              $2,802                          $2,934                          $(132)                        (4.5)     %
diluted earnings per common share                                       $22.08                          $22.67                         $(0.59)                        (2.6)     %
benefit ratio (a)                                                         86.3    %                       86.7    %                                                   (0.4)     %
operating cost ratio (b)                                                  13.7    %                       12.2    %                                                     1.5     %
effective tax rate                                                        21.4    %                       14.2    %                                                     7.2     %
(a)represents total benefits expense as a percentage of premiums revenue.
(b)represents total operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of total revenues less investment income.
premiums revenue consolidated premiums revenue increased $7.9 billion, or 9.9%, from $79.8 billion in the 2021 period to $87.7 billion in the 2022 period primarily due to individual medicare advantage and state-based contracts membership growth and higher per member individual medicare advantage and commercial fully-insured medical premiums, partially offset by declining year-over-year membership associated with the group commercial medical products and the phase-out of covid-19 sequestration relief in the 2022 period.
services revenue consolidated services revenue increased $1.7 billion, or 56.3%, from $3.1 billion in the 2021 period to $4.8 billion in the 2022 period primarily due to the impact of our home solutions revenues which reflect the acquisition of the remaining 60% interest in kah during august 2021 partially offset by the divestiture of the 60% ownership interest in kah hospice during august 2022.
investment income investment income increased $195 million, or 104.3%, from $187 million in the 2021 period to $382 million in the 2022 period primarily due to lower mark to market losses on our publicly traded equity securities during the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period.
benefits expense consolidated benefits expense increased $6.5 billion, or 9.4%, from $69.2 billion in the 2021 period to $75.7 billion in the 2022 period. the consolidated benefit ratio decreased 40 basis points from 86.7% in the 2021 period to 86.3% in the 2022 period primarily due to higher per member individual medicare advantage premiums and lower inpatient utilization associated with the individual medicare advantage business. these factors were partially offset by lower favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development. further, the 2022 period ratio reflects a shift in line of business mix, with continued growth in certain government programs, which carry a higher benefits expense ratio, combined with a decline in medicare stand-alone pdp, which has a lower benefits expense ratio.
consolidated benefits expense included $415 million of favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in the 2022 period and $825 million of favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in the 2021 period. prior-period medical claims reserve development decreased the consolidated benefit ratio by approximately 50 basis points in the 2022 period and decreased the consolidated benefit ratio by approximately 100 basis points in the 2021 period.
operating costs our segments incur both direct and shared indirect operating costs. we allocate the indirect costs shared by the segments primarily as a function of revenues. as a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent.
consolidated operating costs increased $2.6 billion, or 25.2%, from $10.1 billion in the 2021 period to $12.7 billion in the 2022 period. the consolidated operating cost ratio increased 150 basis points from 12.2% in the 2021 period to 13.7% in the 2022 period. the ratio increase was primarily due to the impact of the consolidation of kah operations, which have a significantly higher operating cost ratio than our historical consolidated operating cost ratio, the net impact of charges associated with initiatives undertaken associated with our value creation initiatives, as well as the impact of higher marketing spend in 2022 to support individual medicare advantage growth. these increases were partially offset by scale efficiencies associated with growth in individual medicare advantage membership.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization increased $113 million, or 19.0%, from $596 million in the 2021 period to $709 million in the 2022 period primarily due to capital expenditures.
interest expense interest expense increased $75 million, or 23.0%, from $326 million in the 2021 period to $401 million in the 2022 period primarily due to higher average borrowings outstanding partially offset by lower interest rates.
income taxes our effective tax rate during 2022 was 21.4% compared to the effective tax rate of 14.2% in 2021. the year-over-year increase in the effective income tax rates is primarily due to the impact of the august 2021 acquisition of the remaining 60% interest in kah. in that period, we recognized a $1.1 billion mark-to-market gain related to our previously held 40% investment in kah. this unrealized gain was not taxable, thereby reducing the effective income tax rate for the 2021 period. the increase is partially offset by the august 2022 disposition of our 60% interest in kah hospice, which resulted in an increase to our tax basis in both the shares sold and the shares retained, thereby reducing the effective income tax rate for the 2022 period. for a complete reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the effective tax rate, refer to note 12 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
insurance segment change
2022                                                   2021                                 members                        %
membership:
individual medicare advantage           4,565,600                   4,409,100          156,500                       3.5   %
group medicare advantage                  565,100                     560,600            4,500                       0.8   %
medicare stand-alone pdp                3,551,300                   3,606,200         (54,900)                     (1.5)   %
total medicare                          8,682,000                   8,575,900          106,100                       1.2   %
medicare supplement                       313,600                     331,900         (18,300)                     (5.5)   %
commercial fully-insured                  556,300                     674,600        (118,300)                    (17.5)   %
total fully-insured                       869,900                   1,006,500        (136,600)                    (13.6)   %
medicaid and other                      1,137,300                     940,100          197,200                      21.0   %
military services                       5,959,900                   6,049,000         (89,100)                     (1.5)   %
aso                                       430,100                     495,500         (65,400)                    (13.2)   %
total medical membership               17,079,200                  17,067,000           12,200                       0.1   %
total specialty membership              5,194,800                   5,294,300         (99,500)                     (1.9)   %
change
2022                                                                        2021                                $               %
(in millions)
premiums and services revenue:
premiums:
individual medicare advantage               $65,591                  $58,654                   $6,937                    11.8   %
group medicare advantage                      7,297                    6,955                      342                     4.9   %
medicare stand-alone pdp                      2,269                    2,371                    (102)                   (4.3)   %
total medicare                               75,157                   67,980                    7,177                    10.6   %
medicare supplement                             743                      731                       12                     1.6   %
commercial fully-insured                      3,733                    4,271                    (538)                  (12.6)   %
total fully-insured                           4,476                    5,002                    (526)                  (10.5)   %
medicaid and other                            6,376                    5,109                    1,267                    24.8   %
specialty                                     1,703                    1,731                     (28)                   (1.6)   %
total premiums revenue                       87,712                   79,822                    7,890                     9.9   %
services revenue                                850                      853                      (3)                   (0.4)   %
total premiums and services revenue         $88,562                  $80,675                   $7,887                     9.8   %
income from operations                       $3,022                   $2,412                     $610                    25.3   %
benefit ratio                                  86.6   %                 87.2   %                                        (0.6)   %
operating cost ratio                           10.4   %                 10.3   %                                          0.1   %
income from operations insurance segment income from operations increased $0.6 billion, or 25.3%, from $2.4 billion in the 2021 period to $3.0 billion in the 2022 period primarily due to the same factors impacting the segment's lower benefit ratio offset by the same factors impacting the segment's higher operating cost ratio as more fully described below.
enrollment individual medicare advantage membership increased 156,500 members, or 3.5%, from 4,409,100 members as of december 31, 2021 to 4,565,600 members as of december 31, 2022 primarily due to membership additions associated with the 2022 annual election period, or aep. the year-over-year growth was further impacted by continued enrollment resulting from special elections, age-ins, and dual eligible special need plans, or d-snp, membership. individual medicare advantage membership includes 668,900 d-snp members as of december 31, 2022, a net increase of 92,800 members, or 16.1%, from 576,100 members as of december 31, 2021. for the full year 2023, we anticipate a net membership growth in our individual medicare advantage offerings of at least 625,000 members.
group medicare advantage membership increased 4,500 members, or 0.8%, from 560,600 members as of december 31, 2021 to 565,100 members as of december 31, 2022 reflecting smaller account sales and organic growth in concurrent accounts with no large accounts won or lost for the period. for the full year 2023, we anticipate a net membership decline in our group medicare advantage offerings of approximately 60,000 members.
medicare stand-alone pdp membership decreased 54,900 members, or 1.5%, from 3,606,200 members as of december 31, 2021 to 3,551,300 members as of december 31, 2022 primarily due to continued intensified competition for medicare stand-alone pdp offerings. for the full year 2023, we anticipate a net membership decline in our medicare stand-alone pdp offerings of approximately 800,000 members.
medicaid and other membership increased 197,200 members, or 21.0%, from 940,100 members as of december 31, 2021 to 1,137,300 members as of december 31, 2022 reflecting the suspension of state eligibility redetermination efforts due to the currently enacted public health emergency, or phe. for the full year 2023, we anticipate a net membership growth in our state-based contracts of approximately 25,000 to 100,000 members.
commercial fully-insured medical membership decreased 118,300 members, or 17.5%, from 674,600 members as of december 31, 2021 to 556,300 members as of december 31, 2022 reflecting the impact of pricing discipline to address covid-19 and improve profitability.
aso commercial medical membership decreased 65,400 members, or 13.2%, from 495,500 members as of december 31, 2021 to 430,100 members as of december 31, 2022 reflecting continued intensified competition for small group accounts, partially offset by strong retention among large group accounts. for the full year 2023, we anticipate a net membership decline in our group commercial medical offerings, which includes fully-insured and aso, of approximately 300,000 members.
military services membership decreased 89,100 members, or 1.5%, from 6,049,000 members as of december 31, 2021 to 5,959,900 members as of december 31, 2022. membership includes military service members, retirees, and their families to whom we are providing healthcare services under the current tricare east region contract.
specialty membership decreased 99,500 members, or 1.9%, from 5,294,300 members as of december 31, 2021 to 5,194,800 members as of december 31, 2022 primarily due to the loss of dental and vision groups cross-sold with medical, as reflected in the loss of group fully-insured commercial medical membership above. in addition, current membership reflects the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic.
premiums revenue insurance segment premiums revenue increased $7.9 billion, or 9.9%, from $79.8 billion in the 2021 period to $87.7 billion in the 2022 period primarily due to individual medicare advantage and state-based contracts membership growth and higher per member individual medicare advantage and commercial fully-insured medical premiums, partially offset by declining year-over-year membership associated with the group commercial medical products and the phase-out of covid-19 sequestration relief in the 2022 period.
services revenue insurance segment services revenue decreased $3 million, or 0.4%, from $853 million in the 2021 period to $850 million in the 2022 period.
benefits expense the insurance segment benefit ratio decreased 60 basis points from 87.2% in the 2021 period to 86.6% in the 2022 period primarily due to higher per member individual medicare advantage premiums and lower inpatient utilization associated with the individual medicare advantage business. these factors were partially offset by lower favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development. further, the 2022 period ratio reflects a shift in line of business mix, with continued growth in certain government programs, which carry a higher benefits expense ratio, combined with a decline in medicare stand-alone pdp, which has a lower benefits expense ratio.
the insurance segment benefits expense included $415 million of favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in the 2022 period and $825 million of favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in the 2021 period. prior-period medical claims reserve development decreased the insurance's segment benefit ratio by approximately 50 basis points in the 2022 period and decreased the insurance's segment benefit ratio by approximately 100 basis points in the 2021 period.
operating costs the insurance segment operating cost ratio increased 10 basis points from 10.3% in the 2021 period to 10.4% in the 2022 period primarily due to strategic investments to position the segment for long-term success, including the impact of higher marketing spend in the 2022 period to support individual medicare advantage growth. these factors were partially offset by scale efficiencies associated with growth in the individual medicare advantage membership.
centerwell segment change
2022                                                                              2021                   dollars                    percentage
(in millions)
revenues:
services:
home solutions                                     $2,333                   $1,166                   $1,167                        100.1     %
pharmacy                                            1,025                      623                      402                         64.5     %
provider services                                     568                      413                      155                         37.5     %
total services revenue                              3,926                    2,202                    1,724                         78.3     %
intersegment revenues:
home solutions                                        553                      352                      201                         57.1     %
pharmacy                                            9,841                    9,024                      817                          9.1     %
provider services                                   2,979                    2,476                      503                         20.3     %
total intersegment revenues                        13,373                   11,852                    1,521                         12.8     %
total services and intersegment revenues          $17,299                   14,054                    3,245                         23.1     %
income from operations                             $1,291                     $938                     $353                         37.6     %
operating cost ratio                                 91.5   %                 92.3   %                                             (0.8)     %
income from operations centerwell segment income from operations increased $353 million, or 37.6%, from $938 million in the 2021 period to $1.3 billion in the 2022 period primarily due primarily due to the same factors impacting the increase in services revenue and intersegment revenues as well as the same factors impacting the segment's lower operating cost ratio in the 2022 period as more fully described below.
services revenue centerwell segment services revenue increased $1.7 billion, or 78.3%, from $2.2 billion in the 2021 period to $3.9 billion in the 2022 period primarily due to the impact of our home solutions revenues which reflect the acquisition of the remaining 60% interest in kah during august 2021 partially offset by the divestiture of the 60% ownership interest in kah hospice during august 2022.
intersegment revenues centerwell segment intersegment revenues increased $1.5 billion, or 12.8%, from $11.9 billion in the 2021 period to $13.4 billion in the 2022 period primarily due to individual medicare advantage membership growth, combined with the impact of greater mail-order pharmacy penetration for medicare advantage members, which lead to higher pharmacy revenues, as well as higher revenues associated with growth in our provider business.
operating costs the centerwell segment operating cost ratio decreased 80 basis points from 92.3% in the 2021 period to 91.5% in the 2022 period primarily represents the consolidation of kah operations for the entire 2022 period compared to the partial 2021 period due to timing of the previously disclosed transaction. the kah operations have a lower operating cost ratio than other businesses within the segment. the year-over-year favorability was further impacted by our pharmacy operations partially offset by investments in kah to abate the pressures of the current nursing labor environment as well as the divestiture of the 60% interest in kah hospice during august 2022.
comparison of results of operations for 2021 and 2020
certain financial data on a consolidated basis and for our segments reflect our segment realignment and are recast as follows for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020:
consolidated change
2021                                                                                                  2020                         dollars                    percentage
(dollars in millions, except per common share results)
revenues:
premiums:
insurance                                                     $79,822                         $73,584                          $6,238                          8.5     %
corporate                                                           -                             602                           (602)                      (100.0)     %
total premiums revenue                                         79,822                          74,186                           5,636                          7.6     %
services:
insurance                                                         853                             813                              40                          4.9     %
centerwell                                                      2,202                           1,002                           1,200                        119.8     %
total services revenue                                          3,055                           1,815                           1,240                         68.3     %
investment income                                                 187                           1,154                           (967)                       (83.8)     %
total revenues                                                 83,064                          77,155                           5,909                          7.7     %
operating expenses:
benefits                                                       69,199                          61,628                           7,571                         12.3     %
operating costs                                                10,121                          10,052                              69                          0.7     %
depreciation and amortization                                     596                             489                             107                         21.9     %
total operating expenses                                       79,916                          72,169                           7,747                         10.7     %
income from operations                                          3,148                           4,986                         (1,838)                       (36.9)     %
interest expense                                                  326                             283                              43                         15.2     %
other (income) expense, net                                     (532)                             103                             635                        616.5     %
income before income taxes and equity in net earnings           3,354                           4,600                         (1,246)                       (27.1)     %
provision for income taxes                                        485                           1,307                           (822)                       (62.9)     %
equity in net earnings                                             65                              74                             (9)                       (12.2)     %
net income                                                     $2,934                          $3,367                          $(433)                       (12.9)     %
diluted earnings per common share                              $22.67                          $25.31                         $(2.64)                       (10.4)     %
benefit ratio (a)                                                86.7    %                       83.1    %                                                     3.6     %
operating cost ratio (b)                                         12.2    %                       13.2    %                                                   (1.0)     %
effective tax rate                                               14.2    %                       28.0    %                                                  (13.8)     %
(a)represents total benefits expense as a percentage of premiums revenue.
(b)represents total operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of total revenues less investment income.
premiums revenue consolidated premiums increased $5.6 billion, or 7.6%, from $74.2 billion in the 2020 period to $79.8 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to higher premium revenues from medicare advantage and state-based contracts membership growth, higher per member medicare advantage premiums as a result of the improving cms benchmark rate for 2021, net of medicare risk adjustment (mra) headwinds resulting from covid-19 related utilization disruption in 2020, as well as the additional quarter impact of medicare sequestration relief in 2021 that was not enacted until the second quarter of 2020. these increases were partially offset by declining stand-alone pdp, group commercial medical, and group medicare advantage membership, as well as the 2020 impact of the receipt of commercial risk corridor receivables previously written off.
services revenue consolidated services revenue increased $1.2 billion, or 68.3%, from $1.8 billion in the 2020 period to $3.1 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to higher home solutions revenues associated with consolidation of kindred at home earnings.
investment income investment income decreased $967 million, or 83.8%, from $1.2 billion in the 2020 period to $187 million in the 2021 period primarily due to a significant decrease in the fair value of our publicly-traded equity securities investments.
benefits expense consolidated benefits expense increased $7.6 billion, or 12.3%, from $61.6 billion in the 2020 period to $69.2 billion in the 2021 period. the consolidated benefit ratio increased 360 basis points from 83.1% in the 2020 period to 86.7% in the 2021 period. these increases reflect the termination in 2021 of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee which, along with a portion of the related tax benefit, was contemplated in the pricing and benefit design of our products, and covid-19 impacts, including the impact of the deferral of non-essential care, net of meaningful covid-19 treatment and testing costs, our pandemic relief efforts in 2020, as well as 2021 mra headwinds resulting from this covid-19 related utilization disruption in 2020. the year over year increase further reflects the 2020 impact of the receipt of commercial risk corridor receivables that were previously written off, and the 2021 impact associated with the competitive nature of the group medicare advantage business, particularly in large group accounts that were recently procured, as well as in the stand-alone pdp business. these factors were partially offset by higher favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in 2021.
the higher favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development was primarily attributable to the reversal of actions taken in 2020, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time impacting our claim payment patterns. the suspension during 2020 was intended to provide financial and administrative relief for providers facing unprecedented strain as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development decreased the consolidated benefit ratio by approximately 100 basis points in the 2021 period versus approximately 40 basis points in the 2020 period.
operating costs our segments incur both direct and shared indirect operating costs. we allocate the indirect costs shared by the segments primarily as a function of revenues. as a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent.
consolidated operating costs increased $0.07 billion, or 0.7%, from $10.05 billion in the 2020 period to $10.12 billion in the 2021 period. the consolidated operating cost ratio decreased 100 basis points from 13.2% in the 2020 period to 12.2% in the 2021 period. the ratio decrease was primarily due to the termination of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee in 2021, as well as lower covid-19 related administrative costs in 2021 compared to 2020. administrative costs in 2020 included costs associated with personal protective equipment, member response efforts, and the build-out of infrastructure necessary to support employees working remotely. the decrease was further impacted by scale efficiencies associated with growth in our individual medicare advantage membership, operating cost efficiencies in 2021 from previously implemented productivity initiatives, as well as the impact of a $200 million contribution to the humana foundation in the first half of 2020 to support communities served by the company, particularly those with social and health disparities. these factors were partially offset by the consolidation of kindred at home operations as the business has a significantly higher operating cost ratio than our historical consolidated operating cost ratio, continued strategic and technology modernization investments made to position us for long-term success, transaction and integration costs associated with the kindred at home transaction, as well as the 2020 impact of the receipt of the commercial risk corridor receivables that were previously written off. the non-deductible health insurance industry fee impacted the operating cost ratio by 160 basis points in the 2020 period.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization increased $107 million, or 21.9%, from $489 million in the 2020 period to $596 million in the 2021 period primarily due to capital expenditures.
interest expense interest expense increased $43 million, or 15.2%, from $283 million in the 2020 period to $326 million in the 2021 period from borrowings to fund the kah acquisition.
income taxes our effective tax rate during 2021 was 14.2% compared to the effective tax rate of 28.0% in 2020. the change was primarily due to the non-taxable gain we recognized on our previously held kindred at home equity method investment from our acquisition of the remaining ownership interest in the business in august 2021 and the termination of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee in 2021.
insurance segment change
2021                                                   2020                                 members                        %
membership:
individual medicare advantage           4,409,100                   3,962,700          446,400                      11.3   %
group medicare advantage                  560,600                     613,200         (52,600)                     (8.6)   %
medicare stand-alone pdp                3,606,200                   3,866,700        (260,500)                     (6.7)   %
total medicare                          8,575,900                   8,442,600          133,300                       1.6   %
medicare supplement                       331,900                     335,600          (3,700)                     (1.1)   %
commercial fully-insured                  674,600                     777,400        (102,800)                    (13.2)   %
total fully-insured                     1,006,500                   1,113,000        (106,500)                     (9.6)   %
medicaid and other                        940,100                     772,400          167,700                      21.7   %
military services                       6,049,000                   5,998,700           50,300                       0.8   %
aso                                       495,500                     504,900          (9,400)                     (1.9)   %
total medical membership               17,067,000                  16,831,600          235,400                       1.4   %
total specialty membership              5,294,300                   5,310,300         (16,000)                     (0.3)   %
change
2021                                                                        2020                                $               %
(in millions)
premiums and services revenue:
premiums:
individual medicare advantage               $58,654                  $51,697                   $6,957                    13.5   %
group medicare advantage                      6,955                    7,774                    (819)                  (10.5)   %
medicare stand-alone pdp                      2,371                    2,742                    (371)                  (13.5)   %
total medicare                               67,980                   62,213                    5,767                     9.3   %
medicare supplement                             731                      688                       43                     6.3   %
commercial fully-insured                      4,271                    4,761                    (490)                  (10.3)   %
total fully-insured                           5,002                    5,449                    (447)                   (8.2)   %
medicaid and other                            5,109                    4,223                      886                    21.0   %
specialty                                     1,731                    1,699                       32                     1.9   %
total premiums revenue                       79,822                   73,584                    6,238                     8.5   %
services revenue                                853                      813                       40                     4.9   %
total premiums and services revenue         $80,675                  $74,397                   $6,278                     8.4   %
income from operations                       $2,412                   $3,120                   $(708)                  (22.7)   %
benefit ratio                                  87.2   %                 84.1   %                                          3.1   %
operating cost ratio                           10.3   %                 12.3   %                                        (2.0)   %
income from operations insurance segment income from operations decreased $0.7 billion, or 22.7%, from $3.1 billion in the 2020 period to $2.4 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to the same factors impacting the segment's higher benefit ratio offset by the same factors impacting the segment's lower operating cost ratio as more fully described below.
enrollment individual medicare advantage membership increased 446,400 members, or 11.3%, from 3,962,700 members as of december 31, 2020 to 4,409,100 members as of december 31, 2021 primarily due to membership additions associated with the previous annual election period, or aep, and open election period, or oep, for medicare beneficiaries. the membership growth was further impacted by continued enrollment resulting from special elections, age-ins, and dual eligible special need plans, or d-snp, members. the oep sales period, which ran from january 1 to march 31, 2021 added approximately 36,000 members compared to the 2020 oep that added approximately 30,000 members. individual medicare advantage membership includes 576,100 d-snp members as of december 31, 2021, a net increase of 170,000 members, or 42%, from 406,100 members as of december 31, 2020.
group medicare advantage membership decreased 52,600 members, or 8.6%, from 613,200 members as of december 31, 2020 to 560,600 members as of december 31, 2021 primarily due to the net loss of certain large accounts in january 2021, partially offset by continued growth in small group accounts.
medicare stand-alone pdp membership decreased 260,500 members, or 6.7%, from 3,866,700 members as of december 31, 2020 to 3,606,200 members as of december 31, 2021 primarily due to anticipated declines as a result of the walmart value plan no longer being the low cost leader in 2021.
medicaid and other membership increased 167,700 members, or 21.7%, from 772,400 members as of december 31, 2020 to 940,100 members as of december 31, 2021 primarily reflecting additional enrollment as a result of the suspension of state eligibility redetermination efforts due to the currently-enacted public health emergency, as well as our acquisition of the remaining 50% ownership interest in wisconsin health care company icare.
commercial fully-insured medical membership decreased 102,800 members, or 13.2%, from 777,400 members as of december 31, 2020 to 674,600 members as of december 31, 2021 reflecting lower small group quoting activity and sales attributable to depressed economic activity from the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by higher retention of existing customers, particularly in larger groups. the portion of commercial fully-insured medical membership in small group accounts was approximately 50% at december 31, 2021 and 54% at december 31, 2020.
aso commercial medical membership decreased 9,400 members, or 1.9%, from 504,900 members as of december 31, 2020 to 495,500 members as of december 31, 2021. small group membership comprised 43% of aso commercial medical membership at december 31, 2021 and 45% at december 31, 2020. the membership change reflects intensified competition for small group accounts, partially offset by strong retention among large group accounts.
military services membership increased 50,300 members, or 0.8%, from 5,998,700 members as of december 31, 2020 to 6,049,000 members as of december 31, 2021. membership includes military service members, retirees, and their families to whom we are providing healthcare services under the current tricare east region contract.
specialty membership decreased 16,000 members, or 0.3%, from 5,310,300 members as of december 31, 2020 to 5,294,300 members as of december 31, 2021 primarily due to the loss of dental and vision groups cross-sold with medical, as reflected in the loss of commercial fully-insured medical membership described above. the decrease also reflects the impact of the economic downturn driven by the covid-19 pandemic.
premiums revenue insurance segment premiums increased $6.2 billion, or 8.5%, from $73.6 billion in the 2020 period to $79.8 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to higher premium revenues from medicare advantage and state-based contracts membership growth, higher per member medicare advantage premiums as a result of the improving cms benchmark rate for 2021, net of medicare risk adjustment (mra) headwinds resulting from covid-19 related utilization disruption in 2020, as well as the additional quarter impact of medicare sequestration relief in 2021 that was not enacted until the second quarter of 2020. these increases were partially offset by declining medicare stand-alone pdp, commercial fully insured, and group medicare advantage membership.
services revenue insurance segment services revenue increased $40 million, or 4.9%, from $813 million in the 2020 period to $853 million in the 2021 period primarily due to higher tricare services revenue partially offset by lower aso membership described previously.
benefits expense the insurance segment benefit ratio increased 310 basis points from 84.1% in the 2020 period to 87.2% in the 2021 period. this increase reflects the termination in 2021 of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee which, along with a portion of the related tax benefit, was contemplated in the pricing and benefit design of our products, and covid-19 impacts, including the impact of the deferral of non-essential care, net of meaningful covid-19 treatment and testing costs, our pandemic relief efforts in 2020, as well as 2021 mra headwinds resulting from this covid-19 related utilization disruption in 2020. the year over year increase further reflects the 2021 impact associated with the competitive nature of the group medicare advantage business, particularly in large group accounts that were recently procured, as well as in the stand-alone pdp business. these factors were partially offset by higher favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in 2021.
the insurance segment benefits expense included $825 million of favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in the 2021 period and $313 million of favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in the 2021 period. prior-period medical claims reserve development decreased the insurance's segment benefit ratio by approximately 100 basis points in the 2021 period and decreased the insurance's segment benefit ratio by approximately 40 basis points in the 2020 period.
the higher favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development was primarily attributable to the reversal of actions taken in 2020, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time impacting our claim payment patterns. the suspension during 2020 was intended to provide financial and administrative relief for providers facing unprecedented strain as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
operating costs the insurance segment operating cost ratio decreased 200 basis points from 12.3% in the 2020 period to 10.3% in the 2022 period primarily due to the termination of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee in 2021, lower covid-19 related administrative costs, as previously discussed, scale efficiencies associated with growth in our individual medicare advantage membership, as well as operating cost efficiencies driven by previously implemented productivity initiatives. these improvements were partially offset by continued strategic investments made in 2021 to position us for long-term success. the non-deductible health insurance industry fee impacted the operating cost ratio by 160 basis points in the 2020 period.
centerwell segment change
2021                                                                              2020                   dollars                    percentage
(in millions)
revenues:
services:
home solutions                                     $1,166                     $107                   $1,059                        989.7     %
pharmacy                                              623                      567                       56                          9.9     %
provider services                                     413                      328                       85                         25.9     %
total services revenue                              2,202                    1,002                    1,200                        119.8     %
intersegment revenues:
home solutions                                        352                      279                       73                         26.2     %
pharmacy                                            9,024                    7,928                    1,096                         13.8     %
provider services                                   2,476                    2,268                      208                          9.2     %
total intersegment revenues                        11,852                   10,475                    1,377                         13.1     %
total services and intersegment revenues           14,054                   11,477                    2,577                         22.5     %
income from operations                               $938                     $624                     $314                         50.3     %
operating cost ratio                                 92.3   %                 93.3   %                                             (1.0)     %
income from operations centerwell segment income from operations increased $314 million, or 50.3%, from $624 million in the 2020 period to $938 million in the 2021 period primarily due to consolidation of kindred at home earnings, individual medicare advantage and state-based contracts membership growth leading to higher pharmacy revenues, higher revenues associated with growth in our provider business, as well as the factors that drove the segment declining operating cost ratio as more fully described below.
services revenue centerwell segment services revenue increased $1.2 billion, or 119.8%, from $1.0 billion in the 2020 period to $2.2 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to consolidation of kindred at home earnings. the 2021 period further reflects higher revenue from growth in the number of primary care clinics serving third party payors, and additional pharmacy revenues associated with the acquisition of enclara which was closed during the first quarter of 2020.
intersegment revenues centerwell segment intersegment revenues increased $1.4 billion, or 13.1%, from $10.5 billion in the 2020 period to $11.9 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to individual medicare advantage and state-based contracts membership growth, as well as higher revenues associated with our provider business. these increases were partially offset by the loss of intersegment revenues associated with the decline in stand-alone pdp and group medicare advantage membership as previously discussed.
operating costs the centerwell segment operating cost ratio decreased 100 basis points from 93.3% in the 2020 period to 92.3% in the 2021 period primarily due to consolidation of kindred at home operations which have a lower operating cost ratio than other businesses within the segment, the 2020 impact associated with covid-19 administrative related costs, including expenses associated with additional safety measures taken for our pharmacy, provider, and home solutions teams who continued to provide services to members throughout the crisis, as well as operational improvements in our provider services business, largely related to conviva, along with operating cost efficiencies driven by previously implemented productivity initiatives in 2021. the decrease further reflects the impact of additional investments in the segment's provider business during 2020 related to marketing and aep initiatives. these decreases were partially offset by increased administrative costs in the pharmacy operations as a result of incremental spend to accelerate growth within the business, increased utilization levels in our provider business in 2021 compared to levels in 2020 amid the covid-19 pandemic, as well as increased pharmacy labor-related overtime costs due to weather disruptions occurring in the first quarter of 2021.
liquidity historically, our primary sources of cash have included receipts of premiums, services revenue, and investment and other income, as well as proceeds from the sale or maturity of our investment securities, and borrowings. our primary uses of cash historically have included disbursements for claims payments, operating costs, interest on borrowings, taxes, purchases of investment securities, acquisitions, capital expenditures, repayments on borrowings, dividends, and share repurchases. because premiums generally are collected in advance of claim payments by a period of up to several months, our business normally should produce positive cash flows during periods of increasing premiums and enrollment. conversely, cash flows would be negatively impacted during periods of decreasing premiums and enrollment. from period to period, our cash flows may also be affected by the timing of working capital items including premiums receivable, benefits payable, and other receivables and payables. our cash flows are impacted by the timing of payments to and receipts from cms associated with medicare part d subsidies for which we do not assume risk. the use of cash flows may be limited by regulatory requirements of state departments of insurance (or comparable state regulators) which require, among other items, that our regulated subsidiaries maintain minimum levels of capital and seek approval before paying dividends from the subsidiaries to the parent. our use of cash flows derived from our non-insurance subsidiaries, such as in our centerwell segment, is generally not restricted by state departments of insurance (or comparable state regulators).
for additional information on our liquidity risk, please refer to item 1a. - risk factors in this 2022 form 10-k.
cash and cash equivalents increased to $5.1 billion at december 31, 2022 from $3.4 billion at december 31, 2021. the change in cash and cash equivalents for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is summarized as follows:
2022                                                                       2021                      2020
(in millions)
net cash provided by operating activities                      $4,587                    $2,262                  $5,639
net cash used in investing activities                         (1,006)                   (6,556)                 (3,065)
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities           (1,914)                     3,015                 (1,955)
increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents               $1,667                  $(1,279)                    $619
cash flow from operating activities cash flows provided by operations of $4.6 billion in the 2022 period increased $2.3 billion from cash flows provided by operations of $2.3 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to higher earnings in 2022, exclusive of the gain on the sale of kah hospice recognized in the 2022 period and the gain on the kah equity method investment recognized in the 2021 period, combined with positive working capital impacts in 2022, and the 2021 period impact associated with the pay down of claims inventory and capitation for provider surplus amounts earned in 2020 and additional provider support.
the most significant drivers of changes in our working capital are typically the timing of payments of benefits expense and receipts for premiums. benefits expense includes claim payments, capitation payments, pharmacy costs net of rebates, allocations of certain centralized expenses and various other costs incurred to provide health insurance coverage to members, as well as estimates of future payments to hospitals and others for medical care and other supplemental benefits provided on or prior to the balance sheet date. for additional information regarding our benefits payable and benefits expense recognition, refer to note 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
the detail of total net receivables was as follows at december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:
change
2022                                                                                                                      2021                    2020                   2022          2021
(in millions)
medicare                                                                                     $1,260                  $1,214                    $928                   $46          $286
commercial and other                                                                            383                     579                     122                 (196)           457
military services                                                                               101                     104                     160                   (3)          (56)
allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                (70)                    (83)                    (72)                    13          (11)
total net receivables                                                                        $1,674                  $1,814                  $1,138                 (140)           676
reconciliation to cash flow statement:
change in receivables from disposition (acquisition) of business                                                                                                      194         (396)
change in receivables per cash flow statement resulting in cash used by operations                                                                                    $54          $280
the changes in medicare receivables for both the 2022 period and the 2021 period reflect individual medicare advantage membership growth and the typical pattern caused by the timing of accruals and related collections associated with the cms risk-adjustment model. the decrease in commercial and other receivables and the allowance for doubtful accounts for 2022 primarily relates to the kah hospice disposition. the increase in commercial and other receivables in 2021 primarily relates to the kindred at home acquisition.
cash flow from investing activities during 2022, we acquired various businesses totaling to approximately $337 million, net of cash received.
during 2021, we acquired kindred at home and other primary care businesses for cash consideration of approximately $4.2 billion, net of cash received.
during 2020, we acquired enclara healthcare, a hospice, pharmacy and benefit provider, for cash consideration of approximately $709 million, net of cash received.
during 2022, we completed the sale of a 60% interest in humana's kindred at home hospice subsidiary, or kah hospice, to clayton, dubilier & rice, or cd&r, for cash proceeds of approximately $2.7 billion, net of cash disposed, including debt repayments from kah hospice to humana of $1.9 billion. in connection with the sale, we recognized a pre-tax gain, net of transaction costs, of $237 million which is reported as a gain on sale of kah hospice in the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the year ended december 31, 2022.
our ongoing capital expenditures primarily relate to our information technology initiatives, support of services in our provider services operations including medical and administrative facility improvements necessary for activities such as the provision of care to members, claims processing, billing and collections, wellness solutions, care coordination, regulatory compliance and customer service. total capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, were $1.1 billion, $1.3 billion and $964 million in the 2022, 2021 and 2020 periods, respectively.
net purchases of investment securities were $2.3 billion, $1.1 billion, $1.4 billion in the 2022, 2021 and 2020 periods, respectively.
cash flow from financing activities our financing cash flows are significantly impacted by the timing of claims payments and the related receipts from cms associated with medicare part d claim subsidies for which we do not assume risk. monthly prospective payments from cms for reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies are based on assumptions submitted with our annual bid. settlement of the reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies is based on a reconciliation made approximately 9 months after the close of each calendar year. receipts from cms associated with medicare part d claim subsidies for which we do not assume risk were higher than claim payments by $2 billion in the 2022 period and claim payments were higher than receipts from cms associated with medicare part d claim subsidies for which we do not assume risk by $261 million and $938 million in the 2021 and 2020 periods, respectively. our net payable from cms for subsidies and brand name prescription drug discounts was $540 million at december 31, 2022 compared to a net receivable of $1.4 billion at december 31, 2021.
under our administrative services only tricare contract, reimbursements from the federal government exceeded health care costs payments for which we do not assume risk by $25 million in the 2022 period and health care costs payments for which we do not assume risk exceeded reimbursements from the federal government by $45 million and $1 million in the 2021 and 2020 periods, respectively.
in december 2022, we repaid $600 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.150% senior notes due on their maturity date of december 1, 2022 and $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.900% senior notes due on their maturity date of december 15, 2022.
in november 2022, we issued $500 million of 5.750% unsecured senior notes due march 1, 2028 and $750 million of 5.875% unsecured senior notes due march 1, 2033. our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discounts and commissions paid, were $1.2 billion.
in march 2022, we issued $750 million of 3.700% unsecured senior notes due march 23, 2029. our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discounts and commissions paid, were $744 million.
in august 2021, we issued $1.5 billion of 0.650% unsecured senior notes due august 3, 2023, $750 million of 1.350% unsecured senior notes due february 3, 2027 and $750 million of 2.150% unsecured senior notes due february 3, 2032. our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discounts and commissions paid, were $2,984 million.
in december 2020, we repaid $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.500% senior notes due on their maturity date of december 15, 2020.
in march 2020, we issued $600 million of 4.500% senior notes due april 1, 2025 and $500 million of 4.875% senior notes due april 1, 2030. our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discounts and commissions and offering expenses paid, were $1,088 million.
in august 2022, we repaid the $2.0 billion october 2021 term loan agreement without a prepayment penalty due.
in october 2021, we entered into a $2.0 billion term loan agreement and applied the proceeds to finance the repayment in full of the outstanding assumed kindred at home debt.
in august 2021, we borrowed $500 million under the delayed draw term loan agreement, which was used, in combination with other debt financing, to fund the approximate $5.8 billion transaction price of kindred at home.
in march 2020, we drew $1 billion on the existing term loan commitment at the time, which was repaid in november 2020.
we entered into a commercial paper program in october 2014. net repayments from issuance of commercial paper were $376 million in 2022 and the maximum principal amount outstanding at any one time during 2022 was $1.5 billion. net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper were $352 million in 2021 and the maximum principal amount outstanding at any one time during 2021 was $1.2 billion. net proceeds from issuance of commercial paper were $295 million in 2020 and the maximum principal amount outstanding at any one time during 2020 was $600 million.
we repurchased common shares for $2.10 billion, $79 million and $1.82 billion in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, under share repurchase plans authorized by the board of directors and in connection with employee stock plans.
we paid dividends to stockholders of $392 million in 2022, $354 million in 2021, and $323 million in 2020.
the remainder of the cash used in or provided by financing activities in 2022, 2021, and 2020 primarily resulted from debt issuance costs, proceeds from stock option exercises and the change in book overdraft.
future sources and uses of liquidity dividends for a detailed discussion of dividends to stockholders, please refer to note 16 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
stock repurchases for a detailed discussion of stock repurchases, please refer to note 16 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
debt for a detailed discussion of our debt, including our senior notes, term loans, credit agreement and commercial paper program, please refer to note 13 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
liquidity requirements we believe our cash balances, investment securities, operating cash flows, and funds available under our credit agreement and our commercial paper program or from other public or private financing sources, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating and regulatory requirements, acquisitions, future expansion opportunities, and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months, as well as to refinance or repay debt, and repurchase shares.
adverse changes in our credit rating may increase the rate of interest we pay and may impact the amount of credit available to us in the future. our investment-grade credit rating at december 31, 2022 was bbb+ according to standard & poor's rating services, or s&p, and baa3 according to moody's investors services, inc., or moody's. a downgrade by s&p to bb+ or by moody's to ba1 triggers an interest rate increase of 25 basis points with respect to $250 million of our senior notes. successive one notch downgrades increase the interest rate an additional 25 basis points, or annual interest expense by $1 million, up to a maximum 100 basis points, or annual interest expense by $3 million.
in addition, we operate as a holding company in a highly regulated industry. humana inc., our parent company, is dependent upon dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries, most of which are subject to regulatory restrictions. we continue to maintain significant levels of aggregate excess statutory capital and surplus in our state-regulated operating subsidiaries. cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments at the parent company decreased to $0.9 billion at december 31, 2022 from $1.3 billion at december 31, 2021. this decrease primarily reflects common stock repurchases, repayment of the october 2021 term loan agreement, repayment of maturing senior notes, capital expenditures, repayment of borrowings under the commercial paper program, capital contributions to certain subsidiaries, cash dividends to shareholders and acquisitions, partially offset by net proceeds from the senior notes, proceeds from the sale of investment securities, dividends from insurance subsidiaries, and cash from certain non-insurance subsidiaries within our centerwell segment. our use of operating cash derived from our non-insurance subsidiaries, such as our centerwell segment, is generally not restricted by regulators. our regulated insurance subsidiaries paid dividends to our parent company of $1.3 billion in 2022, $1.6 billion in 2021, and $1.3 billion in 2020. subsidiary capital requirements from significant premium growth has impacted the amount of regulated subsidiary dividends over the last two years. refer to our parent company financial statements and accompanying notes in schedule i - parent company financial information. the amount of ordinary dividends that may be paid to our parent company in 2023 is approximately $1.8 billion, in the aggregate. actual dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital and surplus and expected future surplus requirements related to, for example, premium volume and product mix.
regulatory requirements for a detailed discussion of our regulatory requirements, including aggregate statutory capital and surplus as well as dividends paid from the subsidiaries to our parent, please refer to note 16 to the to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2022, we were not involved in any special purpose entity, or spe, transactions. for a detailed discussion of off-balance sheet arrangements, please refer to note 17 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
guarantees and indemnifications for a detailed discussion of our guarantees and indemnifications, please refer to note 17 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
government contracts for a detailed discussion of our government contracts, including our medicare, military, and medicaid and state-based contracts, please refer to note 17 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. the preparation of these financial statements and accompanying notes requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. we continuously evaluate our estimates and those critical accounting policies primarily related to benefits expense and revenue recognition as well as accounting for impairments related to our investment securities, goodwill, indefinite-lived and long-lived assets. these estimates are based on knowledge of current events and anticipated future events and, accordingly, actual results ultimately may differ from those estimates. we believe the following critical accounting policies involve the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
benefits expense recognition benefits expense is recognized in the period in which services are provided and includes an estimate of the cost of services which have been incurred but not yet reported, or ibnr. our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best point estimate within a level of confidence required by actuarial standards. for further discussion of our reserving methodology, including our use of completion and claims per member per month trend factors to estimate ibnr, refer to note 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
the completion and claims per member per month trend factors are the most significant factors impacting the ibnr estimate. the portion of ibnr estimated using completion factors for claims incurred prior to the most recent two months is generally less variable than the portion of ibnr estimated using trend factors. the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors assuming moderately adverse experience and the estimated potential impact on our operating results caused by reasonably likely changes in these factors based on december 31, 2022 data:
completion factor (a):                                             claims trend factor (b):
factor                            decrease in                        factor                            decrease in change (c)                       benefits payable                    change (c)                       benefits payable
(dollars in millions)
0.90%                                   $588                         3.50%                                   $479
0.80%                                   $522                         3.25%                                   $445
0.70%                                   $457                         3.00%                                   $411
0.60%                                   $392                         2.75%                                   $376
0.50%                                   $326                         2.50%                                   $342
0.40%                                   $261                         2.25%                                   $308
0.30%                                   $196                         2.00%                                   $274
0.20%                                   $131                         1.75%                                   $239
0.10%                                    $65                         1.50%                                   $205
0.05%                                    $33                         1.25%                                   $171
0.03%                                    $16                         1.00%                                   $137
(a)reflects estimated potential changes in benefits payable at december 31, 2022 caused by changes in completion factors for incurred months prior to the most recent two months.
(b)reflects estimated potential changes in benefits payable at december 31, 2022 caused by changes in annualized claims trend used for the estimation of per member per month incurred claims for the most recent two months.
(c)the factor change indicated represents the percentage point change.
the following table provides a historical perspective regarding the accrual and payment of our benefits payable. components of the total incurred claims for each year include amounts accrued for current year estimated benefits expense as well as adjustments to prior year estimated accruals. refer to note 11 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k for information about incurred and paid claims development as of december 31, 2022, net of reinsurance, as well as cumulative claim frequency and the total of ibnr included within the net incurred claims amounts.
2022                                         2021   2020
(in millions)
balances at january 1                                $8,289                    $8,143                    $6,004
less: reinsurance recoverables                            -                         -                      (68)
balances at january 1, net                            8,289                     8,143                     5,936
acquisitions                                              -                        42                         -
incurred related to:
current year                                         76,105                    70,024                    61,941
prior years                                           (415)                     (825)                     (313)
total incurred                                       75,690                    69,199                    61,628
paid related to:
current year                                       (67,287)                  (62,149)                  (54,003)
prior years                                         (7,428)                   (6,946)                   (5,418)
total paid                                         (74,715)                  (69,095)                  (59,421)
reinsurance recoverable                                   -                         -                         -
balances at december 31                              $9,264                    $8,289                    $8,143
the following table summarizes the changes in estimate for incurred claims related to prior years attributable to our key assumptions. as previously described, our key assumptions consist of trend and completion factors estimated using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. the amounts below represent the difference between our original estimates and the actual benefits expense ultimately incurred as determined from subsequent claim payments.
favorable development by changes in key assumptions
2022                                                                      2021                                                       2020
amount                       factor                        amount                       factor                        amount                       factor change (a)                                                 change (a)                                                 change (a)
(dollars in millions)
trend factors              $(387)                       (0.6)       %                 $(361)                       (3.3)       %                 $(167)                       (1.9)       %
completion factors         (28)                         -           %                 (464)                        (0.9)       %                 (146)                        (0.3)       %
total                      $(415)                                                     $(825)                                                     $(313)
(a)the factor change indicated represents the percentage point change.
as previously discussed, our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best estimate of our ultimate liability for claims. actuarial standards require the use of assumptions based on moderately adverse experience, which generally results in favorable reserve development, or reserves that are considered redundant. we experienced favorable medical claims reserve development related to prior fiscal years of $415 million in 2022, $825 million in 2021, and $313 million in 2020.
the favorable medical claims reserve development for 2022, 2021, and 2020 primarily reflects the consistent application of trend and completion factors estimated using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. in addition, the higher prior year favorable development for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to the reversal of actions taken in 2020, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time impacting our claim payment patterns. the suspension during 2020 was intended to provide financial and administrative relief for providers facing unprecedented strain as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. our favorable development for each of the years presented above is discussed further in note 11 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
we continually adjust our historical trend and completion factor experience with our knowledge of recent events that may impact current trends and completion factors when establishing our reserves. because our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best point estimate using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions as required by actuarial standards, there is a reasonable possibility that variances between actual trend and completion factors and those assumed in our december 31, 2022 estimates would fall towards the middle of the ranges previously presented in our sensitivity table.
revenue recognition we generally establish one-year commercial membership contracts with employer groups, subject to cancellation by the employer group on 30-day written notice. our medicare contracts with cms renew annually. our military services contracts with the federal government and certain contracts with various state medicaid programs generally are multi-year contracts subject to annual renewal provisions.
we receive monthly premiums from the federal government and various states according to government specified payment rates and various contractual terms. we bill and collect premiums from employer groups and members in our medicare and other individual products monthly. changes in premium revenues resulting from the periodic changes in risk-adjustment scores derived from medical diagnoses for our membership are estimated by projecting the ultimate annual premium and recognized ratably during the year with adjustments each period to reflect changes in the ultimate premium.
premiums revenue is estimated by multiplying the membership covered under the various contracts by the contractual rates. premiums revenue is recognized as income in the period members are entitled to receive services, and is net of estimated uncollectible amounts, retroactive membership adjustments, and adjustments to recognize rebates under the minimum benefit ratios required under the health care reform law. we estimate policyholder rebates by projecting calendar year minimum benefit ratios for the small group and large group markets, as defined by the health care reform law using a methodology prescribed by hhs, separately by state and legal entity. medicare advantage products are also subject to minimum benefit ratio requirements under the health care reform law. estimated calendar year rebates recognized ratably during the year are revised each period to reflect current experience. retroactive membership adjustments result from enrollment changes not yet processed, or not yet reported by an employer group or the government. we routinely monitor the collectability of specific accounts, the aging of receivables, historical retroactivity trends, estimated rebates, as well as prevailing and anticipated economic conditions, and reflect any required adjustments in current operations. premiums received prior to the service period are recorded as unearned revenues.
medicare risk-adjustment provisions cms uses a risk-adjustment model which adjusts premiums paid to medicare advantage, or ma, plans according to health status of covered members. the risk-adjustment model, which cms implemented pursuant to the balanced budget act of 1997 (bba) and the benefits improvement and protection act of 2000 (bipa), generally pays more where a plan's membership has higher expected costs. under this model, rates paid to ma plans are based on actuarially determined bids, which include a process whereby our prospective payments are based on our estimated cost of providing standard medicare-covered benefits to an enrollee with a "national average risk profile." that baseline payment amount is adjusted to account for certain demographic characteristics and health status of our enrolled members. under the risk-adjustment methodology, all ma plans must collect from providers and submit the necessary diagnosis code information to cms within prescribed deadlines. the cms risk-adjustment model uses the diagnosis data, collected from providers, to calculate the health status-related risk-adjusted premium payment to ma plans, which cms further adjusts for coding pattern differences between the health plans and the government fee-for-service (ffs) program. we generally rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to cms as the basis for our health status-adjusted payment received from cms under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. we also rely on these providers to document appropriately all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. in addition, we conduct medical record reviews as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately reflect diagnosis conditions under the risk adjustment model. for additional information, refer to note 17 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" and part i, item 1a, "risk factors" of this form 10-k.
investment securities investment securities totaled $14.3 billion, or 33% of total assets at december 31, 2022, and $14.0 billion, or 31% of total assets at december 31, 2021. the investment portfolio was primarily comprised of debt securities, detailed below, at december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021. the fair value of investment securities were as follows at december 31, 2022 and 2021:
12/31/2022                    percentage                    12/31/2021                    percentage of total                                                    of total
(dollars in millions)
u.s. treasury and other u.s. government corporations and agencies:
u.s. treasury and agency obligations                        $1,039                           7.3     %                    $602                           4.3     %
mortgage-backed securities                                   3,230                          22.6     %                   3,229                          23.1     %
tax-exempt municipal securities                                728                           5.1     %                     841                           6.0     %
mortgage-backed securities:
residential                                                    401                           2.8     %                     367                           2.6     %
commercial                                                   1,399                           9.8     %                   1,410                          10.1     %
asset-backed securities                                      1,731                          12.2     %                   1,348                           9.6     %
corporate debt securities                                    5,726                          40.2     %                   5,700                          40.8     %
total debt securities                                       14,254                         100.0     %                  13,497                          96.6     %
common stock                                                     7                             -     %                     475                           3.4     %
total investment securities                                $14,261                         100.0     %                 $13,972                         100.0     %
approximately 96% of our debt securities were investment-grade quality, with a weighted average credit rating of aa- by s&p at december 31, 2022. most of the debt securities that were below investment-grade were rated bb-, the higher end of the below investment-grade rating scale. tax-exempt municipal securities were diversified among general obligation bonds of states and local municipalities in the united states as well as special revenue bonds issued by municipalities to finance specific public works projects such as utilities, water and sewer, transportation, or education. our general obligation bonds are diversified across the united states with no individual state exceeding 1% of our total debt securities. our investment policy limits investments in a single issuer and requires diversification among various asset types.
gross unrealized losses and fair values aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position were as follows at december 31, 2022:
less than 12 months                                        12 months or more                                                 total fair                            gross                     fair                           gross                     fair                        gross value                       unrealized                    value                      unrealized                    value                   unrealized losses                                                   losses                                                losses
(in millions)
u.s. treasury and other u.s. government corporations and agencies:
u.s. treasury and agency obligations                 $512                            $(5)                       $397                         $(50)                       $909                      $(55)
mortgage-backed securities                          1,231                           (104)                      1,683                         (367)                      2,914                      (471)
tax-exempt municipal securities                        64                             (2)                        615                          (36)                        679                       (38)
mortgage-backed securities:
residential                                           124                            (16)                        274                          (60)                        398                       (76)
commercial                                            243                            (13)                      1,157                         (142)                      1,400                      (155)
asset-backed securities                               620                            (32)                      1,011                          (46)                      1,631                       (78)
corporate debt securities                           1,625                            (98)                      3,825                         (730)                      5,450                      (828)
total debt securities                              $4,419                          $(270)                     $8,962                      $(1,431)                    $13,381                   $(1,701)
beginning on january 1, 2020, we adopted the new current expected credit losses, or cecl, model which retained many similarities from the previous other-than-temporary impairment model except eliminating from consideration in the impairment analysis the length of time over which the fair value had been less than cost. also, under the cecl model, expected losses on available for sale debt securities are recognized through an allowance for credit losses rather than as reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. for debt securities whose fair value is less than their amortized cost which we do not intend to sell or are not required to sell, we evaluate the expected cash flows to be received as compared to amortized cost and determine if an expected credit loss has occurred. in the event of an expected credit loss, only the amount of the impairment associated with the expected credit loss is recognized in income with the remainder, if any, of the loss recognized in other comprehensive income. to the extent we have the intent to sell the debt security or it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of our amortized cost basis, we recognize an impairment loss in income in an amount equal to the full difference between the amortized cost basis and the fair value.
potential expected credit loss impairment is considered using a variety of factors, including the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost; adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the issuer or underlying collateral of a debt security; changes in the quality of the debt security's credit enhancement; payment structure of the debt security; changes in credit rating of the debt security by the rating agencies; failure of the issuer to make scheduled principal or interest payments on the debt security and changes in prepayment speeds. for debt securities, we take into account expectations of relevant market and economic data. for example, with respect to mortgage and asset-backed securities, such data includes underlying loan level data and structural features such as seniority and other forms of credit enhancements. we estimate the amount of the expected credit loss component of a debt security as the difference between the amortized cost and the present value of the expected cash flows of the security. the present value is determined using the best estimate of future cash flows discounted at the implicit interest rate at the date of purchase. the expected credit loss cannot exceed the full difference between the amortized cost basis and the fair value.
the risks inherent in assessing the impairment of an investment include the risk that market factors may differ from our expectations, facts and circumstances factored into our assessment may change with the passage of time, or we may decide to subsequently sell the investment. the determination of whether a decline in the value of an investment is related to a credit event requires us to exercise significant diligence and judgment. the discovery of new information and the passage of time can significantly change these judgments. the status of the general economic environment and significant changes in the national securities markets influence the determination of fair value and the assessment of investment impairment. there is a continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and additional material realized losses from sales or expected credit loss impairments may be recorded in future periods.
all issuers of debt securities we own that were trading at an unrealized loss at december 31, 2022 remain current on all contractual payments. after taking into account these and other factors previously described, we believe these unrealized losses primarily were caused by an increase in market interest rates in the current markets since the time the debt securities were purchased. at december 31, 2022, we did not intend to sell any debt securities with an unrealized loss position in accumulated other comprehensive income, and it is not likely that we will be required to sell these debt securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis. additionally, we did not record any material credit allowances for debt securities that were in an unrealized loss position at december 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020.
goodwill, indefinite-lived and long-lived assets at december 31, 2022, goodwill, indefinite-lived and other long-lived assets represented 33% of total assets and 92% of total stockholders' equity, compared to 38% and 104%, respectively, at december 31, 2021. the decrease in goodwill, indefinite-lived and other long-lived assets is primarily attributable to our august 2022 sale of kah hospice.
for goodwill, we are required to test at least annually for impairment at a level of reporting referred to as the reporting unit, and more frequently if adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. a reporting unit either is our operating segments or one level below the operating segments, referred to as a component, which comprise our reportable segments. a component is considered a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available that is regularly reviewed by management. we are required to aggregate the components of an operating segment into one reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. goodwill is assigned to the reporting unit that is expected to benefit from a specific acquisition.
we perform a quantitative assessment to review goodwill for impairment to determine both the existence and amount of goodwill impairment, if any. our strategy, long-range business plan, and annual planning process support our goodwill impairment tests. these tests are performed, at a minimum, annually in the fourth quarter, and are based on an evaluation of future discounted cash flows. we rely on this discounted cash flow analysis to determine fair value. however outcomes from the discounted cash flow analysis are compared to other market approach valuation methodologies for reasonableness. we use discount rates that correspond to a market-based weighted-average cost of capital and terminal growth rates that correspond to long-term growth prospects, consistent with the long-term inflation rate. key assumptions in our cash flow projections, including changes in membership, premium yields, medical and operating cost trends, and certain government contract extensions, are consistent with those utilized in our long-range business plan and annual planning process. if these assumptions differ from actual, including the impact of the health care reform law or changes in government reimbursement rates, the estimates underlying our goodwill impairment tests could be adversely affected. the fair value of our reporting units with significant goodwill exceeded carrying amounts by a substantial margin. however, unfavorable changes in key assumptions or combinations of assumptions including a significant increase in the discount rate, decrease in the long-term growth rate or substantial reduction in our underlying cash flow assumptions, including revenue growth rates, medical and operating cost trends, and projected operating income could have a significant negative impact on the estimated fair value of our home solutions and provider reporting units, which accounted for $4.3 billion and $1.1 billion of goodwill, respectively. impairment tests completed for 2022, 2021, and 2020 did not result in an impairment loss.
indefinite-lived intangible assets relate to certificate of needs (con) and medicare licenses acquired in connection with our august 2021 kah acquisition with a carrying value of $1.4 billion at december 31, 2022. like goodwill, we are required to test at least annually for impairment and more frequently if adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. these tests are performed, at a minimum, annually in the fourth quarter. if the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized. fair values of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined based on the income approach. impairment tests completed for 2022 did not result in a material impairment loss. these charges reflect the amount by which the carrying value exceeded its estimated fair value. impairment tests completed for 2021 did not result in an impairment loss. the fair values of the assets were measured using level 3 inputs, such as projected revenues and operating cash flows.
long-lived assets consist of property and equipment and other definite-lived intangible assets. these assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life, and are subject to impairment reviews. we periodically review long-lived assets whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. in assessing recoverability, we must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine if an impairment loss may exist, and, if so, estimate fair value. we also must estimate and make assumptions regarding the useful life we assign to our long-lived assets. if these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record impairment losses or change the useful life, including accelerating depreciation or amortization for these assets. other than the $248 million of asset impairment charges as a result of our value creation initiatives as described in footnote 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k, there were no other impairment losses in the last three years.
