item 1a.    risk factors you should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating our company and our business. our future operating results involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in this annual report on form 10-k. factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed below, as well as those factors discussed elsewhere herein. any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and stock price.
risks related to our business and industry because our business lines are highly attractive, they are also highly competitive. our failure to successfully execute certain strategies within this competitive environment could have a material negative impact on our future growth and profitability the companion animal healthcare industry is highly competitive, and we anticipate increasing levels of competition from both existing competitors and new sector entrants given our performance and the industry's strong growth and returns. our ability to maintain or enhance our growth rates and our profitability depends on our successful execution of many elements of our strategy, including:
•developing, manufacturing, and marketing innovative new or improved and cost competitive in-clinic laboratory analyzers that drive sales of idexx vetlab instruments, grow our installed base of instruments, and increase demand for related recurring sales of consumable products, services, and accessories;
•developing and introducing new or improved innovative diagnostic tests and services for both our reference laboratories and in-clinic applications that provide valuable medical information to our customers and effectively differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors;
•developing and introducing new or improved innovative, data-insightful software solutions that enable our veterinary customers to improve practice management and efficiency, staff productivity, and client communications and that increase the value to our veterinary customers of our other companion animal products and services by enhancing the integration of the information and transactions of these products and services and supporting the interpretation and management of diagnostic information derived from these products and services;
•maintaining premium pricing, including by effectively implementing price increases, for our differentiated products and services through, among other things, effective communication and promotion of the value of our products and services in an environment where many of our competitors promote, market, and sell lesser offerings at prices lower than ours;
•providing our veterinary customers with the medical and business tools, information, and resources that enable them to grow their practices and increase utilization of our diagnostic products and services, through increased pet visits, use of preventive care protocols, enhanced practice of real-time care, and improved practice efficiency;
•achieving cost improvements in our worldwide network of reference laboratories by implementing global best practices, including lean processing techniques, incorporating technological enhancements, including laboratory automation and a global laboratory information management system, employing purchasing strategies to maximize leverage of our global scale, increasing the leverage of existing infrastructure and consolidating testing in high volume laboratory hubs;
•achieving cost improvements in the manufacture and service of our in-clinic laboratory analyzers by employing the benefits of economies of scale in both negotiating supply contracts and leveraging manufacturing overhead, and by improving reliability of our instruments;
•continuing to expand, develop, and advance the productivity of our companion animal diagnostic sales, marketing, customer support, and logistics organizations in the u.s. and international regions in support of, among other things, our all-direct sales strategies;
•attracting, developing, and retaining key leadership and talent necessary to support all elements of our strategy, which is challenging due to the increasingly competitive and tight labor markets in which we operate, as well as public health issues, including pandemics, such as the covid-19-related pandemic impacts on the workforce;
•strengthening our sales and marketing activities to continue to grow our profitability both in and outside the u.s.;
•identifying, completing, and integrating acquisitions that enhance our existing businesses, create new businesses for us or expand the geographic areas in which we do business;
•developing and implementing new technology and licensing strategies; and
•continuing to effectively manage our growth and expansion on a global scale through, among other things, designing and implementing cost-effective improvements to our processes, procedures, and infrastructure.
if we are unsuccessful in implementing and executing on some or all of these strategies, our rate of growth or profitability may be negatively impacted.
our dependence on third-party suppliers could limit our ability to sell certain products or negatively affect our operating results we rely on third-party suppliers to provide components and raw materials (including biological materials) for our manufactured products, manufacture some of the products that we sell, and perform certain services, including package-delivery services. actions taken by third-party suppliers in operating their business, as well as any disruptions to their business operations (or their suppliers' business operations), could disrupt our supply chain or operations and materially negatively impact our ability to supply the market, substantially decrease sales, lead to higher costs, and damage our reputation with our customers. longer-term disruptions could potentially result in the permanent loss of our customers, which could reduce our recurring revenues and long-term profitability.
our supply chain and our cost of goods also may be adversely impacted by unanticipated price increases due to factors such as inflation (including wage inflation), supply restrictions beyond our control or the control of our suppliers, or regulatory requirements regarding the importation, exportation, composition, or production processes of the goods or materials provided by our suppliers. if current suppliers fail to supply sufficient goods or materials that comply with applicable regulatory requirements to us on a timely basis, or at all, or are unable to comply with any due diligence requests that may be required pursuant to applicable law or regulation, we could experience inventory shortages and disruptions in our supply of goods or materials.
for examples of some of the events that could result in disruption to our supply chain or operations, and negatively impact our operating results, refer to "various u.s. and foreign government regulations could limit or delay our ability to market and sell our products or otherwise negatively impact our business," "we are increasingly dependent on the continuous and reliable operation of our information technology systems, and a disruption of these systems or significant security breaches could adversely affect our business" and "factors and events beyond our control could disrupt our operations, supply chain, and logistics network and adversely affect our business" below.
in addition, we currently purchase many products, components, and materials from sole or single sources. some of these products are proprietary and, therefore, cannot be readily or easily replaced by alternative sources. these products, components, and materials are used in a majority of our instruments, including our catalyst dx, catalyst one, procyte dx, and procyte one analyzers; consumables and accessories used in our instruments; livestock and poultry diagnostic tests, dairy testing products, and water testing products. even if products, components, and materials were to become available to us from alternative suppliers, we likely would incur additional costs and delays in identifying or qualifying replacement materials, and there can be no assurance that replacements would be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. in certain cases, we may be required to obtain regulatory approval to use alternative suppliers, and this process of approval could delay production of our products or development of product candidates indefinitely.
we seek to mitigate sole and single-source suppliers risks on a risk-prioritized basis and in a variety of ways, including, when possible, by identifying and qualifying alternative suppliers, developing applicable in-house manufacturing capabilities and expertise, and entering into escrow arrangements for manufacturing information for certain single or sole-sourced products. we also seek to enter into long-term contracts that provide for an uninterrupted supply of products at predictable or fixed prices. however, there can be no assurance that we will successfully implement any of these mitigating activities or that, if implemented, any of them will be effective in preventing any delay or other disruption in our ability to supply our customers. in addition, suppliers may decline to enter into long-term contracts for any number of reasons, which would require us to purchase products, components, or raw materials via short-term contracts or on a purchase order basis. there can be no assurance that suppliers with which we do not have long-term contracts will continue to supply our requirements, will always fulfill their obligations under those contracts, or will not experience disruptions in their ability to supply our requirements. in cases where we purchase sole and single-source products, components, or raw materials under purchase orders, we are more susceptible to unanticipated cost increases or changes in other terms of supply. in addition, under some contracts with suppliers we have minimum purchase obligations, and our failure to satisfy those obligations may result in loss of some or all of our rights under these contracts or require us to compensate the supplier. if we are unable to obtain adequate quantities of products, components, or raw materials in the future from sole and single-source suppliers, or if such sole and single-source suppliers are unable to obtain the components or other materials required to manufacture the products, we may be unable to supply our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, and any longer-term disruptions could potentially result in the permanent loss of customers, which could reduce our recurring revenues and long-term profitability.
our biologic products are complex and difficult to manufacture, which could negatively affect our ability to supply our customers many of our rapid assay, livestock and poultry diagnostic, water, and dairy products are biologic products that include biological materials, such as antibodies, cells, and sera. manufacturing biologic products is highly complex due to the inherent variability of biological materials and the difficulty of controlling the interactions of these materials with other components of the products, samples, and the environment. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain adequate sources of biological materials or that we will be able to consistently manufacture biologic products that satisfy applicable product release criteria and regulatory requirements. further, products that meet release criteria at the time of manufacture may fall out of specification while in customer inventory, which could require us to incur expenses associated with recalling products and providing customers with new products, either of which could damage customer relations. our inability to produce or obtain necessary biological materials or to successfully manufacture biologic products that incorporate such materials could result in our inability to supply our customers with these products, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
various u.s. and foreign government regulations could limit or delay our ability to market and sell our products or otherwise negatively impact our business as a global business, we sell products and services in more than 175 countries and operate in an increasingly complex legal and regulatory environment. in the u.s., the manufacture and sale of certain of our products are regulated by federal agencies, such as the usda, the fda, and the epa. our diagnostic tests for animal health applications that involve the detection of infectious diseases, including most rapid assay canine and feline snap tests and livestock and poultry diagnostic tests, must be approved by the usda prior to sale in the u.s. our dairy testing products, as well as the manufacture and sale of our opti line of human point-of-care electrolytes and blood gas analyzers, require approval by the fda before they may be sold commercially in the u.s. the methods used by our water testing products must be approved by the epa, as a part of its water quality monitoring program, before they can be used by customers in the u.s. delays in obtaining regulatory approvals for new products or product upgrades could have a negative impact on our growth and profitability.
we are also subject to chemical regulation in the u.s., such as california's proposition 65, which requires businesses to provide warnings to california residents about significant risk of exposures to chemicals in products that are known to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. in addition, governmental authorities in the u.s. are increasingly focused on preventing environmental contamination from per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("pfas"), which may be contained in certain idexx products. for example, the state of maine requires reporting of intentionally-added pfas in products, and the sale in maine of any product containing intentionally-added pfas will be prohibited after january 1, 2030 (subject to certain exceptions to be promulgated by the maine department of environmental protection). in addition, federal and state governments and agencies are in various stages of considering and/or implementing laws and regulations requiring the reporting, restriction and/or phase-out of pfas in products.
the manufacture, import, and sale of our products, as well as our research and development processes, are subject to similar and sometimes more stringent laws in many foreign countries. for example, the european union regulates the use of certain substances that we currently use in our products or processes. these regulations include, but are not limited to, the biocidal products regulation, which requires the use of approved biocides in our products prior to being manufactured, used, or sold in the european union; the european regulation for registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemical substances, or reach, which regulates and restricts the use of chemicals in the european union; the restriction of hazardous substances ("rohs") directive, which regulates and restricts certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment; the electromagnetic compatibility directive; and the waste electrical and electronic equipment directive. in addition, european union regulatory authorities and certain european countries are contemplating regulations to restrict and phase-out pfas.
compliance with these and similar laws, directives and regulations in the u.s. and abroad may require registration of the applicable substances, performance of due diligence across our supply chain and reporting thereon, and/or the redesign or reformulation of our products, and may reduce or eliminate the availability of certain parts and components used in our products and services or lead us to change our suppliers in the event our suppliers are unable to comply with our due diligence requests or the applicable regulations in a timely and cost-effective manner. in extreme situations, compliance with these laws, directives and regulations may require us to eliminate or discontinue the use of a part or component in one or more products, but the redesign or reformulation of such products without such parts or components may not be possible. any redesign or reformulation, change in our suppliers, or restrictions in our supply of parts and components may negatively affect the availability or performance of our products and services, add testing lead-times for products and reformulated products, reduce our margins, result in additional costs, or have other similar effects. any inability to redesign or reformulate one or more of our products may preclude us from marketing and selling such products in the applicable regions. in addition, the costs to comply with these regulations may be significant. any of these could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. these legal and regulatory requirements are complex and subject to change, and we continue to evaluate their impact.
in addition, some foreign governments require us to register or certify our products before they can be distributed or sold, and these product registration requirements, which vary among the applicable jurisdictions and change from time to time, are often complex and require us to engage in lengthy and costly processes and provide confidential, proprietary information about those products to foreign regulatory agencies. for example, compliance with extensive country-specific regulatory processes is required in connection with importing, marketing, and selling our diagnostic products in japan, germany, canada, brazil, the netherlands, china, and many other countries. there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any product registration required by one or more foreign governments. any inability to obtain or maintain a required product registration in a jurisdiction could adversely affect our ability to market and sell the applicable product in that jurisdiction, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. there can also be no assurance that confidential, proprietary information provided to foreign regulatory agencies may not be accessed by unauthorized persons or otherwise stolen, which could negatively impact our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our innovative products and our future success. for more information about the risks related to the protection of our proprietary rights in our products and services, refer to "our success is heavily dependent on our continued differentiated product and service innovation" below.
we are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations governing our global business practices. for example, jurisdictions in which we operate prohibit bribery and corruption, anti-competitive behavior, and money laundering; impose trade compliance requirements and restrictions, such as prohibitions on doing business with certain entities or individuals; determine rules impacting the importation and exportation of our products; and regulate immigration and travel. these legal, regulatory, and sometimes politically motivated requirements differ among jurisdictions around the world and are rapidly changing and increasingly complex. the costs associated with compliance with these legal and regulatory requirements and adjusting to changing legal and political environments are significant and likely to increase in the future.
any failure by us to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, or to adjust to changing legal and political environments, could result in fines, penalties, and sanctions; product recalls; suspensions or discontinuations of, or limitations or restrictions on, our ability to design, manufacture, market, import, export or sell our products; and damage to our reputation. any of these could negatively impact our business.
our success is heavily dependent on our continued differentiated product and service innovation we believe our future success significantly depends on our ability to continue, on a cost-effective and timely basis, to enhance our existing differentiated product and service offerings and to develop and introduce new and innovative differentiated products and services. as a result, we invest substantial funds and efforts into r&d, investigating new products and technologies being developed by third parties, and obtaining certain such new products and technologies through licenses or acquisitions. there can be no assurance that our r&d, licensing, or acquisition efforts will achieve expected results, when or whether any of our products or services now under development will be launched, or whether we may be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire new products or technologies. we also cannot predict whether any product or service offering, once launched, will achieve market acceptance, or achieve sales and revenue consistent with our expectations.
we rely on a combination of patent, trade secret, trademark, and copyright laws to protect our proprietary rights. we also license patents and technologies from third parties to enable the use of third-party technologies in the development, production, and provision of our products and services. if we do not have adequate protection of our proprietary rights or are unable to license third-party patents and technologies on reasonable terms, our business may be adversely affected by competitors who utilize substantially equivalent technologies to compete with us.
we cannot ensure that we will obtain issued patents, that any patents issued or licensed to us will remain valid, or that any patents owned or licensed by us will provide protection against competitors with similar technologies. even if our patents cover products or services sold by our competitors, the time and expense of litigating to enforce our patent rights could be substantial and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, expiration of patent rights could result in substantial new competition for products or services previously covered by those patent rights.
in the past, we have received notices claiming that our products or services infringe third-party patents, and we may receive such notices in the future. patent litigation is complex and expensive, and the outcome of patent litigation can be difficult to predict. we cannot ensure that we will win a patent litigation case or negotiate an acceptable resolution of such a case. if we lose, we may be prohibited from selling certain products or services and/or we may be required to pay damages and/or ongoing royalties as a result of the lawsuit. any such result could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
increased competition from and technological advances by our competitors could negatively affect our operating results we face intense competition, and we expect that future competition will become even more intense as new products, services and technologies become available and new competitors enter the space. our competitors in the veterinary diagnostic sector in the united states and abroad include companies that develop, manufacture, and sell veterinary diagnostic tests and commercial veterinary reference laboratories, certain large and well-funded animal health pharmaceutical companies, as well as corporate hospital chains that operate reference laboratories that serve both their hospitals and unaffiliated hospitals, such as vca inc., which is wholly owned by mars, incorporated, another operator of corporate hospital chains. consolidation among our competitors and our customers may intensify the competition we face. while we believe that our offerings are competitively differentiated due to our innovative products and services (such as the idexx sdma test and vetconnect plus) that offer an integrated, comprehensive diagnostic solution and the quality of our technical and customer service, there can be no assurance that increased consolidation among our competitors or customers (as well as any resulting reference laboratory vertical integration among our customers) would not have a negative impact on our ability to compete successfully. for more information regarding the risks presented by consolidation and reference laboratory vertical integration among our customers, refer to "consolidation in our customer base, including through increased corporate hospital ownership, and prevalence of buying consortiums could negatively affect our business" below.
competition could negatively affect our sales and profitability in a number of ways. new competitors may emerge through the development of innovative new technology, the acquisition of rights to use existing technologies or the use of existing technologies when patents protecting such existing technologies expire. new or existing competitors may introduce new, innovative, and competitive products and services, which could be superior, or be perceived by our customers to be superior, to our products and services or lead to the obsolescence of one or more of our products or services. business combinations and mergers among our competitors may result in competitors that are better positioned to create, market, and sell more compelling product and service offerings. while an important aspect of our strategy is to continue, on a cost-effective and timely basis, to enhance our existing products and services and to develop and introduce new and innovative products and services, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop such products and services or that those products or services will be superior to our competitors' products or services or otherwise achieve customer acceptance. some of our competitors and potential competitors may choose to differentiate themselves by offering products and services perceived in the eyes of customers as similar, at substantially lower sales prices, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations through loss of sales and/or revenues or a decision to lower our own sales prices to remain competitive. in addition, our ability to attract and retain customers depends on the effectiveness of our customer marketing and incentive programs and multiple competitors could bundle product and service offerings through co-marketing or other arrangements, which could enhance their ability to compete with our broad product and service offerings. certain of our competitors and potential competitors, including large diagnostic and pharmaceutical companies, also have substantially greater financial and managerial resources than us, as well as greater experience in manufacturing, marketing, research and development, and obtaining regulatory approvals than we do.
consolidation in our customer base, including through increased corporate hospital ownership, and prevalence of buying consortiums could negatively affect our business veterinarians are our primary customers for our cag products and services, and the veterinary services industry in the u.s. and abroad has been consolidating at an accelerating rate in recent years. in the united states, the number of owners of veterinary hospitals has been declining, and an increasing percentage of veterinary hospitals are owned by corporations that are in the business of acquiring veterinary hospitals and/or opening new veterinary hospitals nationally or regionally. major corporate hospital owners in the u.s. include mars, incorporated (owner of banfield pet hospitals, blue pearl veterinary partners, pet partners and vca inc.), and national veterinary associates, and are joined by dozens of other consolidators. a similar trend exists in other regions such as canada, europe, australia, new zealand, china, and brazil. furthermore, an increasing percentage of individually-owned veterinary hospitals in the u.s. are participating in buying consortiums. corporate owners of veterinary hospitals and buying consortiums often seek to improve profitability by leveraging the buying power they derive from their scale to obtain favorable pricing from suppliers, which could have a negative impact on our profitability and results of operations. while we have strong supplier relationships with several corporate hospital groups and buying consortiums, decisions by larger corporate owners and buying consortiums to shift their purchasing of products and services away from us and to a competitor would have a negative impact on our results of operations from the loss of future business. under these circumstances, we may receive customer contract resolution payments, which would generally be recorded in other operating income in the period received. nonetheless, the loss of future revenue may still be significant and adversely affect our future revenue growth rate and profitability. in addition, certain corporate owners also operate reference laboratories that serve both their hospitals and unaffiliated hospitals. any hospitals acquired by these companies generally attempt to shift all or a large portion of their testing to the reference laboratories operated by these companies, and there can be no assurance that hospitals that otherwise become affiliated with these companies would not shift all or a portion of their testing to such reference laboratories. furthermore, because these companies compete with us in the reference laboratory services marketplace, hospitals acquired by these companies or those that establish other affiliations with these companies may cease to be customers or potential customers of our other companion animal products and services, which would cause our sales of these products and services to decline.
changes in testing patterns could negatively affect our operating results demand for our companion animal, livestock and poultry diagnostic tests and our dairy and water testing products could be negatively impacted by a number of factors impacting testing practices. the introduction or broad market acceptance of vaccines or preventatives for the diseases and conditions for which we sell diagnostic tests and services could result in a decline in testing. changes in accepted medical protocols regarding the diagnosis of certain diseases and conditions could have a similar effect. eradication or substantial declines in the prevalence of certain diseases also could lead to a decline in diagnostic testing for such diseases. our livestock and poultry products business in particular is subject to fluctuations resulting from changes in disease prevalence. the outbreak of certain diseases (such as african swine fever) among livestock or poultry, or the adverse impact of climate change-related events (such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, and floods), could lead to the widespread death or precautionary destruction of such animals in the affected regions, reducing herd or flock sizes, which could reduce the demand for our testing products for such animals. changes in government regulations or in the availability of government funds available for monitoring programs could negatively affect sales of our products that are driven by compliance testing, such as our livestock and poultry, dairy and water products. in addition, changes and trends in local dairy, poultry, or other food sectors around the world could negatively affect the related production markets resulting in a decline in demand for our testing products. economic weakness may also reduce demand for our companion animal, water, livestock, poultry, and dairy products and services, and public health-related guidance and directives, including stay-at-home orders that may be further deployed to combat public health issues, and possible higher infection rates could result in a decrease in companion animal clinical visits, the delay of elective procedures and wellness visits and disruption of veterinary clinic operations, all of which would have a negative effect on veterinary service providers and result in declines in demand for our cag products and services. declines in testing for any reason, including the reasons described above, along with lost opportunities associated with a reduction in veterinary visits, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
we sell many products through distributors, which presents risks that could negatively affect our operating results some of our international product sales occur through third-party distributors. as a result, we are dependent on these distributors to promote and create demand for our products. our distributors often offer products from several different companies, including our competitors, and may promote our competitors' products over our own products. we have limited ability, if any, to cause our distributors to devote adequate resources to promoting, marketing, selling, and supporting our products or to maintain certain inventory levels, and changes in our distributors' inventory levels, as compared to comparable prior periods, could negatively impact our revenue growth rates. there can be no assurances made that we will be successful in maintaining and strengthening our relationships with our distributors or establishing relationships with new distributors who have the ability to market, sell, and support our products effectively. we may rely on one or more key distributors for a product or a region, and the loss of these distributors could reduce our revenue. distributors may face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivable and financial results. while we maintain a rigorous distribution compliance program, violations of anti-corruption or similar laws by our distributors could have a material impact on our business and reputation, and any termination of a distributor relationship may result in increased competition in the applicable jurisdiction. failure to manage the risks associated with our use of distributors outside of the u.s. may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position, any of which could have a negative effect on our operating results.
our limited experience and small scale in the human point-of-care and related human laboratory diagnostics sector could inhibit our success in this sector we have limited experience in the human point-of-care and related human laboratory medical diagnostics sector, and we operate at a small scale in this area. this sector differs in many respects from the veterinary diagnostic sector. significant differences include the impact of third-party reimbursement on diagnostic testing, more extensive regulation, greater product liability risks, larger competitors, a more segmented customer base, and more rapid technological innovation. our limited experience and small scale in the human point-of-care and laboratory medical diagnostics sector could negatively affect our ability to successfully manage the risks and features of this sector that differ from the veterinary diagnostic sector. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in achieving growth and profitability in the human point-of-care and laboratory medical diagnostics sector comparable to the results we have achieved in the veterinary diagnostic sector.
general risks we depend on the efforts of key personnel and talent to succeed and compete effectively our continued success is substantially dependent on our ability to attract, develop, and retain highly capable, skilled, and diverse employees and leaders. as we continue to grow our business, expand our geographic scope, and develop and offer innovative, new products and services, we require an engaged, qualified workforce and the organizational talent necessary to ensure effective succession for our senior leadership and other key personnel. competition for experienced leaders and employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, can be intense. our ability to recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location, flexibility regarding virtual and hybrid work arrangements, work environment, corporate culture, and development opportunities. furthermore, a more competitive labor market has made it more difficult and costly to attract qualified labor, and prolonged shortages could adversely affect our ability to achieve our business objectives.
the loss of the services of, or our failure to recruit or develop and implement effective succession plans for, our senior leadership, other key personnel, and employees may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our strategic objectives, disrupt our operations, and adversely affect our business and our future success. in addition, even if we effectively develop and implement succession plans and make key leadership transitions, we cannot provide assurances as to whether we may experience management or other challenges in connection with any of those leadership transitions that could adversely affect our future success and could otherwise materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition.
we are subject to risks associated with public health issues, including pandemics, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations we are subject to risks associated with public health issues, including the covid-19 pandemic and other events beyond our control. public health issues and crises may adversely impact our operations, supply chain and logistics network if the locations where we operate, manufacture or distribute our products; where our raw materials or product components are sourced, manufactured or distributed; or where our third-party distributors, suppliers and other service providers operate, are disrupted, temporarily closed or experience worker shortages for a sustained period of time. in addition, public health issues and crises may adversely impact our customers' businesses due to business lockdowns, decreased companion animal clinical visits, labor shortages, the delay of elective procedures and wellness visits, and disruption of veterinary clinic and other customer operations, all of which could cause a decline in demand for our products and services. these disruptions could also cause economic slowdowns or increased economic uncertainty.
while we largely avoided any significant disruption to the business as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, a future public health issue, pandemic or outbreak of covid-19 could lead to delays in the manufacturing and supply of products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. moreover, any future public health issue such as a resurgence in covid-19 infections, including due to new variants of the virus for which current vaccines may not be effective, could result in the imposition of new governmental restrictions, quarantine requirements or other measures to slow the spread of the virus, which could result in closures or other restrictions that significantly disrupt our operations or those of our third-party distributors, suppliers or other service providers, or otherwise adversely affect our customers' businesses or operations, or result in economic weakness or slowdowns in one or more of our key geographies, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition.
we are increasingly dependent on the continuous and reliable operation of our information technology systems, and a disruption of these systems or significant security breaches could adversely affect our business we rely on our information systems, as well as our third-party business partners' and suppliers' information systems, to provide access to our web-based products and services, keep financial records, analyze results of operations, process customer orders, manage inventory, process shipments to customers, store confidential or proprietary information and operate other critical functions. although we maintain security policies, employ system backup measures and engage in redundancy planning and processes, such policies, measures, planning and processes, as well as our current disaster recovery plans, may be ineffective or inadequate to address all eventualities. further, our information systems and our business partners' and suppliers' information systems have experienced, and will likely continue to experience, attacks by hackers and other security breaches, including, among other things, computer viruses and malware, ransomware, denial of service actions, the compromise or misappropriation of confidential or otherwise protected information and similar events through the internet (including via devices and applications connected to the internet), and through email attachments and persons with access to these information systems, such as our employees or third parties with whom we do business. the continued use of remote working and hybrid work-from-home arrangements may additionally result in some increased risk of attacks associated with a number of our employees accessing our data and systems remotely. in addition, security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of hackers and cybersecurity attacks targeting u.s. organizations, such as idexx.
as information systems and the use of software and related applications by us, our business partners, suppliers, and customers become more cloud-based and connected to the "internet of things," which is inherently susceptible to cyberattacks, there has been an increase in global cybersecurity vulnerabilities and threats, including more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks that pose a risk to the security of our information systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of data and information. we process credit card payments electronically over secure networks and also offer products and services that connect to and are part of the "internet of things," such as our connected devices (e.g., idexx vetlab instruments). any such attack or breach could compromise our networks and the information stored thereon could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. while we have implemented network security and internal control measures, especially for the purpose of protecting our connected products and services from cyberattacks, and invested in our data and information technology infrastructure, these efforts have not always been successful in preventing, and there can be no assurance that these efforts will in the future prevent, a system disruption, attack, or security breach and, as such, there continues to be risk of system disruptions and security breaches from a cyberattack.
we, and some of our third-party vendors, have experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past and will likely experience further attacks in the future, potentially with more frequency. to our knowledge, none have resulted in any material adverse impact to our business or operations. we have adopted measures to mitigate potential risks associated with information technology disruptions and cybersecurity threats; however, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions and the evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, which vary in technique and sources, if we or our business partners or suppliers were to experience a system disruption, attack or security breach that impacts any of our critical functions, or our customers were to experience a system disruption, attack or security breach via any of our connected products and services, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational and/or productivity delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromise or misappropriation of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems or networks, financial losses and additional costs from remedial actions, repairs to infrastructure, physical systems or data processing systems, increased cybersecurity and information technology protection costs, loss of business or potential liability, and/or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. our customers and/or employees could also face negative consequences such as the compromise of sensitive or critical information or systems. furthermore, access to, public disclosure of, or other loss of data or information (including any of our confidential or proprietary information or personal data or information) as a result of an attack or security breach has given, and in the future may give, rise to notification obligations to individuals, regulators, customers, employees, and others, and could result in governmental actions or private claims or proceedings, any of which could damage our reputation, cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, damage our ability to develop (and protect our rights to) our differentiated technologies and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. for more information regarding data and information privacy and protection risks, refer to "our operations and reputation may be impaired if we, our products, or our services do not comply with our global privacy policy or evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy and protection" below.
factors and events beyond our control could disrupt our operations, supply chain, and logistics network and adversely affect our business our business and results of operations could be negatively affected by certain factors and events beyond our control, such as natural disasters, severe weather conditions and/or climate change-related events (such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, and floods); public health issues (such as outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics); civil or military unrest; geopolitical conditions and developments; war, terrorism, armed conflict, or other man-made disasters (including cyber-war, cyber terrorism, or state-sponsored attacks arising out of the war between russia and ukraine); inflationary pressures, such as those the market is currently experiencing, which may increase costs for materials and finished goods; adverse or uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including fears of a global economic downturn or recession; increases in wages that drive up prices; rising interest rates; workforce disruptions; labor shortages or stoppages; the imposition of regulations, trade protection measures, tariffs, duties, import/export restrictions, quotas or embargoes on key components; transportation failures affecting the supply and shipment of materials and finished goods; and the unavailability of raw materials. any of these events could result in, among other things, damage to or the temporary closure of one or more of our manufacturing or distribution facilities or reference laboratories (damage to one of our facilities or the manufacturing equipment we use could be costly and may require substantial lead-time to repair or replace); damage to or closure of one or more facilities of our third-party business partners or suppliers on which we rely; a temporary lack of an adequate work force in one or more markets; an interruption in power supply; a temporary or long-term disruption in our supply chain or logistics network (including a disruption to our ability to obtain critical components for the manufacture of our products); a temporary disruption in our ability to deliver (or delays in the delivery of) our products or services; and short- or long-term damage to our customers' businesses (which would adversely impact customer demand for our products and services). for more information regarding the risks presented by disruption to our suppliers' operations and supply chain, refer to "our dependence on third-party suppliers could limit our ability to sell certain products or negatively affect our operating results" above.
we manufacture many of our significant companion animal products, including our rapid assay products and certain instruments and consumables, many of our water testing products and certain of our livestock, poultry, and dairy testing products, at a single facility in westbrook, maine. certain of our companion animal products, as well as our human point-of-care products, are manufactured in roswell, georgia. we also manufacture certain of our livestock and poultry testing products in bern, switzerland and montpellier, france. in addition, we maintain major distribution facilities in north america and in the netherlands and major reference laboratories in memphis, tennessee; kornwestheim, germany; sacramento, california; elmhurst, illinois; north grafton, massachusetts; east brisbane, australia; markham, ontario; wetherby, u.k.; and tokyo, japan. interruption of operations at any of these facilities due to the occurrence of one or more of the events described above could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
while we maintain plans to continue business under such circumstances, there can be no assurance that such plans will be successful in fully or partially mitigating the effects of such events. we also maintain property and business interruption insurance to insure against the financial impact of certain events of this nature. however, this insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for the full amount of any losses that we may incur. in addition, such insurance will not compensate us for potential long-term competitive effects of being out of the market for the period of any interruption in operations.
since our business is global in nature, geopolitical risks and other risks associated with doing business internationally could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and operating results for the year ended december 31, 2022, approximately 35% of our overall revenue and approximately 32%, 86% and 51% of our cag, lpd, and water revenues, respectively, were attributable to sales of products and services to customers outside the u.s. although we intend to continue to expand our international operations and business, we may not be able to successfully promote, market, import, export, sell, or distribute our products and services outside the u.s. various risks associated with foreign operations may impact our international sales and operations, including, but not limited to, disruptions in transportation of our products or our supply chain; fluctuations in oil prices; increased border protection and restriction on travel; the differing product and service needs of foreign customers; difficulties in building, staffing, and managing foreign operations (including a geographically dispersed workforce); differing protection of intellectual property; trade protection measures, quotas, embargoes, import/export restrictions, capital controls, tariffs, duties, and regulatory and licensing requirements; natural and other disasters; public health issues (such as outbreaks, epidemics, or the prospect of a pandemic); ongoing instability or changes in a country's or region's regulatory, economic, or political conditions, including inflation, recession, interest rate fluctuations, and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts; geopolitical crises, including terrorism, war, armed conflict or civil or military unrest (such as the current war between russia and ukraine); other unfavorable geopolitical conditions; security concerns; and local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, including business practices prohibited by the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations.
in addition, to market and sell many of our products outside the u.s., we are subject to product approval and registration requirements that often require us to provide confidential, proprietary information about those products to foreign regulatory agencies. there can be no assurance that the confidential, proprietary information provided to foreign regulatory agencies to comply with product approval and registration requirements may not be accessed by unauthorized persons or otherwise stolen, which could negatively affect our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our innovative products and our future success. we also may forgo marketing and selling some of our products in certain foreign jurisdictions due to the risk of intellectual property theft, which could negatively affect our ability to expand our international operations and business. for more information about the risks related to the protection of our proprietary rights in our products and services, refer to "our success is heavily dependent on our continued differentiated product and service innovation" above.
further, prices that we charge to foreign customers may be different than the prices we charge for the same products in the u.s. due to competitive, market or other factors, or changes in foreign currency exchange rates. our results of operations are also susceptible to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. as a result, the mix of domestic and international sales in a particular period could have an adverse impact on our results of operations for that period.
climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operation we operate in many regions around the world where our businesses and the activities of our customers and suppliers could be disrupted by climate change. we are exposed to physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels), risks in transitioning to a low-carbon economy (such as additional legal or regulatory requirements, changes in technology, market risk and reputational risk) and social and human effects (such as harm to health and well-being) associated with climate change. these risks can be either acute (short-term) or chronic (long-term).
potential physical risks from climate change may include altered distribution and intensity of rainfall, prolonged droughts or flooding, increased frequency of wildfires and other natural disasters, rising sea levels, and a rising heat index, any of which could cause negative impacts to our and our customers' and suppliers' businesses. increased frequency and severity of extreme weather events could impact our suppliers, manufacturing locations, logistics, and/or customers in the short term. such impacts include losses incurred as a result of physical damage to facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption caused by such natural disasters and extreme weather events. other potential physical impacts due to climate change include reduced access to high-quality water in certain regions and the loss of biodiversity, which could impact future product development. these risks could disrupt our operations and supply chain, which may result in increased costs.
new legal or regulatory requirements may be enacted to prevent, mitigate, or adapt to the implications of a changing climate and its effects on the environment. these regulations, which may differ across jurisdictions, could result in our being subject to new or expanded carbon pricing or taxes, increased compliance costs, restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, investment in new technologies, increased carbon disclosure and transparency, investments in developing data gathering and reporting systems, upgrade of facilities to meet new building codes, increased energy costs, and the redesign of utility systems, which could increase our operating costs. our supply chain would likely be subject to these same transitional risks and would likely pass along any increased costs to us, which may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require.
a weak worldwide economy, or economic weakness in any significant geography, could result in reduced demand for our products and services or increased customer credit risk a substantial percentage of our sales are made worldwide to the companion animal veterinary industry. demand for our companion animal diagnostic products and services is driven in part by the number of patient visits to veterinary hospitals and the practices of veterinarians with respect to the recommendations for diagnostic testing, as well as pet owner compliance with these recommendations. pet owners generally pay cash out of pocket for health care services for their pets from veterinary practices. the ongoing impacts of the global covid-19 pandemic, inflation, rising interest rates, fear of a global economic downturn or recession and other economic factors, have increased economic uncertainty and caused economic slowdowns that may continue or recur. economic weakness in any of our significant geographies could cause pet owners in those regions to forgo or defer visits to veterinary hospitals or affect their willingness to approve certain diagnostic tests, comply with a treatment plan or, even more fundamentally, continue to own a pet. in addition, concerns about the financial resources of pet owners could cause veterinarians to be less likely to recommend certain diagnostic tests, and concerns about the economy may cause veterinarians to defer purchasing capital items such as our instruments and systems. these conditions, if they continue, could result in a decrease in sales or decrease in sales growth, of diagnostic products and services, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
demand for our water products is driven in part by the availability of funds at government laboratories, water utilities, and private certified laboratories that utilize our products. availability of funds also affects demand by government laboratories and cattle, swine and poultry producers that utilize our livestock and poultry diagnostic products, and by users of our human diagnostic products and services. economic weakness and the other factors described above have caused and could continue to cause our customers to reduce their investment in such testing, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
a weak economy may also cause deterioration in the financial condition of our distributors and customers, which could inhibit their ability to pay us amounts owed for products delivered or services provided in a timely fashion or at all.
our operations and reputation may be impaired if we, our products, or our services do not comply with our global privacy policy or evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy and protection the nature of our business involves the receipt, storage and use of information, including personal data, about our customers, pet owners, suppliers, and employees. we collect and use personal data in a variety of ways. we offer products and services that collect and use personal data, including veterinary practice management systems, online customer communication tools and services, vetconnect plus, and two-way integration technology. some of these products and services rely on third-party providers for cloud storage. we also engage in e-commerce through various websites and collect contact and other personal data from our customers and website visitors. in addition, we transfer information, including personal data, among idexx, our subsidiaries and third parties with which we have commercial relations for business purposes. our collection, transfer, protection, security, retention, storage, disclosure, sharing and use of personal data described above are subject to expanding and increasingly complex laws and regulations in the u.s. and abroad. in addition, these laws and regulations continue to develop and are subject to frequent revisions (and generally have become more stringent over time), are subject to differing interpretations, may be applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and could be deemed to be inconsistent with our current global privacy policy and data protection practices.
while we maintain a program to monitor, assess, and comply with applicable global data privacy laws, compliance with these evolving requirements can be costly, require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business or delay or impede the development and offering of innovative products and services. additionally, public perception and standards related to the privacy of personal data can shift rapidly, in ways that may affect our reputation or influence regulators in the u.s. and abroad to expand or adopt more stringent regulations and laws. examples of laws and regulations that have impacted and could, in the future, impact our business include:
•the california consumer privacy act, as amended by the california privacy rights act ("cpra"), as well as any similar u.s. state laws that may apply to our business operations within a respective state and/or a u.s. federal privacy law that may be passed in the future, all of which may have conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. the ccpa contained certain exemptions for personal information of employees and job applicants, and personal information collected in a "business-to-business" context, each of which expired as of january 1, 2023, expanding compliance obligations under to the ccpa.
•the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr") and similar requirements adopted by the united kingdom ("uk") following the uk's withdrawal from the european union ("eu") and the european economic area ("eea") impose stringent operational requirements for controllers and processors of personal data of individuals in the eea and uk. noncompliance could result in regulatory enforcement actions resulting in monetary penalties of up to the greater of €20 million or 4% of global annual revenues, private litigation, a suspension or termination of processing activities, reputational damage, and loss of customers.
•the china personal information protection law, the brazilian general data protection law, the south african protection of personal information act, the amendments to the japanese act on the protection of personal information, and the new zealand privacy act are examples of other non-u.s. personal data protection laws to which we are subject. additional countries in which we operate are considering adopting or expanding laws and regulations regarding personal data.
an additional area of complexity concerns the restrictions on transfers of personal data from certain countries to others. for example, in july 2020 the court of justice of the european union invalidated the eu-u.s. and swiss-u.s. privacy shield frameworks, calling into question data transfers carried out under the european commission's standard contractual clauses ("sccs"), which has created challenges for our transfer of personal data from the eea, eu, and/or switzerland to the u.s. and other third countries. any transfers by us or our vendors of personal data are subject to potential regulatory scrutiny and may increase our exposure under the gdpr and similar laws which contain cross-border personal data transfer heightened requirements and restrictions.
any failure or perceived failure by us, the third parties with whom we work or our products and services to comply with all applicable privacy-related laws and regulations, as well as our contractual obligations, could result in damage to our reputation or legal proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. in addition, concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, retention, disclosure, or security of personal data or other privacy-related matters, even if unfounded and even if we are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, could damage our reputation and harm our business.
failure to meet environmental, social and governance ("esg") regulations, standards, or expectations or to achieve our esg goals or targets could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price u.s. and international regulators, as well as our investors, customers, employees, and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on esg matters, including climate-related issues; diversity, equity, and inclusion; human capital matters; and responsible sourcing, human rights, and supply chain. regulators in the u.s., europe and elsewhere are considering or have proposed or adopted various laws, directives or regulations regarding esg matters, which include specific, target-driven disclosure requirements or obligations. furthermore, our investors and other stakeholders have additional (and sometimes different) esg expectations for companies such as idexx. meeting these emerging and evolving regulations, standards and expectations will require us to make investments, incur compliance costs and create new practices, processes, and procedures. in addition, if we fail to comply with applicable esg regulations, or our esg practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquiror or product or service provider could be negatively impacted, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price.
given our commitment to esg, we have publicly established certain esg goals and targets. our ability to achieve any esg goal or target is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control and depend in part on third-party performance or data, and there can be no assurance that we will achieve them. our failure to adequately update, accomplish or accurately track and report on these goals and targets on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community, special interest groups and enforcement authorities.
future operating results could be negatively affected by changes in tax rates, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities the nature of our global operations subjects us to local, state, regional and federal tax laws in jurisdictions around the world. our future tax expense could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. additionally, tax rules governing cross-border activities are continually subject to modification as a result of coordinated actions by governments and organizations such as the organization for economic cooperation and development ("oecd") and unilateral measures designed by individual countries, including a global minimum tax rate of 15%, both intended to tackle concerns over base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") and perceived international tax avoidance techniques. the u.s. recently enacted new tax legislation which, among other changes, imposes a 15% minimum tax on the book income of certain corporations and 1% excise tax on stock buybacks by u.s. public companies.
while we have taken, and may take further, actions intended to align our corporate structure and intercompany relationships with supporting our growth in international markets and maintaining operational and tax efficiency and continue to consider all of these developments within our overall tax strategy, changes in tax law in the u.s. and other countries in which we operate or have a presence may materially and adversely impact our income tax liability, provision for income taxes, effective tax rate and results of operation, and there can be no assurance that any actions we take to maintain operational and tax efficiency will effectively mitigate these impacts. moreover, these actions may increase our operating costs, and if ineffectual, could increase our income tax liabilities and our global effective tax rate.
our income tax filings are subject to examination by various tax authorities, and the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from that which is reflected in historical income tax provisions and accruals. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. we regularly assess our exposures related to our worldwide provision for income taxes to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. any reduction in these contingent liabilities or additional assessments would increase or decrease income, respectively, in the period such determination is made. if the ultimate determination of taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
strengthening of the rate of exchange for the u.s. dollar has a negative effect on our business we are a global business, with 35% of our revenue during the year ended december 31, 2022, attributable to sales of products and services to customers outside of the u.s. any strengthening of the rate of exchange for the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies, and in particular the euro, british pound, canadian dollar, chinese renminbi, japanese yen, australian dollar and brazilian real, adversely affects our results, as it reduces the dollar value of sales and profits that are made in those currencies. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar has a greater adverse effect on the profits from products manufactured or sourced in u.s. dollars that are exported to international markets and a lesser effect on profits from foreign sourced products and services due to a natural hedge from international expenses denominated in the corresponding foreign currencies.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, approximately 21% of our consolidated revenue was derived from products manufactured or sourced in u.s. dollars and sold internationally in local currencies, as compared to 23% for the year ended december 31, 2021, and 21% for the year ended december 31, 2020. a strengthening u.s. dollar could also negatively impact the ability of customers outside the u.s. to pay for purchases denominated in u.s. dollars as well as affect our overall competitiveness in international markets. the accumulated impacts from any continued, longer-term growth in the value of the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies may have a material adverse effect on our operating results. refer to "part ii, item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding currency impact.
our foreign currency hedging activities (refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 19. hedging instruments" in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements), which are designed to minimize and delay, but not to eliminate, the effects of foreign currency fluctuations, may not sufficiently offset the adverse financial effect of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates on our financial results over the limited time the hedges are in place. in addition, our hedging activities involve costs and risks, such as transactions costs and the risk that our hedging counterparties will default on their obligations.
we primarily hedge intercompany product purchases and sales denominated in the euro, british pound, canadian dollar, japanese yen, and australian dollar. other foreign currency exposures related to foreign sourced services and emerging markets may not be practical to hedge. in certain cases, these exposures are not offset by foreign currency denominated costs. as we primarily use foreign currency exchange contracts with durations of less than 24 months and enter into contracts to hedge incremental portions of anticipated foreign currency transactions on a quarterly basis for the current and following year, the effectiveness of our foreign currency hedging activities to offset longer-term appreciation in the value of the u.s. dollar against non-u.s. currencies may be limited. factors that could affect the effectiveness of our hedging activities include accuracy of sales and other forecasts, volatility of currency markets, and the cost and availability of hedging instruments. since our hedging activities are designed to minimize volatility, they not only temporarily reduce the negative impact of a stronger u.s. dollar, but they also temporarily reduce the positive impact of a weaker u.s. dollar. our future financial results could be significantly affected by a strengthening value of the u.s. dollar in relation to the foreign currencies in which we conduct business. the degree to which our financial results are affected for any given time period will depend in part upon our hedging activities.
restrictions in our debt agreements or our inability to obtain financing on favorable terms may increase our cost of borrowing and limit our activities our ability to make scheduled payments and satisfy our other obligations under our credit facility and senior notes depends on our future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. our business may not generate sufficient cash flows to meet these obligations or generate sufficient levels of earnings to satisfy the applicable affirmative, negative, and financial covenants. our failure to comply with these covenants and the other terms of the credit facility and senior notes could result in an event of default and acceleration of our obligations under these agreements, which may require us to seek additional financing or restructure existing debt on unfavorable terms. in addition, adverse changes in credit markets could increase our cost of borrowing and make it more difficult for us to obtain financing, which could limit our ability to execute certain strategies and have an adverse effect on our revenue growth and profitability.
our senior notes include provisions which stipulate a prepayment penalty for which we will be obligated in the event that we elect to repay the notes prior to their stated maturity dates. should we elect to repay some or all of the outstanding principal balance on our senior notes, the prepayment penalty we incur could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
we fund our operations, capital purchase requirements and strategic growth needs through cash on hand, funds generated from operations, amounts available under our credit facility and senior note financings. if we are unable to obtain financing on favorable terms, we could face restrictions that would limit our ability to execute certain strategies, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue growth and profitability.
borrowings under our credit facility bear interest at variable rates, including rates based on the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"), exposing us to interest rate risk. the recent rise in interest rates has increased our cost of borrowing. if interest rates were to continue to increase, our debt service obligations under our variable-rate credit facility would increase even if the principal amount borrowed remained the same.
risks related to an investment in our securities fluctuations in our quarterly or annual results may cause our stock price to decline our prior operating results have fluctuated due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including seasonality of certain product lines; changes in our accounting estimates; the impact of acquisitions; timing of distributor purchases, product launches, operating expenditures, and customer marketing and incentive programs; changes in the number and type of competitors and their product and service offerings; changes in our sales and distribution model; changes in the economy affecting consumer spending; and other matters. similarly, our future operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter or year to year due to these and other factors. if our operating results or projections of future operating results do not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors in future periods, our stock price may fall.
the market price of our common stock may be highly volatile, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid the trading price of our common stock may be volatile. securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. this market volatility, as well as other general economic, market, or political conditions, could reduce the market price of our common stock rapidly and unexpectedly, in spite of our operating performance. factors that may impact the market price of our common stock include the factors described in this "risk factors" section and elsewhere in this form 10-k, as well as:
•our stock repurchase program and changes in our capital structure or cost of capital, including the issuance of additional debt;
•public announcements (including the timing of these announcements) regarding our business, financial performance and prospects or new products or services, product enhancements or technological advances by our competitors or us;
•trading activity in our stock, including portfolio transactions in our stock by us, our executive officers and directors, and significant stockholders; trading activity that results from the ordinary course rebalancing of stock indices in which we may be included, such as the s&p 500 index; trading activity related to our inclusion in, or removal from, any stock indices; and short interest in our common stock, which could be significant from time to time;
•investor perception of us and the industry and sectors in which we operate, including changes in earnings estimates or buy/sell recommendations by securities analysts; and whether or not we meet earnings estimates of securities analysts who follow us; and
•general financial, domestic, international, economic, and market conditions, including overall fluctuations in the u.s. equity and credit markets, which may experience extreme volatility that, in some cases, is unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this annual report on form 10‐k. the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for the year ended december 31, 2020, and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020, is included in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, within item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, and is incorporated by reference herein.
we have included certain terms and abbreviations used throughout this annual report on form 10-k in the "glossary of terms and selected abbreviations."
description of business segments. we operate primarily through three business segments: diagnostic and information management-based products and services for the companion animal veterinary industry, which we refer to as the companion animal group ("cag"); water quality products ("water"); and diagnostic products and services for livestock and poultry health and to ensure the quality and safety of milk and improve producer efficiency, which we refer to as livestock, poultry and dairy ("lpd"). our other operating segment combines and presents our human medical diagnostic products and services business ("opti medical") with our out-licensing arrangements because they do not meet the quantitative or qualitative thresholds for reportable segments. refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 3. revenue recognition and note 17. segment reporting" to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2022, included in this annual report on form 10-k for financial information about our segments, including our product and service categories, and our geographic areas.
the following is a discussion of the strategic and operating factors that we believe have the most significant effect on the performance of our business.
companion animal group our strategy is to provide veterinarians with the highest quality diagnostic information, software products and services, and medical evidence to support more advanced medical care and information management solutions that help demonstrate the value of diagnostics to pet owners and enable efficient and effective practice management. by doing so, we are able to build a mutually successful relationship with our veterinarian customers based on healthy pets, loyal customers, staff efficiency, and expanding practice revenues.
cag diagnostics. we provide diagnostic capabilities that meet veterinarians' diverse needs through a variety of modalities including in-clinic diagnostic solutions and outside reference laboratory services. veterinarians that utilize our full line of diagnostic modalities obtain a single view of a patient's diagnostic results, which allows them to track and evaluate trends and achieve greater medical insight.
our diagnostic capabilities generate both recurring and non-recurring revenues. revenues related to capital placements of our in-clinic idexx vetlab suite of instruments and our snap pro analyzer are non-recurring in nature in that they are sold to a particular customer only once. revenues from the associated idexx vetlab consumables, snap rapid assay test kits, reference laboratory and consulting services, and extended maintenance agreements and accessories related to our idexx vetlab instruments and our snap pro analyzer are recurring in nature, in that they are regularly purchased by our customers, typically as they perform diagnostic testing as part of ongoing veterinary care services. our recurring revenues, most prominently idexx vetlab consumables and rapid assay test kits, have significantly higher gross margins than those provided by our instrument sales. therefore, the mix of recurring and non-recurring revenues in a particular period will impact our gross margins.
diagnostic capital revenue. revenues related to the placement of the idexx vetlab suite of instruments are non-recurring in nature, in that the customer will buy an instrument once over its respective product life cycle, but will purchase consumables for that instrument on a recurring basis as they use that instrument for testing purposes. during the early stage of an instrument's life cycle, we derive relatively greater revenues from instrument placements, while consumable sales become relatively more significant in later stages as the installed base of instruments increases and instrument placement revenues begin to decline. in the early stage of an instrument's life cycle, placements are made primarily through sales transactions. as the demand for the product matures, an increasing percentage of placements are made in transactions, sometimes referred to as volume commitments, such as our idexx 360 program, or reagent rentals, in which instruments are placed at customer sites at little or no cost in exchange for a multi-year customer commitment to purchase recurring products and services.
below is a table showing active installed base units of our premium diagnostic instruments as of the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020:
(units in thousands)                                                                                         installed base instrument                              december 31, 2022                december 31, 2021                december 31, 2020
catalyst                                             63.1                             56.6                     49.7
premium hematology                                   43.1                             38.2                     34.6
sedivue                                              15.6                             13.2                     10.7
our long-term success in the continuing growth of our cag recurring diagnostic product and services is dependent upon: growing volumes at existing customers by increasing their utilization of existing and new test offerings, acquiring new customers, maintaining high customer loyalty and retention, and realizing modest annual price increases based on our differentiated products and the growing value of our diagnostic offering. we continuously seek opportunities to enhance the care that veterinary professionals give to their patients and clients through supporting the implementation of real-time care testing workflows, which is performing tests and sharing test results with the client at the time of the patient visit. our latest generation of chemistry, hematology, and urinalysis instruments demonstrates this commitment by offering enhanced ease of use, faster time to results, broader test menu and connectivity to various information technology platforms that enhance the value of the diagnostic information generated by the instruments. in addition, we provide marketing tools and customer support that help drive efficiencies in veterinary practice processes and allow practices to increase the number of clients they see on a daily basis.
with all of our instrument product lines, we seek to differentiate our products from our competitors' products based on time-to-result, ease-of-use, throughput, breadth of diagnostic menu, flexibility of menu selection, accuracy, reliability, ability to handle compromised samples, analytical capability of diagnostics software, integration with the ivls and vetconnect plus, client communications capabilities, education and training, and superior sales and customer service. our success depends, in part, on our ability to differentiate our products in a way that justifies a premium price.
recurring diagnostic revenue. revenues from our idexx vetlab consumable products, our snap rapid assay test kits, outside reference laboratory and consulting services, and extended maintenance agreements and accessories related to our cag diagnostics instruments are considered recurring in nature. for the year ended december 31, 2022, recurring diagnostic revenue, which is both highly durable and profitable, accounted for approximately 79% of our consolidated revenue.
our in-clinic diagnostic solutions, consisting of our idexx vetlab consumable products and snap rapid assay test kits, provide real-time reference lab quality diagnostic results for a variety of companion animal diseases and health conditions. our outside reference laboratories provide veterinarians with the benefits of a more comprehensive list of diagnostic tests and access to consultations with board-certified veterinary specialists and pathologists, combined with the benefit of same-day or next-day turnaround times.
we derive substantial revenues and margins from the sale of consumables that are used in idexx vetlab instruments, and the multi-year consumable revenue stream is significantly more valuable than the placement of the instrument. our strategy is to increase diagnostic testing within veterinary practices by placing idexx vetlab instruments and increasing instrument utilization of consumables. utilization can increase due to a greater number of patient samples being run or to an increase in the number of tests being run per patient sample. our strategy is to increase both drivers. to increase utilization, we seek to educate veterinarians about best medical practices that emphasize the importance of chemistry, hematology, and urinalysis testing for a variety of diagnostic purposes, as well as by introducing new testing capabilities that were previously not available to veterinarians.
our in-clinic diagnostic solutions also include snap rapid assay tests that address important medical needs for particular diseases prevalent in the companion animal population. we seek to differentiate these tests from those of other in-clinic test providers and reference laboratory diagnostic service providers based on critically important sensitivity and specificity, as demonstrated by peer-reviewed third-party research, as well as overall superior performance and ease of use by providing our customers with combination tests that test a single sample for up to six diseases at once, including the ability to utilize our snap pro analyzer. we further augment our product development and customer service efforts with sales and marketing programs that enhance medical awareness and understanding regarding certain diseases and the importance of diagnostic testing.
the prevalence of in-clinic testing, as opposed to outside reference laboratories such as idexx reference laboratories, may vary by region. we attempt to differentiate our reference laboratory testing services from those of competitive reference laboratories and competitive in-clinic offerings primarily on the basis of a differentiated test menu, technology employed, quality, turnaround time, customer service and tools such as vetconnect plus that demonstrate the complementary manner in which our laboratory services work with our in-clinic offerings.
profitability in our lab business is supported, in part, by our expanding business scale globally. profit improvements also reflect benefits from price increases and our ability to achieve operational efficiencies. when possible, we utilize core reference laboratories to service samples from other states or countries, expanding our customer reach without an associated expansion in our reference laboratory footprint. new laboratories may operate at a loss until testing volumes achieve sufficient scale. acquired laboratories frequently operate less profitably than our existing laboratories and acquired laboratories may not achieve the profitability of our existing laboratory network for several years until we complete the implementation of operating improvements and efficiencies. therefore, in the short term, new and acquired reference laboratories generally may have a negative effect on our operating margin.
recurring reference lab revenue growth is achieved both through increased testing volumes with existing customers and through the acquisition of new customers, net of customer losses. we believe the increased number of customer visits by our sales professionals as a result of the growth in our field sales organization has led to increased reference laboratory opportunities with customers who already use one of our in-clinic diagnostic modalities. in recent years, recurring reference laboratory diagnostic and consulting revenues have also been increased through reference laboratory acquisitions, customer list acquisitions, the opening of new reference laboratories, including laboratories that are co-located with large practice customers, and as a result of our up-front customer loyalty programs and our volume commitment programs. our up-front customer loyalty programs are associated with customer acquisitions and retention and provide incentives to customers in the form of cash payments or idexx points upon entering multi-year contractual agreements to purchase annual minimum amounts of products or services, including reference laboratory services. our volume commitment programs, such as idexx 360, provide customers with a free or discounted instrument or system upon entering into multi-year agreements to purchase annual minimum amounts of products and services.
veterinary software, services and diagnostic imaging systems. our portfolio of practice management offerings is designed to serve the full range of customers primarily within the north american, australian, new zealand, and european regions. cornerstone, ezyvet, animana, idexx neo, and dvmax practice management systems provide superior integrated information solutions, backed by exceptional customer support and education. these practice management systems allow the veterinarian to practice better medicine and achieve the practice's business objectives, including a quality client experience, staff efficiency and practice effectiveness and profitability. we market cornerstone, ezyvet, idexx neo, and dvmax practice management systems to customers primarily in north america, australia, and new zealand. we market our animana offering to customers primarily throughout europe.
animana, ezyvet, and idexx neo practice management systems are subscription-based saas offerings designed to provide flexible pricing and a durable, recurring revenue stream, while utilizing cloud technology instead of a client server platform. while we continue to support our licensed-based cornerstone and dvmax software, we are growing our installed base of subscription-based practice management offerings for new customers of idexx practice management systems. we believe that once established, this subscription-based model will provide higher profitability as compared to the historical license-based placements. our cornerstone and dvmax customer base continues to be an important driver of growth through enhanced diagnostic integrations and high value add-on subscription services, such as pet health network pro, petly plans, and credit card processing, and we continue to make investments to enhance the customer experience of all of our license-based software offerings. we also offer rvetlink, a comprehensive referral management solution for specialty care hospitals that streamlines the referral process between primary care and specialty care veterinarians. rvetlink's cloud technology integrates with major specialty hospital management systems, including cornerstone software and dvmax software.
we differentiate our practice management systems through enhanced functionality, ease of use, and embedded integration with in-clinic idexx vetlab instruments and outside reference laboratory test results. our client communication services create more meaningful pet owner experiences through personalized communication. with our smartflow and vet radar cloud technology, we are able to improve overall patient management through coordination and tracking of every step in a patient workflow. pet health network pro online client communication and education service complements the entire idexx product offering by educating pet owners and building loyalty through engaging the pet owner before, during and after the visit, thereby building client loyalty and driving more patient visits.
our diagnostic imaging systems offer a convenient radiographic solution that provides superior image quality and the ability to share images with clients virtually anywhere. idexx imaging software enables enhanced diagnostic features and streamlined integration with our other products and services. our digital radiography systems, enables low-dose radiation image capture without sacrificing clear, high-quality diagnostic images, reducing the risk posed by excess radiation exposure for veterinary professionals. placements of imaging systems are important to the growth of revenue streams that are recurring in nature, including extended maintenance agreements and idexx web pacs, which is our cloud-based saas offering for viewing, accessing, storing, and sharing multi-modality diagnostic images. we derive relatively higher margins from our subscription-based products. idexx web pacs is integrated with cornerstone, ezyvet, idexx neo, dvmax, and idexx vetconnect plus to provide centralized access to diagnostic imaging results alongside patient diagnostic results from any internet connected device.
water our strategy in the water testing business is to develop, manufacture, market and sell products that test primarily for the presence of microbial contamination in water matrices, including drinking water supplies, with superior performance, supported by exceptional customer service. our customers primarily consist of water utilities, government laboratories and private certified laboratories that highly value strong relationships and customer support. we expect that future growth in this business will be partially dependent on our ability to increase international sales. growth also will be dependent on our ability to enhance and broaden our product line. most water microbiological testing is driven by regulation, and, in many countries, a test may not be used for compliance testing unless it has been approved by the applicable regulatory body and integrated into customers' testing protocols. as a result, we maintain an active regulatory program that involves applying for a growing number of regulatory approvals in a number of countries, primarily in europe. further, we seek to receive regulatory approvals from governing agencies as a means to differentiate our products from the competition.
livestock, poultry and dairy we develop, manufacture, market, and sell a broad range of tests and perform services for various livestock diseases and conditions, and have active research and development and in-licensing programs in this area. our strategy is to offer differentiated tests with superior performance characteristics for use in government programs to control or eradicate disease and disease outbreaks and in livestock and poultry producers' disease, reproductive, and herd health and production management programs. our alertys ruminant pregnancy test, rapid visual pregnancy test and alertys on-farm pregnancy test for cattle can detect pregnancy 28 days after breeding. these tests provide a quick and accurate identifier using whole blood samples.
disease outbreaks are episodic and unpredictable, and certain diseases that are prevalent at one time may be substantially contained or eradicated at a later time. in response to outbreaks, testing initiatives may lead to exceptional demand for certain products in certain periods. conversely, successful eradication programs may result in significantly decreased demand for certain products. in addition, increases in government funding may lead to increased demand for certain products and budgetary constraints may lead to decreased demand for certain products. as result, the performance in certain sectors of this business can fluctuate.
our strategy in the dairy testing business is to develop, manufacture and sell antibiotic residue and contaminant testing products that satisfy applicable regulatory requirements or dairy processor standards for testing of milk and provide reliable field performance. the manufacture of these testing products leverages the snap platform and production assets that also support our rapid assay business, which also leverages the snap platform. the dairy snap products incorporate customized reagents for antibiotic and contaminant detection.
other opti medical. our strategy in the opti medical business for the human market is to develop, manufacture, and sell electrolyte and blood gas analyzers, and related consumable products for the medical point-of-care diagnostics sector worldwide, with a focus on small to mid-sized hospitals. we seek to differentiate our products based on ease of use, convenience, international distribution and service and instrument reliability. similar to our veterinary instruments and consumables strategy, a substantial portion of the revenues from this product line is derived from the sale of consumables for use on the installed base of electrolyte and blood gas analyzers. during the early stage of an instrument's life cycle, relatively greater revenues are derived from instrument placements, while consumable sales become relatively more significant in later stages as the installed base of instruments increases and instrument placement revenues begin to decline. our long-term success in this area of our business is dependent upon new customer acquisition, customer retention and increased customer utilization of existing and new assays introduced on these instruments.
during 2020, we introduced the opti sars-cov-2 rt-pcr test kit for human covid-19 testing. a significant portion of the 2021 growth in our opti medical business was from revenue generated from the test kits and related laboratory services. the amount of revenue from this product decreased in 2022, with less demand for testing. we expect revenues from covid-19 related testing products and services to be inconsequential in 2023.
our facility in roswell, georgia develops and manufactures the opti product lines using the same or similar technology to support the electrolyte requirements of certain cag products. we leverage this facility's know-how, intellectual property, and manufacturing capability to continue to expand the menu and instrument capability of the vetstat and catalyst platforms for veterinary applications, while reducing our cost of consumables by leveraging experience and economies of scale.
critical accounting estimates and assumptions the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates. refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 2. summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for a description of the significant accounting policies used in preparation of these consolidated financial statements.
we believe the following critical accounting estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on reported financial condition and operating performance and involve significant levels of judgment to account for highly uncertain matters or are susceptible to significant change.
revenue recognition refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 3. revenue recognition" to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2022, included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about our revenue recognition policy and criteria for recognizing revenue.
we enter into contracts where customers purchase combinations of idexx products and services. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately requires judgment. we determine the transaction price for a contract based on the total consideration we expect to receive in exchange for the transferred goods or services. to the extent the transaction price includes variable consideration, such as volume rebates or expected price adjustments, we apply judgment in constraining the estimated variable consideration due to factors that may cause reversal of revenue recognized. we evaluate constraints based on our historical and projected experience with similar customer contracts.
we allocate revenue to each performance obligation in proportion to the relative standalone selling prices and recognize revenue when control of the related goods or services is transferred for each obligation. we utilize the observable standalone selling price when available, which represents the price charged for the promised product or service when sold separately. when standalone selling prices for our products or services are not directly observable, we determine the standalone selling prices using relevant information available and apply suitable estimation methods including, but not limited to, the cost plus a margin approach.
our up-front loyalty programs provide customers with incentives in the form of cash payments or idexx points upon entering into multi-year agreements to purchase annual minimum amounts of future products or services. if a customer breaches their agreement, they are required to refund all or a portion of the up-front cash or idexx points, or make other repayments, remedial actions, or both. up-front incentives to customers in the form of cash or idexx points are not made in exchange for distinct goods or services and are capitalized as customer acquisition costs within other current and long-term assets, which are subsequently recognized as a reduction to revenue over the term of the customer agreement. if these up-front incentives are subsequently utilized to purchase instruments, we allocate total consideration, including future committed purchases less up-front incentives and estimates of expected price adjustments, based on relative standalone selling prices to identified performance obligations and recognize instrument revenue and cost at the time of installation and customer acceptance. we estimate, based on historical experience, and apply judgment to predict the amounts of future customer purchases and expected price adjustments related to these multi-year agreements. differences between estimated and actual customer purchases may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition during the term of the customer contract, and a 10% change in these estimates would have increased or reduced deferred revenue and cumulative revenue related to these programs by approximately $1.1 million at december 31, 2022.
our volume commitment programs, such as our idexx 360 program, provide customers with free or discounted instruments or systems upon entering into multi-year agreements to purchase annual minimum amounts of products and services. we allocate total consideration, including future committed purchases and expected price adjustments, based on relative standalone selling prices to identified performance obligations and recognize instrument revenue and cost at the time of installation and customer acceptance in advance of billing the customer, which is also when the customer obtains control of the instrument based on legal title transfer. our right to future consideration related to instrument revenue is recorded as a contract asset within other current and long-term assets. the contract asset is transferred to accounts receivable when customers are billed for products and services over the term of the contract. we estimate, based on historical experience, and apply judgment to predict the amounts of future customer purchases and expected price adjustments related to these multi-year agreements. differences between estimated and actual customer purchases may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition during the term of the customer contract, and a 10% change in these estimates would have increased or reduced contract assets and cumulative revenue related to these programs by approximately $4.3 million at december 31, 2022.
our instrument rebate programs require an instrument purchase and provide customers the opportunity to earn future rebates based on the volume of products and services they purchase over the term of the program. we account for the customer's right to earn rebates on future purchases as a separate performance obligation and determine the standalone selling price based on an estimate of rebates the customer will earn over the term of the program. total consideration allocated to identified performance obligations is limited to goods and services that the customer is presently obligated to purchase and does not include estimates of future purchases that are optional. we allocate total consideration to identified performance obligations, including the customer's right to earn rebates on future purchases, which is deferred and subsequently recognized upon the purchase of products and services, partly offsetting rebates as they are earned. we estimate, based on historical experience, and apply judgment to predict the amounts of future customer rebates related to these multi-year agreements. differences between estimated and actual customer rebates may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition during the term of the customer contract, and a 10% change in these estimates would have increased or reduced deferred revenue and cumulative revenue related to these programs by approximately $2.8 million at december 31, 2022.
future market conditions and changes in product offerings may cause us to change marketing strategies to increase or decrease customer incentive offerings, possibly resulting in incremental reductions of revenue in future periods as compared to reductions in the current or prior periods. additionally, certain customer programs require us to estimate, based on historical experience, and apply judgment to predict the amounts of future customer purchases, customer rebates and other incentive payments, and price adjustments related to multi-year agreements. differences between estimated and actual customer purchases may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition as described above.
valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets a significant portion of the purchase price for acquired businesses is generally assigned to intangible assets. intangible assets other than goodwill are initially valued at fair value. if a quoted price in an active market for the identical asset is not readily available at the measurement date, the fair value of the intangible asset is estimated based on discounted cash flows using market participant assumptions, which are assumptions that are not specific to idexx. the selection of appropriate valuation methodologies and the estimation of discounted cash flows require significant assumptions about the timing and amounts of future cash flows, risks, appropriate discount rates, and the useful lives of intangible assets. when significant, we typically utilize independent valuation experts to advise and assist us in determining the fair values of the identified intangible assets acquired in connection with a business acquisition and in determining appropriate amortization methods and periods for those intangible assets. goodwill is initially valued based on the excess of the purchase price of a business combination over the fair value of acquired net assets recognized and represents the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be separately identified and recognized.
we assess goodwill for impairment annually, at the reporting unit level, in the fourth quarter and whenever events or circumstances indicate impairment may exist. an impairment charge is recorded for the amount, if any, by which the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. our reporting units are the individual product and service categories that comprise our cag operating segment, our water and lpd operating segments and goodwill remaining from the restructuring of our pharmaceutical business in the fourth quarter of 2008. a substantial portion of the goodwill remaining from the pharmaceutical business, included in our "other segment," is associated with intellectual property that has been, or may be, licensed to third parties. realization of this goodwill is dependent upon the success of those third parties in developing and commercializing products, which will result in our receipt of royalties and other payments.
as part of our goodwill testing process, we evaluate factors specific to a reporting unit as well as industry and macroeconomic factors that are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the fair value of a reporting unit. examples of the factors considered in assessing the fair value of a reporting unit include: the results of the most recent impairment test; the competitive environment; the regulatory environment; the effects natural disasters; anticipated changes in product, supply chain, or labor costs; revenue and profitability trends and expectations; the consistency of cash flows; and current and long-range financial forecasts. the long-range financial forecasts of the reporting units, which are based upon management's long-term view of our markets, are used by senior management and the board of directors to evaluate operating performance.
in the fourth quarter of 2022, we performed a qualitative assessment of goodwill impairment for all of our reporting units, except for pharmaceutical activities, and concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of any of those reporting units is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. we maintain approximately $6.5 million of goodwill associated with pharmaceutical activities, which comprises pharmaceutical intellectual property, out-licensing arrangements, and certain retained drug delivery technologies from which we earn royalty revenue. for our pharmaceutical activities, we performed a quantitative assessment and concluded that the estimated fair value approximates the carrying amount of the reporting unit. we estimated the fair value of the pharmaceutical activities using an income approach based on discounted forecasted cash flows, making assumptions about future cash flows and discount rates. these is no guarantee that we will be able to maintain revenues from our remaining pharmaceutical activities. no goodwill impairments were identified during the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.
a prolonged economic downturn in the u.s. or internationally resulting in lower long-term growth rates and reduced long-term profitability may reduce the fair value of our reporting units. industry specific events or circumstances could have a negative impact on our reporting units and may also reduce the fair value of our reporting units. should such events occur, and it becomes more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value has fallen below its carrying value, we will perform an interim goodwill impairment test, in addition to the annual impairment test. future impairment tests may result in an impairment of goodwill. an impairment of goodwill would be reported as a non-cash charge to earnings.
we also assess the realizability of intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. if an impairment review is triggered, we evaluate the carrying value of intangible assets, other than goodwill, based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows over the remaining useful life of the primary asset of the asset group and compare that value to the carrying value of the asset group. the asset group is the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows associated with the intangible asset are largely independent. the cash flows that are used contain our best estimates, using appropriate and customary assumptions and projections at the time. if the net carrying value of the asset group exceeds the related estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment loss to adjust the intangible asset to its fair value would be reported as a non-cash charge to earnings. if necessary, we would calculate the fair value of an intangible asset using the present value of the estimated future cash flows to be generated by the intangible asset and apply a risk-adjusted discount rate. we had no impairments of our intangible assets during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021. the amount of impairment for the year ended december 31, 2020 was immaterial.
income taxes the provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. under this approach, deferred taxes represent the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between book and tax treatment of assets and liabilities and carryforwards to the extent they are realizable.
we assess our current and projected earnings by jurisdiction to determine whether or not our earnings during the periods when the temporary differences become deductible will be sufficient to realize the related future tax benefits. should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset in a particular jurisdiction in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would be charged to income in the period such determination was made.
for those jurisdictions where tax carryforwards are likely to expire unused or the projected operating results indicate that realization is not more likely than not, a valuation allowance is recorded to offset the deferred tax asset within that jurisdiction. in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event that we determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net recorded amount, a reduction of the valuation allowance would increase income in the period such determination was made. likewise, should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset in the future, a reduction to the deferred tax asset would be charged against income in the period such determination was made.
our net taxable temporary differences and tax carryforwards are recorded using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the periods in which the deferred tax liability or asset is expected to be settled or realized. should the expected applicable tax rates change in the future, an adjustment to our deferred taxes would be credited or charged, as appropriate, to income in the period such determination was made.
we periodically assess our exposures related to our worldwide provision for income taxes and believe that we have appropriately accrued taxes for contingencies. any reduction of these contingent liabilities or additional assessment would increase or decrease income, respectively, in the period such determination was made.
we record a liability for uncertain tax positions that do not meet the more likely than not standard as prescribed by the authoritative guidance for income tax accounting. we record tax benefits for only those positions that we believe will more likely than not be sustained. for positions that we believe that it is more likely than not that we will prevail, we record a benefit considering the amounts and probabilities that could be realized upon ultimate settlement. if our judgment as to the likely resolution of the uncertainty changes, if the uncertainty is ultimately settled or if the statute of limitation related to the uncertainty expires, the effects of the change would be recognized in the period in which the change, resolution or expiration occurs. our net liability for uncertain tax positions was $25.8 million as of december 31, 2022, and $25.5 million as of december 31, 2021, which includes estimated interest expense and penalties. refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 14. income taxes" in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
recent accounting pronouncements refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 2. summary of significant accounting policies (v) and (w)" to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2022, included in this annual report on form 10-k for a complete discussion of recent accounting pronouncements adopted and not adopted.
results of operations and trends effects of certain factors on results of operations cag trends. global trends in companion animal healthcare, including growth in demand for clinical services, continue to support solid growth for companion animal diagnostic products and services across regions. in the u.s., average diagnostics revenue per practice grew 6.9% on a same-store basis during 2022, faster than 5.1% growth in overall clinic revenues. u.s. same-store clinical visits at veterinary practices declined 2.3% in 2022, reflecting impacts this year from reductions in veterinary clinic capacity levels and comparison to high prior-year visit levels. growth for pet healthcare including diagnostics remains elevated compared to pre-pandemic levels reflecting compound annual growth of 2.9% in clinical visits and 11.2% in same-store diagnostics revenues for the u.s. compared to 2019.
supply chain and logistics challenges. we believe that building and maintaining a well-managed and disciplined infrastructure have helped minimize impacts of the current supply chain constraints, including product and component availability issues, logistics challenges, including extended shipping periods and delays, and inflationary pressures that are currently occurring worldwide. our proactive approach to managing our operational processes, including forward planning with a focus on working closely with our suppliers and logistics partners, has enabled us to maintain continued high levels of product and service availability and customer service. we continue to monitor these supply chain and logistics challenges, including potential fuel rationing and shortages, and have implemented mitigation strategies to adjust for, among other things, delayed shipments of products and components. although we expect these challenges to continue during 2023, we believe we are well-positioned to enable sustained high growth in our businesses going forward and to effectively manage the impacts of potentially relatively higher costs in certain areas to support these growth plans. however, there can be no assurance as to the duration or severity of the supply chain and logistics challenges or the effectiveness of our mitigating activities.
war in ukraine / russia operations. our operations in the russia, belarus, and ukraine region are limited, with no manufacturing or significant supply arrangements. after significantly scaling back our operations in russia in the first quarter of 2022, including suspending sales of veterinary diagnostic equipment; promotional, marketing, and hiring activities; and new business development and related investments, we decided in june 2022 to wind down and liquidate our sole russian subsidiary, as well as our direct russian operations, which consisted of marketing and selling diagnostic products for veterinary clinics in russia. we anticipate that only a limited number of our products, which are important for human or animal healthcare, will continue to be sold in russia pursuant to ongoing third-party distribution agreements. some of our products are also sold in belarus pursuant to ongoing third-party distribution agreements. historical revenues from the russia, belarus, and ukraine region have been less than 1% of our total consolidated revenue.
distributor purchasing and inventories. when selling our products through distributors, changes in distributors' inventory levels can impact our reported sales, and these changes may be affected by many factors, which may not be directly related to underlying demand for our products by veterinary practices, which are the end users. if during the current year, distributors' inventories grew by less than those inventories grew in the comparable period of the prior year, then changes in distributors' inventories would have an unfavorable impact on our reported sales growth in the current period. conversely, if during the current year, distributors' inventories grew by more than those inventories grew in the comparable period of the prior year, then changes in distributors' inventories would have a favorable impact on our reported sales growth in the current period.
in certain countries, we sell our products through third-party distributors and may be unable to obtain data for sales to end users. we do not believe the impact of changes in these distributors' inventories had or would have a material impact on our growth rates. refer to "part i, item 1. business, marketing and distribution" included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding distribution channels.
currency impact. for the year ended december 31, 2022, approximately 21% of our consolidated revenue was derived from products manufactured or sourced in u.s. dollars and sold internationally in local currencies, as compared to 23% for the year ended december 31, 2021 and 21% for the year ended december 31, 2020. strengthening of the rate of exchange for the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies has a negative impact on our revenues derived in currencies other than the u.s. dollar and on profits of products manufactured or purchased in u.s. dollars and sold internationally, and a weakening of the u.s. dollar has the opposite effect. similarly, to the extent that the u.s. dollar is stronger in current or future periods relative to the exchange rates in effect in the corresponding prior periods, our growth rate will be negatively affected. the impact of foreign currency denominated operating expenses and foreign currency denominated supply contracts partly offsets this exposure. additionally, our designated hedges of intercompany inventory purchases and sales help delay the impact of certain exchange rate fluctuations on non-u.s. denominated revenues. refer to "part ii, item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding currency impact. our future income tax expense could also be affected by changes in the mix of earnings, including as a result of changes in the rate of exchange for the u.s. dollar relative to currencies in countries with differing statutory tax rates. refer to "part i, item 1a. risk factors" included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding tax impacts.
effects of economic conditions. demand for our products and services is vulnerable to changes in the economic environment, including slow economic growth, high unemployment, and credit availability. negative or cautious consumer sentiment can lead to reduced or delayed consumer spending, resulting in a decreased number of patient visits to veterinary clinics. unfavorable economic conditions can impact sales of instruments, diagnostic imaging, and practice management systems, which are larger capital purchases for veterinarians. additionally, economic turmoil, fears of a global economic downturn or recession, and inflationary pressure can cause our customers to remain sensitive to the pricing of our products and services. in the u.s., we monitor patient visits and clinic revenue data provided by a subset of our cag customers. although this data is a limited sample and susceptible to short-term impacts such as weather, which may affect the number of patient visits in a given period, we believe that this data provides a fair and meaningful long-term representation of the trend in patient visit activity in the u.s., providing us insight regarding demand for our products and services.
economic conditions can also affect the purchasing decisions of our water and lpd business customers. water testing volumes may be susceptible to declines in discretionary testing for existing home and commercial sales and in mandated testing as a result of decreases in home and commercial construction. testing volumes may also be impacted by severe weather conditions such as drought. in addition, fiscal difficulties can also reduce government funding for water and herd health screening services.
we believe that the diversity of our products and services and the geographic diversity of our customers partially mitigate the potential effects of the economic environment and negative consumer sentiment on our revenue growth rates.
effects of patent expiration. although we have several patents and licenses of patents and technologies from third parties that expired during 2022, and several that are expected to expire in 2023 and beyond, the expiration of these patents or licenses, individually or in the aggregate, is not expected to have a material effect on our financial position or future operations due to a range of factors as described in "part i, item 1. business, patents and licenses."
non-gaap financial measures. the following revenue analysis and discussion focuses on organic revenue growth, and references in this analysis and discussion to "revenue," "revenues" or "revenue growth" are references to "organic revenue growth." organic revenue growth is a non-gaap financial measure and represents the percentage change in revenue during the current year, as compared to the same period for the prior year, net of the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, certain business acquisitions, and divestitures. organic revenue growth should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for, or as a superior measure to, revenues reported in accordance with u.s. gaap, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. management believes that reporting organic revenue growth provides useful information to investors by facilitating easier comparisons of our revenue performance with prior and future periods and to the performance of our peers.
we exclude from organic revenue growth the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates because changes in foreign currency exchange rates are not under management's control, are subject to volatility and can obscure underlying business trends. we calculate the impact on revenue resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates by applying the difference between the weighted average exchange rates during the current year period and the comparable prior year period to foreign currency denominated revenues for the prior year period.
we also exclude from organic revenue growth the effect of certain business acquisitions and divestitures because the nature, size and number of these transactions can vary dramatically from period to period, and because they either require or generate cash as an inherent consequence of the transaction, and therefore can also obscure underlying business and operating trends. we consider acquisitions to be a business when all three elements of inputs, processes and outputs are present, consistent with asu 2017-01, "business combinations: (topic 805) clarifying the definition of a business." in a business combination, if substantially all the fair value of the assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets, we do not consider these assets to be a business. a typical acquisition that we do not consider a business is a customer list asset acquisition, which does not have all elements necessary to operate a business, such as employees or infrastructure. we believe the efforts required to convert and retain these acquired customers are similar in nature to our existing customer base and therefore are included in organic revenue growth.
we also use adjusted ebitda, gross debt, net debt, gross debt to adjusted ebitda ratio and net debt to adjusted ebitda ratio, all of which are non-gaap financial measures that should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for, financial measures presented according to u.s. gaap. management believes that reporting these non-gaap financial measures provides supplemental analysis to help investors further evaluate our business performance and available borrowing capacity under our credit facility.
comparisons to prior periods. our fiscal years end on december 31. unless otherwise stated, the analysis and discussion of our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, including references to growth and organic growth and increases and decreases, are being compared to the equivalent prior year period.
twelve months ended december 31, 2022, compared to twelve months ended december 31, 2021
total company the following table presents revenue by operating segment by u.s. and non-u.s., or international geographies:
for the years ended december 31, net revenue (dollars in thousands)        2022                           2021                                         dollar change                  reported revenue growth (1)                 percentage change from currency                percentage change from acquisitions                organic revenue growth (1)
cag                                                   $3,058,793                              $2,889,960            $168,833                                     5.8           %                               (3.3           %)                                  0.7             %                            8.4          %
united states                                          2,073,222                               1,881,887             191,335                                    10.2           %                                  -                                               0.9             %                            9.3          %
international                                            985,571                               1,008,073            (22,502)                                    (2.2          %)                               (9.2           %)                                  0.3             %                            6.7          %
water                                                   $155,720                                $146,505              $9,215                                     6.3           %                               (4.0           %)                                  0.5             %                            9.7          %
united states                                             76,875                                  70,654               6,221                                     8.8           %                                  -                                                 -                                          8.8          %
international                                             78,845                                  75,851               2,994                                     3.9           %                               (7.8           %)                                  1.1             %                           10.6          %
lpd                                                     $122,607                                $135,887           $(13,280)                                    (9.8          %)                               (5.8           %)                                    -                                         (4.0         %)
united states                                             16,633                                  15,626               1,007                                     6.4           %                                  -                                                 -                                          6.4          %
international                                            105,974                                 120,261            (14,287)                                   (11.9          %)                               (6.4           %)                                    -                                         (5.4         %)
other                                                    $30,204                                 $43,008           $(12,804)                                   (29.8          %)   0.2                                         %                                    -                                        (30.0         %)
total company                                         $3,367,324                              $3,215,360            $151,964                                     4.7           %                               (3.4           %)                                  0.7             %                            7.4          %
united states                                          2,182,959                               1,995,683             187,276                                     9.4           %                                  -                                               0.8             %                            8.5          %
international                                          1,184,365                               1,219,677            (35,312)                                    (2.9          %)                               (8.7           %)                                  0.3             %                            5.5          %
(1)reported revenue growth and organic revenue growth may not recalculate due to rounding.
total company revenue. the increase in organic revenue reflects higher realized prices and continued demand for companion animal diagnostics globally, supported by higher cag diagnostics recurring revenue, primarily in the u.s. increases in our subscription-based veterinary software and diagnostic imaging services also contributed to higher revenue for the year. the higher revenue in our water business was primarily due to the benefit of price increases and higher testing volumes. the decline in our lpd business was primarily due to lower demand in the first half of the year for swine testing in china, compared to high prior year levels. the decrease in other revenue reflects lower sales of opti covid-19 pcr testing products. the impact of currency movements decreased total revenue growth by 3.4%, while the impact of acquisitions increased total revenue growth by 0.7%.
the following table presents our total company results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                        change total company - results of operations(dollars in thousands)       2022                                           percent of revenue                            2021                     percent of revenue             amount                 percentage revenues                                                                      $3,367,324                                                             $3,215,360                                                 $151,964                       4.7     %
cost of revenue                                                                1,362,986                                                              1,325,928                                                   37,058                       2.8     %
gross profit                                                                   2,004,338                              59.5        %                   1,889,432                              58.8        %       114,906                       6.1     %
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                                                              524,505                              15.6        %                     486,735                              15.1        %        37,770                       7.8     %
general and administrative                                                       326,248                               9.7        %                     309,660                               9.6        %        16,588                       5.4     %
research and development                                                         254,820                               7.6        %                     161,009                               5.0        %        93,811                      58.3     %
total operating expenses                                                       1,105,573                              32.8        %                     957,404                              29.8        %       148,169                      15.5     %
income from operations                                                          $898,765                              26.7        %                    $932,028                              29.0        %     $(33,263)                     (3.6)     %
gross profit. gross profit increased due to higher sales volumes and a 70 basis point increase in the gross profit margin. the impact from foreign currency movements increased the gross profit margin by approximately 50 basis points, primarily from the impact of hedge gains in the current year as compared to hedge losses in the prior year. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, the increase in the gross margin was primarily due to net price gains, improved software services gross margins, and the benefit of our reference laboratory productivity initiatives. these increases were partially offset by higher freight and distribution costs; higher service costs, including increases in labor and facility costs; and higher product costs.
operating expenses. sales and marketing expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related and travel costs, including investments in our global commercial capability. general and administrative expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related costs, increase in allowances for doubtful accounts receivable, and increases in amortization and depreciation expense related to business acquisitions and capital investments. general and administrative expense increases were partially offset by a comparative decrease due to acquisition-related costs incurred in the prior year. research and development expense increased primarily due to discrete investments for the acquisition of rights to use certain licensed technology under intellectual property licensing arrangements, project costs, and higher personnel-related costs. the overall change in foreign currency exchange rates resulted in a decrease in operating expenses growth by approximately 2%.
companion animal group the following table presents revenue by product and service category for cag:
for the years ended december 31, net revenue(dollars in thousands)                                    2022                           2021                                         dollar change                  reported revenue growth (1)        percentage change from currency                percentage change from acquisitions                organic revenue growth (1)
cag diagnostics recurring revenue:                                               $2,660,280                              $2,534,562            $125,718                                     5.0           %                      (3.4           %)                                  0.1             %                            8.2          %
idexx vetlab consumables                                                          1,057,236                               1,006,781              50,455                                     5.0           %                      (4.3           %)                                    -                                          9.3          %
rapid assay products                                                                313,667                                 296,852              16,815                                     5.7           %                      (1.7           %)                                    -                                          7.3          %
reference laboratory diagnostic and consulting services                           1,178,113                               1,123,656              54,457                                     4.8           %                      (2.9           %)                                  0.3             %                            7.4          %
cag diagnostics services and accessories                                            111,264                                 107,273               3,991                                     3.7           %                      (4.5           %)                                    -                                          8.2          %
cag diagnostics capital - instruments                                               147,326                                 149,140             (1,814)                                    (1.2          %)                      (4.7           %)                                    -                                          3.5          %
veterinary software, services and diagnostic imaging systems                        251,187                                 206,258              44,929                                    21.8           %                      (1.0           %)                                  7.9             %                           14.9          %
net cag revenue                                                                  $3,058,793                              $2,889,960            $168,833                                     5.8           %                      (3.3           %)                                  0.7             %                            8.4          %
(1)reported revenue growth and organic revenue growth may not recalculate due to rounding.
cag diagnostics recurring revenue. the increase in cag diagnostics recurring revenue was primarily due to higher realized prices and increased volumes in idexx vetlab consumables, reference laboratory diagnostic services, and, to a lesser extent, rapid assay products. the impact of foreign currency movements decreased cag diagnostics recurring revenue growth by 3.4%.
the increase in idexx vetlab consumables revenue was primarily due to higher price realization and higher sales volumes, primarily of our catalyst consumables and, to a lesser extent, procyte consumables. these volume increases were supported by the expansion of our installed base of instruments, our expanded menu of available tests in certain regions, and high customer retention levels. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue growth by 4.3%.
the increase in rapid assay revenue resulted primarily from higher price realization and higher clinic testing levels, primarily from snap 4dx plus. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue growth by 1.7%.
the increase in reference laboratory diagnostic and consulting services revenue was primarily due to higher testing volumes and price realization in our u.s. labs. growth in other regions was primarily due to higher price realization, partially offset by moderately lower international volumes compared to strong prior period demand levels. acquisitions increased revenue growth by 0.3%. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue growth by 2.9%.
cag diagnostics services and accessories revenue growth was primarily a result of the increase in our active installed base of instruments.
cag diagnostics capital - instrument revenue. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue growth by 4.7%. excluding the impact of currency, the growth in instrument revenue was primarily due to higher premium instrument placements, primarily of the procyte one analyzer, to support increased diagnostic testing.
veterinary software, services, and diagnostic imaging systems revenue. the acquired business increased revenue growth by 7.9%. excluding the impact of the acquisition, the increase in veterinary software and services revenue was primarily due to higher realized prices on service offerings and higher subscription-based service revenue supported by the expansion in our active installed base. the increase in our diagnostic imaging systems revenue was primarily due to increases in our active installed base resulting in higher service revenue, as well as higher instrument and equipment placements and higher realized prices.
the following table presents the cag segment results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                        change results of operations            2022                                           percent of revenue                            2021                     percent of revenue             amount                 percentage
(dollars in thousands)
revenues                                     $3,058,793                                                             $2,889,960                                                 $168,833                       5.8     %
cost of revenue                               1,252,216                                                              1,206,156                                                   46,060                       3.8     %
gross profit                                  1,806,577                              59.1        %                   1,683,804                              58.3        %       122,773                       7.3     %
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                             480,655                              15.7        %                     444,694                              15.4        %        35,961                       8.1     %
general and administrative                      288,746                               9.4        %                     274,470                               9.5        %        14,276                       5.2     %
research and development                        236,227                               7.7        %                     140,618                               4.9        %        95,609                      68.0     %
total operating expenses                      1,005,628                              32.9        %                     859,782                              29.8        %       145,846                      17.0     %
income from operations                         $800,949                              26.2        %                    $824,022                              28.5        %     $(23,073)                     (2.8)     %
gross profit. gross profit increased primarily due to higher sales volumes, as well as an 80 basis point increase in the gross profit margin. the increase in the gross profit margin was primarily due to recurring revenue net price gains, improved software services gross margins, and the benefit of our reference laboratory productivity initiatives. these increases were partially offset by higher freight and distribution costs, higher product costs, and higher service costs, including increases in labor and facility costs. the impact from foreign currency movements increased the gross profit margin by approximately 30 basis points, primarily from the impact of hedge gains in the current year as compared to hedge losses in the prior year.
operating expenses. sales and marketing expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related and travel costs, including investments in our global commercial capability. general and administrative expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related costs, increases in amortization and depreciation expense related to business acquisitions and capital investments, and an increase in allowances for doubtful accounts receivable. general and administrative expense increases were partially offset by a comparative decrease due to acquisition-related costs incurred in the prior year. research and development expense increased primarily due to discrete investments for the acquisition of rights to use certain licensed technology under intellectual property licensing arrangements, project costs, and higher personnel-related costs. the overall change in foreign currency exchange rates resulted in a decrease in operating expenses growth by approximately 2%.
water the following table presents the water segment results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                               change results of operations            2022                                         percent of revenue                          2021                     percent of revenue                    amount                 percentage
(dollars in thousands)
revenues                                     $155,720                                                             $146,505                                                          $9,215                       6.3     %
cost of revenue                                45,861                                                               45,561                                                             300                       0.7     %
gross profit                                  109,859                              70.5        %                   100,944                              68.9        %                8,915                       8.8     %
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                            18,564                              11.9        %                    17,814                              12.2        %                  750                       4.2     %
general and administrative                     14,353                               9.2        %                    13,442                               9.2        %                  911                       6.8     %
research and development                        4,423                               2.8        %                     4,244                               2.9        %                  179                       4.2     %
total operating expenses                       37,340                              24.0        %                    35,500                              24.2        %                1,840                       5.2     %
income from operations                        $72,519                              46.6        %                   $65,444                              44.7        %               $7,075                      10.8     %
revenue. the increase in our water business was due to higher realized prices and testing volumes, primarily in our colilert test products and related accessories used in coliform and e. coli testing. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue growth by 4.0%. the impact of an acquisition completed during the third quarter of 2022 increased revenue growth by 0.5%.
gross profit. gross profit for water increased due to higher sales volumes and a 160 basis point increase in the gross profit margin, which reflected a 210 basis point increase due to foreign currency movements, primarily from the impact of hedge gains in the current year compared to hedge losses in the prior year. decreases in the gross profit margin were primarily due to higher product costs and higher distribution and freight costs, partially offset by higher realized prices.
operating expenses. sales and marketing expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related and travel costs. general and administrative expense increased primarily due to higher third-party service costs, including acquisition-related costs, personnel-related costs, and allowances for doubtful accounts receivable. research and development expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related costs. the overall change in foreign currency exchange rates resulted in a decrease in operating expenses growth by approximately 2%.
livestock, poultry and dairy the following table presents the lpd segment results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                                 change results of operations            2022                                         percent of revenue                          2021                     percent of revenue                      amount                 percentage
(dollars in thousands)
revenues                                     $122,607                                                             $135,887                                                         $(13,280)                      (9.8    %)
cost of revenue                                49,606                                                               54,323                                                           (4,717)                      (8.7    %)
gross profit                                   73,001                              59.5        %                    81,564                              60.0        %                (8,563)                     (10.5    %)
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                            23,491                              19.2        %                    21,681                              16.0        %                  1,810                       8.3     %
general and administrative                     17,119                              14.0        %                    17,606                              13.0        %                  (487)                      (2.8    %)
research and development                       12,582                              10.3        %                    13,641                              10.0        %                (1,059)                      (7.8    %)
total operating expenses                       53,192                              43.4        %                    52,928                              39.0        %                    264                       0.5     %
income from operations                        $19,809                              16.2        %                   $28,636                              21.1        %               $(8,827)                     (30.8    %)
revenue. the unfavorable impact of foreign currency movements decreased revenue growth by 5.8%. excluding the impact of foreign currency, the decline in revenue was primarily due to lower demand for diagnostic testing in china. beginning during the second quarter of 2021 and continuing through the first half of 2022, we experienced lower livestock testing volumes in china, as changes in disease management approaches, low pork prices, and changes in government requirements related to the live animal imports and livestock infectious disease programs impacted testing volumes, in comparison to high prior-year demand for african swine fever testing. these declines were moderated during the second half of 2022, with modest volume increases in our swine testing market in china compared to low prior year levels. the decrease in revenue was partially offset by higher herd health screening in other asia pacific markets and higher price gains.
gross profit. the decrease in lpd gross profit was primarily due to lower sales volumes and a 50 basis point decrease in the gross profit margin. the decrease in the gross profit margin is primarily due to higher freight and distribution costs, investments in our bovine laboratory services, the unfavorable overall mix impacts largely from lower african swine fever testing, and higher product costs. the decrease in the gross profit margin was partially offset by the impact from foreign currency movements, which increased the gross profit margin by approximately 360 basis points, primarily from the impact of hedge gains in the current year compared to hedge losses in the prior year.
operating expenses. sales and marketing expense increased primarily due to increases in personnel-related and travel costs. general and administrative decreased primarily due to lower personnel-related costs. research and development expenses decreased primarily due to lower personnel-related costs. the overall change in foreign currency exchange rates resulted in a decrease in operating expenses growth by approximately 4%.
other the following table presents the other results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                                 change results of operations            2022                                       percent of revenue                        2021                     percent of revenue                      amount                 percentage
(dollars in thousands)
revenues                                    $30,204                                                            $43,008                                                         $(12,804)                     (29.8    %)
cost of revenue                              15,303                                                             19,888                                                           (4,585)                     (23.1    %)
gross profit                                 14,901                              49.3        %                  23,120                              53.8        %                (8,219)                     (35.5    %)
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                           1,795                               5.9        %                   2,546                               5.9        %                  (751)                     (29.5    %)
general and administrative                    6,030                              20.0        %                   4,142                               9.6        %                  1,888                      45.6     %
research and development                      1,588                               5.3        %                   2,506                               5.8        %                  (918)                     (36.6    %)
total operating expenses                      9,413                              31.2        %                   9,194                              21.4        %                    219                       2.4     %
income from operations                       $5,488                              18.2        %                 $13,926                              32.4        %               $(8,438)                     (60.6    %)
revenue. the decrease in other revenue was primarily due to lower sales of opti covid-19 pcr testing products and services in the u.s. and, to a lesser extent, lower opti medical consumables revenue internationally. the impact of currency movements increased revenues by 0.2%.
gross profit. gross profit decreased due to lower sales volume and a 450 basis point decrease in the gross profit margin. the decrease in the gross profit margin was primarily due to unfavorable product mix with lower opti medical consumables and higher freight, distribution, and product costs, partially offset by lower service costs associated with lower disease testing services. the overall change in foreign currency exchange rates had an immaterial impact on gross profit.
operating expenses. sales and marketing expense decreased primarily due to lower personnel-related costs. general and administrative expense increased primarily due to higher foreign exchange losses on settlements of foreign currency denominated transactions, as compared to the prior year, as well as higher allowances for doubtful accounts receivable. foreign exchange losses on settlements for all operating segments are reported within our other segment. research and development expense decreased primarily due to lower project costs compared to investments in the development of infectious disease tests during the prior year.
non-operating items interest expense. interest expense was $39.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to $29.8 million for the prior year. the increase in interest expense was primarily the result of higher average debt levels.
our effective income tax rate was 21.0% for the year ended december 31, 2022, and 17.5% for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase in our effective tax rate was primarily driven by decreases in tax benefits related to share-based compensation and higher taxes on international income. our projected effective tax rate for 2023 is approximately 22%. this projected 1% increase in the effective tax rate, over the full year 2022 effective tax rate, is primarily due to lower estimated tax benefits from share-based compensation.
liquidity and capital resources we fund the capital needs of our business through cash on hand, funds generated from operations, proceeds from long-term senior note financings, and amounts available under our credit facility. we generate cash primarily through the payments made by customers for our companion animal veterinary, livestock, poultry, dairy, and water products and services, consulting services, and other various systems and services. our cash disbursements are primarily related to compensation and benefits for our employees, inventory and supplies, taxes, research and development, capital expenditures, rents, occupancy-related charges, interest expense, and business acquisitions. at december 31, 2022, we had $112.5 million of cash and cash equivalents, as compared to $144.5 million on december 31, 2021. working capital, including our credit facility, totaled negative $134.3 million at december 31, 2022, as compared to $192.1 million at december 31, 2021. additionally, at december 31, 2022, we had a remaining borrowing availability of $669.5 million under our $1.25 billion credit facility with $579.0 million outstanding borrowing under the credit facility. the general availability of funds under our credit facility is reduced by $1.5 million for outstanding letters of credit. we believe that, if necessary, we could obtain additional borrowings to fund our growth objectives. we further believe that current cash and cash equivalents, funds generated from operations, and committed borrowing availability will be sufficient to fund our operations, capital purchase requirements, and anticipated growth needs for the next twelve months. we believe that these resources, coupled with our ability, as needed, to obtain additional financing, will also be sufficient to fund our business as currently conducted for the foreseeable future. we may enter into new financing arrangements or refinance or retire existing debt in the future depending on market conditions. should we require more capital in the u.s. than is generated by our operations, for example to fund significant discretionary activities, we could elect to raise capital in the u.s. through the incurrence of debt or equity issuances, which we may not be able to complete on favorable terms or at all. in addition, these alternatives could result in increased interest expense or other dilution of our earnings.
we manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among all of our subsidiaries. our foreign cash and cash equivalents are generally available without restrictions to fund ordinary business operations outside the u.s.
the following table presents cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held domestically, and by our foreign subsidiaries:
for the years ended december 31, cash and cash equivalents(in thousands)                                                                        2022                         2021
u.s.                                                                                                                        $16,112                                $2,632
foreign                                                                                                                      96,434                               141,822
total                                                                                                                      $112,546                              $144,454
total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held in u.s. dollars by our foreign subsidiaries                      $6,647                                $6,245
as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, more than 99% of the cash and cash equivalents held was as bank deposits. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2022, included approximately usd $2.9 million of cash held in countries with currency control restrictions, which limit our ability to transfer funds outside of the country in which they are held. the currency control restricted cash is generally available for use within the country where it is held.
the following table presents additional key information concerning working capital:
for the three months ended december 31,                 september 30,                june 30,                  march 31,                  december 31,
2022                          2022                    2022                       2022                          2021
days sales outstanding (1)                       43.4                          43.4                      43.2                      42.0                         42.4
inventory turns (2)                               1.3                           1.3                       1.5                       1.6                          2.0
(1) days sales outstanding represents the average of the accounts receivable balances at the beginning and end of each quarter divided by revenue for that quarter, the result of which is then multiplied by 91.25 days.
(2) inventory turns represent inventory-related cost of product revenue for the 12 months preceding each quarter-end divided by the average inventory balances at the beginning and end of each quarter.
the decrease in inventory turns over the current year was a result of larger inventory on-hand, as we have increased inventory to support demand and product availability, as well as new product launches.
sources and uses of cash the following table presents cash provided (used):
(in thousands)                                                                                                           for the years ended december 31,
2022                        2021                                                      dollar change net cash provided by operating activities                         $542,984                            $755,546                          $(212,562)
net cash used by investing activities                            (195,350)                           (292,967)                              97,617
net cash used by financing activities                            (370,936)                           (697,414)                             326,478
net effect of changes in exchange rates on cash                    (8,606)                             (4,639)                             (3,967)
net change in cash and cash equivalents                          $(31,908)                          $(239,474)                            $207,566
operating activities. the decrease in cash provided by operating activities of $212.6 million during 2022 as compared to 2021, was primarily due to the lower net income and changes in other assets and liabilities. during 2022, we entered into two discrete arrangements to license intellectual property for which we paid $65 million which was charged to research and development expense. we also had an increase in taxes paid during 2022, primarily due to changes imposed by the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, including the relevant provision that requires u.s. research and development expenditures incurred after january 1, 2022, to be capitalized and amortized over a five-year period.
the following table presents cash flows (used) provided from changes in operating assets and liabilities:
(in thousands)                                                                                                                                     for the years ended december 31,
2022                          2021                                               dollar change accounts receivable                                                                        $(41,398)                           $(33,141)                       $(8,257)
inventories                                                                                (121,731)                            (52,919)                       (68,812)
accounts payable                                                                               3,467                              11,233                       (7,766)
deferred revenue                                                                            (11,019)                             (7,551)                       (3,468)
other assets and liabilities                                                               (102,849)                            (55,145)                       (47,704)
total change in cash due to changes in operating assets and liabilities                   $(273,530)                          $(137,523)                       $(136,007)
cash used due to changes in operating assets and liabilities during the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in the prior year, increased approximately $136.0 million. cash used for inventory in the current period, as compared to the prior period, was higher primarily due to planned inventory growth to support demand and product availability. the increase of cash used for other assets and liabilities was primarily due to lower non-cash operating expenses recorded as accrued liabilities, primarily for personnel-related costs, as compared to the same period in the prior year, partially offset by accrued research and development investments in the current year.
we have historically experienced proportionally lower net cash flows from operating activities during the first quarter and proportionally higher cash flows from operating activities for the remainder of the year and for the annual period driven primarily by payments related to annual employee incentive programs in the first quarter following the year for which the bonuses were earned.
investing activities. cash used by investing activities was $195.4 million during 2022 as compared to $293.0 million used during 2021. the decrease in cash used by investing activities during 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to the acquisition of ezyvet during the second quarter of 2021, partially offset by an acquisition of an intangible asset during the first quarter of 2022, an equity investment during the second quarter of 2022, and the acquisition of a water testing business in the third quarter of 2022, as well as the increase in purchases of property and equipment related to our new warehouse and manufacturing site expansion.
our total capital expenditure plan for 2023 is estimated to be approximately $180.0 million, which includes capital investments in manufacturing and operations facilities to support growth, as well as investments in customer-facing software.
financing activities. cash used by financing activities was $370.9 million during 2022, as compared to $697.4 million used during 2021. the decrease in cash used by financing activities was due to a $432.0 million increase in borrowings under our credit facility, partially offset by $72.9 million in additional repurchases of our common stock in the current period as compared to the same period in the prior year. cash was also used to pay off our $75 million 2022 series a notes when due and payable on february 14, 2022.
cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock increased by $72.9 million during 2022, as compared to 2021. we believe that the repurchase of our common stock is a favorable means of returning value to our stockholders and we also repurchase our stock to offset the dilutive effect of our share-based compensation programs. repurchases of our common stock may vary depending upon the level of other investing activities and the share price. we primarily fund our share repurchases with cash generated from operations, as well as from various capital market activities, including the committed available financing through our credit facility. refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 20. repurchases of common stock" to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about our share repurchases.
under the $1.25 billion credit facility, the $1.0 billion unsecured credit line matures on december 9, 2026 and requires no scheduled prepayments before that date. on october 20, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the credit facility, the term lenders thereunder provided us, as borrower, an incremental term loan in an aggregate principal amount of $250 million (the "term loan"). the term loan matures on october 20, 2025. the net proceeds of the term loan were used to repay previously incurred revolver borrowings under the credit facility. the term loan is subject to the same affirmative and negative covenants and events of default as the borrowings previously incurred pursuant to the credit facility. the applicable interest rate for the term loan is consistent with our line of credit, and is calculated at a per annum rate equal to either (at our option) (1) a prime rate plus a margin ranging from 0.0% to 0.375% based on our consolidated leverage ratio, (2) an adjusted term sofr rate, plus 0.10%, plus a margin ranging from 0.875% to 1.375% based on our consolidated leverage ratio, or (3) an adjusted daily simple sofr rate, plus 0.10%, plus a margin ranging from 0.875% to 1.375% based on our consolidated leverage ratio. refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 13, debt" for additional information about our applicable interest rates on our credit facility. under the credit facility, we also pay quarterly commitment fees ranging from 0.075% to 0.25%, based on our leverage ratio, on any unused commitment.
under the credit facility, the net repayment and borrowing activity resulted in increased cash used of $432.0 million during 2022, as compared to 2021. at december 31, 2022, we had $329.0 million outstanding on our line of credit and a $250.0 million term loan, for a total of $579 million outstanding under the credit facility. at december 31, 2021, we had $73.5 million in outstanding under the credit facility. the general availability of funds under the credit facility was further reduced by $1.5 million for letters of credit that were issued primarily in connection with our workers' compensation policy at december 31, 2022 and $1.4 million at december 31, 2021. the credit facility contains affirmative, negative, and financial covenants customary for financings of this type. the negative covenants include restrictions on liens, indebtedness of subsidiaries of the company, fundamental changes, investments, transactions with affiliates, and certain restrictive agreements and violations of laws and regulations. the financial covenant is a consolidated leverage ratio test that requires our ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation not to exceed 3.5-to-1. at december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants of the credit facility. the obligations under the credit facility may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default under the credit facility, which includes customary events of default including payment defaults, defaults in the performance of the affirmative, negative and financial covenants, the inaccuracy of representations or warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency related defaults, defaults relating to judgments, certain events related to employee pension benefit plans under the employee retirement income security act of 1974, ("erisa"), the failure to pay specified indebtedness, cross-acceleration to specified indebtedness and a change of control default.
in february 2022, we paid off our $75 million 2022 series a notes with cash provided by operations and financing activity. on july 21, 2021, we repaid our $50 million 2021 series a notes in full with cash provided by operations. the aggregate principal amounts of our 2023 series a notes for $75 million will become due and payable on december 11, 2023. we anticipate paying off our 2023 series a notes when due with cash provided by borrowings under our credit facility and cash provided by operations. should we elect to prepay any of our senior notes, such aggregate prepayment will include the applicable make-whole amount(s), as defined within the applicable senior note agreements. additionally, in the event of a change in control of the company or upon the disposition of certain assets of the company, the proceeds of which are not reinvested (as defined in the senior note agreements), we may be required to prepay all or a portion of the senior notes.
the obligations under the senior notes may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default under the applicable senior note agreements, each of which includes customary events of default including payment defaults, defaults in the performance of the affirmative, negative and financial covenants, the inaccuracy of representations or warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency-related defaults, defaults relating to judgments, certain events related to employee pension benefit plans under erisa, the failure to pay specified indebtedness, and cross-acceleration to specified indebtedness.
refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 13, debt" for additional information about our credit facility, senior notes, and senior note agreements.
effect of currency translation on cash. the net effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates are related to changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries. these changes will fluctuate each year as the value of the u.s. dollar relative to the value of the foreign currencies change. the value of a currency depends on many factors, including interest rates, and the issuing governments' debt levels and strength of economy.
off-balance sheet arrangements. we have no off-balance sheet arrangements or variable interest entities except for letters of credit and third-party guarantees, as reflected in "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 13 debt" and "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. note 16. commitments, contingencies and guarantees" to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2022, included in this annual report on form 10-k, respectively.
financial covenant. the financial covenant is a consolidated leverage ratio test that requires our ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation, as defined in the senior note agreements and credit facility, not to exceed 3.5-to-1. at december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants of the senior note agreements. the following details our consolidated leverage ratio calculation:
(in thousands)                                                      twelve months ended trailing 12 months adjusted ebitda:                                   december 31, 2022
net income attributable to stockholders                               $679,089
interest expense                                                        39,858
provision for income taxes                                             180,883
depreciation and amortization                                          111,900
acquisition-related expense                                                873
share-based compensation expense                                        49,770
extraordinary and other non-recurring non-cash charges                       -
adjusted ebitda                                                     $1,062,373
(dollars in thousands)                                              twelve months ended debt to adjusted ebitda ratio:                                        december 31, 2022
line of credit                                                        $579,000
current and long-term portion of long-term debt                        769,369
total debt                                                           1,348,369
acquisition-related consideration payable                                3,453
financing leases                                                             5
deferred financing costs                                                   407
gross debt                                                          $1,352,234
gross debt to adjusted ebitda ratio                                       1.27
cash and cash equivalents                                           $(112,546)
net debt                                                            $1,239,688
net debt to adjusted ebitda ratio                                         1.17
commitments, contingencies and guarantees for more information regarding our commitments, contingencies and guarantees, refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 16. commitments, contingencies and guarantees."
for more information on our future lease payments, refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 8. leases" for our minimum lease payment schedule. the expected timing of payments of our leases may be different in future years, depending on decisions to extend lease terms and/or enter into additional leases in the preceding years.
as of december 31, 2022, current liabilities include $579.0 million outstanding borrowing on our credit facility and the current portion of long-term debt of $75.0 million recorded as current liabilities. refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 13. debt for more information about our credit facility and for more information on our repayment of our senior notes.
we also have purchase obligations that include agreements and purchase orders to purchase goods or services that are contractually enforceable and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities, pricing, and approximate timing of purchases. as of december 31, 2022, we had approximately $232.4 million in purchase obligations due in 2023. our purchase obligations beyond 2023 are approximately $50.4 million. these purchase obligation amounts do not include amounts recorded in accounts payable as of december 31, 2022. the expected timing of payments of our purchase obligations is estimated based on current information. timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different, depending on the time of receipt of goods or services, or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations.
additionally, we have agreements with third parties that we have entered into in the ordinary course of business under which we are obligated to indemnify such third parties for and against various risks and losses. the precise terms of such indemnities vary with the nature of the agreement. in many cases, we limit the maximum amount of our indemnification obligations, but in some cases those obligations may be theoretically unlimited. we have not incurred material expenses in discharging any of these indemnification obligations and, based on our analysis of the nature of the risks involved, we believe that the fair value of these agreements is minimal. accordingly, we did not record any liabilities for these obligations at december 31, 2022 and 2021, and do not anticipate any future payments for these guarantees.
as of december 31, 2022, our remaining obligation associated with the deemed repatriation tax resulting from the tax cut and jobs act of 2017 is $27.0 million. our prior overpayments continued to satisfy our installment obligations through 2022. in 2023, our installment obligation will exceed our remaining overpayment and we will be required to remit the balance due on the installment. our final installment will be paid in 2025. for information on our unrecognized tax benefits, refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 14. income taxes."
during the first quarter of 2023, we paid the $15.0 million milestone payment associated with an arrangement to license intellectual property, which was expensed in 2022.
