item 1a. risk factors the following risk factors and other information included in this annual report on form 10-k should be carefully considered. the occurrence of any of the following risks or of unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
risks relating to our business our operating results and financial condition have been and will likely continue to be adversely affected by the covid-19 pandemic and could be adversely affected by other public health emergencies.
the covid-19 pandemic has resulted and may continue to result in risks that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows.
efforts to combat the virus have been complicated by viral variants and uneven access to, and acceptance and effectiveness of, vaccines globally. the pandemic resulted in governments and other authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and business closures. these measures have impacted and may continue to impact our workforce and operations and the operations of our customers and suppliers. these measures also resulted in a reduction in miles driven. as a result, we have experienced and may continue to experience unpredictable reductions in demand for our products. we have been permitted to operate in most of the jurisdictions we serve, including in jurisdictions that mandated the closure of certain businesses. however, there is no assurance that we will be permitted to continue operations under future government orders or other restrictions, and although certain restrictions related to the covid-19 pandemic have eased, uncertainty continues to exist regarding such measures and potential future measures.
continued uncertainties related to the magnitude, duration, and persistent effects of the covid-19 pandemic may significantly adversely affect our business. these uncertainties include, among other things: the duration and impact of the resurgence in covid-19 cases; the emergence, contagiousness, and threat of new and different strains of virus; the availability, acceptance, and effectiveness of vaccines; additional closures or other actions as mandated or otherwise made necessary by governmental authorities, including employee vaccine mandates; disruptions in the supply chain, including those caused by industry capacity constraints, material availability, and global logistics delays and constraints arising from, among other things, the transportation capacity of ocean shipping containers, and a prolonged delay in resumption of operations by one or more key suppliers, or the failure of any key supplier; an increasingly competitive labor market due to a sustained labor shortage or increased turnover caused by the covid-19 pandemic; our ability to meet commitments to customers on a timely basis as a result of increased costs and supply and transportation challenges; increased logistics costs; additional operating costs due to continued remote working arrangements, adherence to social distancing guidelines, and other covid-19 related challenges; increased risk of cyberattacks on network connections used in remote working arrangements; absence of employees due to illness; and the impact of the pandemic on our customers and suppliers. we have developed and implemented business continuity plans and health and safety protocols in an effort to mitigate the negative impacts we have experienced related to covid-19 to our employees and our business. an inability to respond to the ever changing impacts of covid-19 to our employees and business could negatively impact our financial results. in addition, even if the adverse effects of the covid-19 pandemic subside, there is the possibility of the emergence of a different pandemic or health emergency with similar economic disruptions. these factors, and others that are currently unknown or considered immaterial, could materially and adversely affect the company's business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial position.
our operating results and financial condition have been and could continue to be adversely affected by the economic, political and social conditions in north america, europe, taiwan and elsewhere, as well as the economic health of vehicle owners and numbers and types of vehicles sold.
changes in economic, political and social conditions in north america, europe, taiwan and other countries in which we are located or do business could have a material effect on our company. negative effects to our supply chain, costs of doing business, sales and distribution activity may occur due to factors such as war or threats of war, natural disasters, nuclear facility accidents, public health emergencies, utility interruptions, terrorism and social unrest.
our business is also affected by a number of other factors. for example, the number and types of new vehicles produced and sold by manufacturers affects our business. a decrease in the number of vehicles on the road may result in a decrease in repairs. additionally, our sales are impacted by changes to the economic health of vehicle owners. the economic health of vehicle owners is affected by many factors, including, among others, general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, taxation, fuel prices, unemployment trends and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. many of these factors are outside of our control. if inflationary pressures or any of these other conditions worsen, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
in addition, economic conditions, including decreased access to credit, may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations and other unfavorable events for our customers, suppliers, logistics and other service providers and financial institutions that are counterparties to our credit facilities and hedge transactions. these unfavorable events affecting our business partners could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we have a substantial business presence in europe, including a significant presence in the u.k. and the roi. the u.k.'s withdrawal from the european union (also known as brexit) became effective on january 31, 2020. the u.k. and the european union negotiated a trade and cooperation agreement ("tca") to govern the new relationship, which became effective on january 1, 2021. following the adoption of the tca, duties have increased on some of the products we import into the u.k., and we have observed shipment delays, particularly with respect to the products we supply to our business in the roi. while the long-term extent and impact of these issues remains unclear at this point, they could have adverse impacts on our business. notwithstanding the tca, there continues to be uncertainty regarding the effects of brexit on our u.k. and european businesses, including with respect to tariffs or trade sanctions on goods moving between the jurisdictions, increased administrative burdens, fluctuations in exchange rates, disruptions in access to markets by u.k. and roi companies, and disagreements about the interpretation of the tca.
we also have a presence in the ukraine and are monitoring the situation there carefully. additionally, a number of our suppliers are based in china and taiwan and so increasing strains and any political repercussions may have implications upon our supply chain.
we face competition from local, national, international, and internet-based vehicle products providers, and this competition could negatively affect our business.
the vehicle replacement products industry and vehicle accessory parts industry are highly competitive and are served by numerous suppliers of oem, recycled, aftermarket, refurbished and remanufactured products. within each of these categories of suppliers, there are local owner-operated companies, larger regional suppliers, national and international providers, and internet-based suppliers and distributors. providers of vehicle replacement and accessory products that have traditionally sold only certain categories of such products may decide to expand their product offerings into other categories of vehicle products, which may further increase competition. some of our current and potential competitors may have more operational expertise; greater financial, technical, manufacturing, distribution, and other resources; longer operating histories; lower cost structures; and better relationships in the insurance and vehicle repair industries or with consumers, than we do. business transacted on online marketplaces has been increasing, which presents additional competitive pressures on us; in addition, facilitators of these online marketplaces control access to this channel and may prohibit us from participating.
in north america and europe, local companies have formed cooperative efforts in an attempt to more efficiently compete against us in all aspects of our business. as a result of these factors, our competitors may be able to provide products that we are unable to supply, provide their products at lower costs, or supply products to customers that we are unable to serve.
we believe that a majority of collision parts by dollar amount are supplied by oems, with the balance being supplied by distributors of alternative aftermarket, recycled, refurbished and remanufactured collision parts like us. the oems are therefore able to exert pricing pressure in the marketplace. we compete with the oems primarily on price and to a lesser extent on service and quality. our operations worldwide are dependent upon clear laws and regulation regarding the manufacture of automotive parts in competition with oem parts.
from time to time, the oems have engaged in efforts seeking to increase oem market share and to restrict consumers' choice to use recycled or aftermarket parts to repair consumers' vehicles. examples of these efforts include blocking the use of vehicle telematics by the independent repair industry, demanding that suppliers provide certain parts exclusively to the oems, embedding software in certain vehicle parts that prevents them from being recycled and used to repair other vehicles, repair shop certification programs that, in some cases, require the repair shops to use only oem parts, refusing to sell certain oem parts unless the buyer is an oem-certified shop, obtaining patents and trademarks on various subcomponents of vehicles to prohibit the use of an aftermarket part alternative, and price matching and rebate programs on certain aftermarket products. see the risk factor entitled "intellectual property claims relating to aftermarket products could adversely affect our business." for further information about the oem patents and trademarks.
with respect to telematics, vehicles are increasingly being equipped with systems that transmit data to the oems wirelessly regarding, among other items, accident incidents, maintenance requirements, location of the vehicle, identification of the closest dealership, and other statistics about the vehicle and its driving history. to the extent that this data is not shared with alternative suppliers, the oems will have an advantage with respect to such matters as contacting the vehicle driver, recommending repairs and maintenance, and directing the vehicle owner to an affiliated dealership.
the frequency and intensity of these oem efforts has been increasing over time. the growth and effectiveness of these efforts or the introduction of new ones could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we rely upon our customers and insurance companies to promote the usage of alternative parts.
our success depends, in part, on the acceptance and promotion of alternative parts usage by automotive insurance companies and vehicle repair facilities. there can be no assurance that current levels of alternative parts usage will be maintained or will increase in the future.
we rely on business relationships with insurance companies. these insurance companies encourage vehicle repair facilities to use products we provide. the business relationships include in some cases participation in aftermarket quality and service assurance programs that may result in a higher usage of our aftermarket products than would be the case without the programs. our arrangements with these companies may be terminated by them at any time, including in connection with their own business concerns relating to the offering, availability, standards or operations of the aftermarket quality and service assurance programs. we rely on these relationships for sales to some collision repair shops, and a termination of these relationships may result in a loss of sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
as a result of an illinois lawsuit decided in 1999 involving state farm mutual automobile insurance company and relating to the use of non-oem replacement products in the repair of damaged vehicles, some insurance companies have reduced or eliminated their use of aftermarket products. our financial results could be adversely affected if insurance companies modified or terminated the arrangements pursuant to which repair shops buy aftermarket or recycled products from us due to a fear of similar claims.
in addition, to the extent that the collision repair industry continues to consolidate, the buying power of collision repair shop customers may further increase, putting additional pressure on our financial returns.
intellectual property claims relating to aftermarket products could adversely affect our business.
oems and others have attempted to use claims of intellectual property infringement against manufacturers and distributors of aftermarket products to restrict or eliminate the sale of aftermarket products that are the subject of the claims. oems have brought such claims in federal court and with the u.s. international trade commission. in some cases, we have entered into patent license agreements with oems that allow us to sell aftermarket parts that replicate the patented parts in exchange for a royalty and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the agreements.
to the extent oems and other manufacturers obtain design patents or trademarks and are successful in asserting claims of infringement of these patents or trademarks against us, we could be restricted or prohibited from selling certain aftermarket products, which could have an adverse effect on our business. in the event that our license agreements, or other similar license arrangements with oems or others, are terminated or we are unable to agree upon renewal terms, we may be subject to costs and uncertainties of litigation as well as restrictions on our ability to sell aftermarket parts that replicate parts covered by those design patents or trademarks. we have filed, and may file in the future, challenges to oem patents, including patents owned by oems with which we have patent license agreements. we also may file challenges to oem trademarks. to the extent oems are successful in defending their patents or trademarks, we could be restricted or prohibited from selling the corresponding aftermarket products, which could have an adverse effect on our business. also, we will likely incur expenses investigating, pursuing and defending intellectual property claims.
u.s. customs and border protection has taken the position that certain of our aftermarket parts infringe certain oem trademarks and seized our aftermarket parts as we attempted to import them into the u.s. we have incurred costs and expenses convincing customs and border protection to release the seized goods and in litigation where we sought a determination of non-infringement. in the event customs and border protection seizes our products again in the future, we may be unsuccessful in obtaining their release, and such goods may be subject to forfeiture and other penalties, and we would incur legal fees in contesting those seizures.
aftermarket products certifying organizations may revoke the certification of parts that are the subject of the intellectual property disputes. lack of certification may negatively impact us because many major insurance companies recommend or require the use of aftermarket products only if they have been certified by an independent certifying organization.
if the number of vehicles involved in accidents or being repaired declines, or the mix of the types of vehicles in the overall vehicle population changes, our business could suffer.
our business depends on vehicle accidents, mechanical failures and routine maintenance for both the demand for repairs using our products and the supply of recycled, remanufactured and refurbished parts. to the extent that a relatively higher percentage of damaged vehicles are declared total losses, there will be less demand for our products to repair such vehicles. in addition, our business is impacted by factors that influence the number and/or severity of accidents and mechanical failures including, but not limited to, the number of vehicles on the road, the number of miles driven, the ages of drivers, the occurrence and severity of certain weather conditions, the congestion of traffic, drivers distracted by electronic equipment, the use of alcohol or drugs by drivers, the usage rate and effectiveness of accident avoidance systems in new vehicles, the reliability of new oem parts, and the condition of roadways. for example, an increase in the acceptance of ride-sharing could reduce the number of vehicles on the road. additionally, an increase in fuel prices may cause the number of vehicles on the road, the number of miles driven, and the need for mechanical repairs and maintenance to decline, as motorists seek alternative transportation options. mild weather conditions, particularly during winter months, tend to result in a decrease in vehicle accidents. moreover, legislation banning the use of handheld cellular telephones or other electronic devices while driving could lead to a decline in accidents.
systems designed to minimize accident frequency and severity are becoming more prevalent and more technologically sophisticated. to the extent oems install or are mandated by law to install accident avoidance systems in their vehicles, the number and severity of accidents could decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the average number of new vehicles sold annually has fluctuated from year-to-year. periods of decreased sales could result in a reduction in the number of vehicles on the road and consequently fewer vehicles involved in accidents or in need of mechanical repair or maintenance. substantial declines in automotive sales in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. in addition, if vehicle population trends result in a disproportionately high number of older vehicles on the road, insurance companies may find it uneconomical to repair such vehicles or there could be less costly repairs. if vehicle population trends result in a disproportionately high number of newer vehicles on the road, the demand generally for mechanical repairs and maintenance would likely decline due to the newer, longer-lasting parts in the vehicle population and mechanical failures being covered by oem warranties for the first years of a vehicle's life. moreover, alternative collision and mechanical parts are less likely to be used on newer vehicles. our specialty segment depends on sales of pickup trucks, sport utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, high performance vehicles and recreational vehicles; any reduction in the number of such vehicles in operation will adversely affect demand for our specialty products.
electric vehicles do not have traditional engines, transmissions, and certain related parts. engines and transmissions represent some of our largest revenue generating skus in north america, and parts for engines and transmissions represent a significant amount of the revenue of our european operations. thus, an increase in electric vehicles as a percentage of vehicles sold could have a negative impact on our sales of engines, transmissions, and other related parts.
fluctuations in the prices of metals and other commodities could adversely affect our financial results.
our recycling operations generate scrap metal and precious metals (such as platinum, palladium, and rhodium) as well as other metals that we sell. after we dismantle a salvage vehicle for wholesale parts and after vehicles have been processed in our self service retail business, the remaining vehicle hulks are sold to scrap processors and other remaining metals are sold to processors and brokers of metals. in addition, we receive "crush only" vehicles or vehicles to be further processed from other companies, including oems, which we dismantle and which generate scrap metal and other metals, in accordance with the guidelines of our agreements with the providing company. the prices of scrap and other metals have historically fluctuated, sometimes significantly, due to market factors. in addition, buyers may stop purchasing metals entirely due to excess supply. to the extent that the prices of metals decrease materially or buyers stop purchasing metals, our revenue from such sales will suffer and a write-down of our inventory value could be required.
the cost of our wholesale recycled and our self service retail inventory purchases will change as a result of fluctuating scrap metal and other metals prices. in a period of falling metal prices, there can be no assurance that our inventory purchasing cost will decrease the same amount or at the same rate as the scrap metal and other metals prices decline, and there may be a delay between the scrap metal and other metals price reductions and any inventory cost reductions. the prices of steel, aluminum, and plastics are components of the cost to manufacture products for our aftermarket business. if the prices of commodities rise and result in higher costs to us for products we sell, we may not be able to pass these higher costs on to our customers.
an adverse change in our relationships with our suppliers, disruption to our supply of inventory, or the misconduct, performance failures or negligence of our third party vendors or service providers could increase our expenses, impede our ability to serve our customers, or expose us to liability.
our wholesale - north america business is dependent on a relatively small number of suppliers of aftermarket products, a large portion of which are sourced from taiwan. our european business also acquires products from asian sources. we incur substantial freight costs to import parts from our suppliers, many of which are located in asia. the cost of freight and shipping containers rose in 2021 and 2022 relative to historical levels, and if the cost of freight and shipping containers continue to rise, we might not be able to pass the cost increases on to our customers. furthermore, although alternative suppliers exist for substantially all aftermarket products distributed by us, the loss of any one supplier could have a material adverse effect on us until alternative suppliers are located and have commenced manufacturing and providing the relevant products. in addition, we are subject to disruptions from work stoppages and other labor disputes at port facilities through which we import our inventory. we also face the risk that our suppliers could attempt to circumvent us and sell their product directly to our customers; consolidation of our suppliers could enhance their ability to distribute products through additional sales channels and thus decrease their reliance on wholesale distributors like us.
moreover, our operations are subject to the customary risks of doing business abroad, including, among other things, natural disasters, transportation costs and delays, political instability, currency fluctuations and the imposition of tariffs, import and export controls and other non-tariff barriers (including changes in the allocation of quotas), as well as the uncertainty regarding future relations between china, japan and taiwan. for example, u.s. customs and border protection have used claims of intellectual property infringement to seize certain of our aftermarket parts as we attempted to import them into the u.s.
because a substantial volume of our sales involves products manufactured from sheet metal, we can be adversely impacted if sheet metal becomes unavailable or is only available at higher prices, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers. additionally, as oems convert to raw materials other than steel, it may be more difficult or expensive to source aftermarket parts made with such materials, and it may be more difficult for repair shops to work with such materials in the repair process.
most of our salvage and a portion of our self service inventory is obtained from vehicles offered at salvage auctions operated by several companies that own auction facilities in numerous locations across the u.s. we do not typically have contracts with the auction companies. according to industry analysts, a small number of companies control a large percentage of the salvage auction market in the u.s. if an auction company prohibited us from participating in its auctions, began competing with us, or significantly raised its fees, our business could be adversely affected through higher costs or the resulting potential inability to service our customers. moreover, we face competition in the purchase of vehicles from direct competitors, rebuilders, exporters and other bidders. to the extent that the number of bidders increases, it may have the effect of increasing our cost of goods sold for wholesale recycled products. some states regulate bidders to help ensure that salvage vehicles are purchased for legal purposes by qualified buyers. auction companies have been actively seeking to reduce, circumvent or eliminate these regulations, which would further increase the number of bidders.
in addition, there is a limited supply of salvage vehicles in the u.s., and thus the costs to us of these vehicles could increase over time. in some states, when a vehicle is deemed a total loss, a salvage title is issued. whether states issue salvage titles is important to the supply of inventory for the vehicle recycling industry because an increase in vehicles that qualify as salvage vehicles provides greater availability and typically lowers the price of such vehicles. currently, these titling issues are a matter of state law. national legislation seeking to establish national uniform requirements in this area, including a uniform definition of a salvage vehicle, has been introduced but not enacted. the vehicle recycling industry generally favors a uniform definition, since it would avoid inconsistencies across state lines, and generally favors a definition that expands the number of damaged vehicles that qualify as salvage. however, certain interest groups, including repair shops and some insurance associations, may oppose this type of legislation. there can be no assurance that such legislation will be enacted in the future.
we also acquire inventory directly from insurance companies, oems, and others. to the extent that these suppliers decide to discontinue these arrangements, our business could be adversely affected through higher costs or the resulting potential inability to service our customers.
in europe, we acquire products from a wide variety of suppliers. as vehicle technology changes, some parts will become more complex and the design or technology of those parts may be covered by patents or other rights that make it difficult for manufacturers to supply such aftermarket parts to companies such as ours. the complexity of the parts may include software or other technical aspects that make it difficult to identify what is wrong with the vehicle. more complex parts may be difficult to repair and may require expensive or difficult to obtain software updates, limiting our ability to compete with the oems.
we rely on third parties to provide products and services that are integral to our operations. if we fail to adequately assess, monitor and regulate the performance of our third party vendors and service providers, we could be subject to additional risk caused by the misconduct, performance failures or negligence of these third parties. for example, these could include violations of, or noncompliance with, laws and/or regulations governing our business (including, but not limited to, bribery, cybersecurity or privacy laws), which could lead to sanctions and/or fines from governmental agencies. our arrangements with third party vendors and service providers may cause us financial and reputational harm if those third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us, including their obligations to maintain and protect the security and confidentiality of our information and data or the information and data relating to our customers. see the risk factor entitled "the costs of complying with the requirements of laws pertaining to the privacy and security of personal information and the potential liability associated with the failure to comply with such laws could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations" for further information about the security and confidentiality of our information and data. further, noncompliance with contract terms by our third party vendors or service providers could expose us to liability to other third parties or our employees.
if we determine that our goodwill or other intangible assets have become impaired, we may incur significant charges to our pretax income.
goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations. in the future, our goodwill and intangible assets may increase as a result of acquisitions. goodwill is reviewed at least annually for impairment. impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in the performance of acquired businesses, deterioration of expected future cash flows or performance, increases in our cost of capital, adverse market conditions, and adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including modifications that restrict the activities of the acquired business. as of december 31, 2022, our total goodwill subject to future impairment testing was $4,319 million. for further discussion of our annual impairment test, see "goodwill impairment" in the critical accounting estimates section of part ii, item 7 and "intangible assets" in note 3, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
except for indefinite-lived intangibles, we amortize other intangible assets over the assigned useful lives, each of which is based upon the expected period to be benefited. we review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or sooner if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. we review finite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. in the event conditions change that affect our ability to realize the underlying cash flows associated with our intangible assets, we may record an impairment charge. as of december 31, 2022, the value of our other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, was $653 million.
we could be subject to product liability claims and involved in product recalls.
if our products cause injury or property damage, we could be subject to product liability claims. the successful assertion of this type of claim could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. in addition, we may become involved in the recall of a product that is determined to be defective. more generally, a recall involving alternative parts, even if we did not sell the recalled products, could adversely affect the perceived quality of alternative parts, leading to decreased usage of alternative parts. the expenses of a recall and the damage to our reputation, or the reputation of alternative parts generally, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we have agreed to defend and indemnify in certain circumstances insurance companies and customers against claims and damages relating to product liability and product recalls. the existence of claims or damages for which we must defend and indemnify these parties could also negatively impact our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we may not be able to successfully acquire new businesses or integrate acquisitions, and we may not be able to successfully divest certain businesses.
we may not be able to successfully complete potential strategic acquisitions if we cannot reach agreement on acceptable terms, if we do not obtain required antitrust or other regulatory approvals, or for other reasons. moreover, we may not be able to identify acquisition candidates at reasonable prices and/or be able to successfully integrate acquisitions.
if we buy a company or a division of a company, we may experience difficulty integrating that company's or division's personnel and operations, which could negatively affect our operating results. in addition:
•the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us;
•customers of the acquired company may decide not to purchase products from us;
•suppliers of the acquired company may decide not to sell products to us;
•we may experience business disruptions as a result of information technology systems conversions;
•we may experience additional financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as tax planning, treasury management, and financial reporting;
•we may be held liable for environmental, tax or other risks and liabilities as a result of our acquisitions, some of which we may not have discovered during our due diligence;
•we may intentionally assume the liabilities of the companies we acquire, which could result in material adverse effects on our business;
•our existing business may be disrupted or receive insufficient management attention;
•we may not be able to realize the cost savings or other financial benefits we anticipated, either in the amount or in the time frame that we expect; and
•we may incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for any future acquisition, the issuance of which could involve the imposition of restrictive covenants or be dilutive to our existing stockholders.
for example, we have undertaken the 1 lkq europe program to create structural centralization and standardization of key functions to facilitate the operation of the europe segment as a single business; this program has presented and will continue to present a number of execution challenges. the covid-19 pandemic has impacted certain 1 lkq europe initiatives, resulting in minor delays.
in addition to acquisitions, we have divested, and will continue to divest, certain businesses, either because they do not meet our performance standards or for other reasons. as a result of a divestment, we may not recover the carrying value of our investment in the divested business; in addition, such divestment transactions require significant management time and attention.
risks relating to our financial structure we have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to obtain financing in the future and to react to changes in our business.
as of december 31, 2022, we had approximately $1,786 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured debt outstanding and approximately $1,295 million of availability under our credit agreement ($1,364 million of availability reduced by $69 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit). in addition, we had approximately $803 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured debt outstanding comprised of €500 million ($535 million) aggregate principal amount of 3.875% senior notes due april 1, 2024 (the "euro notes (2024)"), and €250 million ($268 million) of 4.125% senior notes due 2028 (the "euro notes (2028)," and together with the euro notes (2024), the "senior notes"). borrowings under the credit agreement mature in january 2024.
our significant amount of debt and our debt service obligations could limit our ability to satisfy our obligations, limit our ability to operate our business and impair our competitive position.
for example, our debt and our debt service obligations could:
•increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and general industry conditions, including interest rate fluctuations, because a portion of our borrowings are and will continue to be at variable rates of interest;
•require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, which would reduce the availability of our cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes;
•limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry;
•place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors that may have proportionately less debt;
•limit our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing due to applicable financial and restrictive covenants in our debt agreements; and
•increase our cost of borrowing.
in addition, if we or our subsidiaries incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage and the ability to service such debt would increase.
our senior notes do not impose any limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or protect against certain other types of transactions, and we may incur additional indebtedness under our credit agreement.
although we are subject to our credit agreement for so long as it remains in effect, the indentures governing the senior notes do not restrict the future incurrence of unsecured indebtedness, guarantees or other obligations. the indentures contain certain limitations on our ability to incur liens on assets and engage in sale and leaseback transactions. however, these limitations are subject to important exceptions. in addition, the indentures do not contain many other restrictions, including certain restrictions contained in our credit agreement, including, without limitation, making investments, prepaying subordinated indebtedness or engaging in transactions with our affiliates.
our credit agreement will permit, subject to specified conditions and limitations, the incurrence of a significant amount of additional indebtedness under the existing agreement. as of december 31, 2022, we would have been able to incur an additional $1,295 million of indebtedness under our credit agreement ($1,364 million of availability reduced by $69 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit). if we or our subsidiaries incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage and the need to service such debt would increase.
our credit agreement imposes operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, which may prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities.
our credit agreement imposes operating and financial restrictions on us. these restrictions may limit our ability, among other things, to:
•incur, assume or permit to exist additional indebtedness (including guarantees thereof) outside of our credit agreement;
•incur liens on assets;
•engage in transactions with affiliates;
•sell certain assets or merge or consolidate with or into other companies;
•guarantee indebtedness; and
•alter the business we conduct.
as a result of these covenants and restrictions, we may be limited in how we conduct our business and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. the terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants. the failure to comply with any of these covenants would cause a default under the credit agreement. a default, if not waived, could result in acceleration of our debt, in which case the debt would become immediately due and payable. if this occurs, we may not be able to repay our debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. even if new financing were available, it may be on terms that are less attractive to us than our existing credit facilities or it may be on terms that are not acceptable to us.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. we cannot assure you that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. if our operating results and available cash are insufficient to meet our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we hope to realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. any future refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants which could further restrict our business operations. additionally, our credit agreement and the indentures that govern our senior notes limit the use of the proceeds from certain dispositions of our assets; as a result, our credit agreement and our senior notes may prevent us from using the proceeds from such dispositions to satisfy all of our debt service obligations.
our future capital needs may require that we seek to refinance our debt or obtain additional debt or equity financing, events that could have a negative effect on our business.
we may need to raise additional funds in the future to, among other things, refinance existing debt, fund our existing operations, improve or expand our operations, respond to competitive pressures, or make acquisitions. from time to time, we may raise additional funds through public or private financing, strategic alliances, or other arrangements. funds may not be available or available on terms acceptable to us as a result of different factors, including but not limited to turmoil in the credit markets that results in the tightening of credit conditions and current or future regulations applicable to the financial institutions from which we seek financing. if adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to meet our business or strategic objectives or compete effectively. if we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, stockholders may experience dilution of their ownership interests, and the newly issued securities may have rights superior to those of our common stock. if we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to higher borrowing costs and further limitations on our operations. if we refinance or restructure our debt, we may incur charges to write off the unamortized portion of deferred debt issuance costs from a previous financing, or we may incur charges related to hedge ineffectiveness from our interest rate swap obligations. there are restrictions in the indentures that govern the euro notes (2024) and euro notes (2028) on our ability to refinance such notes prior to january 1, 2024 and april 1, 2023, respectively. we could refinance the senior notes through open market purchases, subject to a limitation in our credit agreement on the amount of such purchases. if we fail to raise capital when needed, our business may be negatively affected.
our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase significantly.
borrowings under our credit agreement are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. moreover, changes in market interest rates could affect the trading value of the senior notes.
repayment of our indebtedness is dependent on cash flow generated by our subsidiaries.
we are a holding company and repayment of our indebtedness will be dependent upon cash flow generated by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. unless they are borrowers or guarantors of the indebtedness, our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to pay amounts due on the indebtedness or to make funds available for that purpose. our subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness, including the senior notes. each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries and, under certain circumstances, distributions from our subsidiaries may be subject to taxes that reduce the amount of such distributions available to us. while the indentures governing the senior notes limit the ability of our subsidiaries to restrict the payment of dividends or to restrict other intercompany payments to us, these limitations are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. in the event that we do not receive sufficient distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, including the senior notes.
a downgrade in our credit rating would impact our cost of capital.
credit ratings have an important effect on our cost of capital. credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that include, among other items, our results of operations, business decisions that we make, their view of the general outlook for our industry, and their view of the general outlook for the economy. actions taken by the rating agencies can include maintaining, upgrading, or downgrading the current rating or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading. we believe our current credit ratings enhance our ability to borrow funds at favorable rates. a downgrade in our current credit rating from a rating agency could adversely affect our cost of capital by causing us to pay a higher interest rate on borrowed funds under our credit facilities. a downgrade could also adversely affect our ability to issue debt securities in the future or incur other indebtedness upon favorable terms. if we are downgraded to a rating that is below investment grade, we may also become subject to additional covenants under our senior notes.
the amount and frequency of our share repurchases and dividend payments may fluctuate.
the amount, timing and execution of our share repurchase program may fluctuate based on our priorities for the use of cash for other purposes such as operational spending, capital spending, acquisitions or repayment of debt. changes in cash flows, tax laws and our share price could also impact our share repurchase program and other capital activities. additionally, decisions to return capital to shareholders, including through our repurchase program or the issuance of dividends on our common stock, remain subject to determination of our board of directors that any such activity is in the best interests of our shareholders and is in compliance with all applicable laws and contractual obligations.
legal and regulatory risks existing or new laws and regulations, or changes to enforcement or interpretation of existing laws or regulations, may prohibit, restrict or burden the sale of aftermarket, recycled, refurbished or remanufactured products.
many states have introduced or passed laws that limit the use of aftermarket products in collision repair. these laws include requirements relating to consumer disclosure, vehicle owner's consent regarding the use of aftermarket products in the repair process, and the requirement to have aftermarket products certified by an independent testing organization. additional legislation of this kind may be introduced in the future. if additional laws prohibiting or restricting the use of aftermarket products are passed, it could have an adverse impact on our aftermarket products business.
certain organizations test the quality and safety of vehicle replacement products. if these organizations decide not to test a particular vehicle product, or in the event that such organizations decide that a particular vehicle product does not meet applicable quality or safety standards, we may decide to discontinue sales of such product or insurance companies may decide to discontinue authorization of repairs using such product. such events could adversely affect our business.
some jurisdictions have enacted laws prohibiting or severely restricting the sale of certain recycled products that we provide, such as airbags. in addition, laws relating to the regulation of parts affecting vehicle emissions, such as california's proposition 65, may impact the ability of our specialty segment to sell certain accessory products. these and other jurisdictions could enact similar laws or could prohibit or severely restrict the sale of additional recycled products. the passage of legislation with prohibitions or restrictions that are more severe than current laws could have a material adverse effect on our business. additionally, congress could enact federal legislation restricting the use of aftermarket or recycled automotive products used in the course of vehicle repairs. in europe, the motor vehicle block exemption regulations (mvber) regulate the competition rules on automotive spare parts. the 2010 mvber are due to expire in may 2023. the current indications are that the 2010 mvber will be extended for 5 years, with additional guidance to be provided by the european commission in a supplementary guidance regarding new technology and software provided by oems. in july 2022, the european commission published for consultation its proposal to extend the mvber to may 31, 2028 and amend the supplementary guidelines.
the federal trade commission has issued guides that regulate the use of certain terms such as "rebuilt" or "remanufactured" in connection with the sale of automotive parts. restrictions on the products we are able to sell and on the marketing of such products could decrease our revenue and have an adverse effect on our business and operations.
we are subject to environmental regulations and incur costs relating to environmental matters.
we are subject to various environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things: the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air, or water; exposure to hazardous materials; and the generation, handling, storage, use, treatment, identification, transportation, and disposal of industrial by-products, waste water, storm water, and mercury and other hazardous materials. we are also required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain of our operations. if we violate or fail to obtain or comply with these laws, regulations, or permits, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators or lose our operating permits. we could also become liable if employees or other parties are improperly exposed to hazardous materials. we have an environmental management process designed to facilitate and support our compliance with these requirements; we cannot assure you, however, that we will at all times be in complete compliance with such requirements.
we have made and will continue to make capital and other expenditures relating to environmental matters. although we presently do not expect to incur any capital or other expenditures relating to environmental controls or other environmental matters in amounts that would be material to us, we may be required to make such expenditures in the future.
under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible for all of the costs relating to any contamination at, or migration to or from, our or our predecessors' past or present facilities and at independent waste disposal sites. these laws often impose liability even if the owner or operator did not know of, or was not responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. many of our facilities are located on or near properties with a history of industrial use that may have involved hazardous materials. as a result, some of our properties may be contaminated. some environmental laws hold current or previous owners or operators of real property liable for the costs of cleaning up contamination. these environmental laws also impose liability on any person who disposes of, treats, or arranges for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances, regardless of whether the affected site is owned or operated by such person, and at times can impose liability on companies deemed under law to be a successor to such person. third parties may also make claims against owners or operators of properties, or successors to such owners or operators, for personal injuries and property damage associated with releases of hazardous or toxic substances.
contamination resulting from vehicle recycling processes can include soil and ground water contamination from the release, storage, transportation, or disposal of gasoline, motor oil, antifreeze, transmission fluid, chlorofluorocarbons from air conditioners, other hazardous materials, or metals such as aluminum, cadmium, chromium, lead, and mercury. contamination from the refurbishment of chrome plated bumpers can occur from the release of the plating material. contamination can migrate on-site or off-site, which can increase the risk, and the amount, of any potential liability.
when we identify a potential material environmental issue during our acquisition due diligence process, we analyze the risks, and, when appropriate, perform further environmental assessment to verify and quantify the extent of the potential contamination. furthermore, where appropriate, we have established financial reserves for certain environmental matters. in the event we discover new information or if laws change, we may incur significant liabilities, which may exceed our reserves.
environmental laws are complex, change frequently, and have tended to become more stringent over time. our costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory or market responses to global climate change.
growing concern over climate change has led policy makers to consider the enactment of legislative and regulatory proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions. such laws, if enacted, are likely to impact our business in a number of ways. for example, significant increases in fuel economy requirements, new federal or state restrictions on emissions of carbon dioxide or new federal or state incentive programs that may be imposed on vehicles and automobile fuels could adversely affect demand for vehicles, annual miles driven or the products we sell. we may not be able to accurately predict, prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations with respect to electric vehicles and other technologies that minimize emissions. compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. our inability to appropriately respond to such changes could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
moreover, the perspectives of our customers, suppliers, stockholders, employees, community partners, regulatory agencies and other stakeholders regarding climate change are evolving. these stakeholders are increasingly requesting disclosures and actions relating to not only climate change but other environmental and social matters and corporate governance practices. the increase in costs to comply with such evolving expectations, including any rules or regulations resulting from these evolving expectations, as well as any risk of noncompliance, could adversely impact us.
our amended and restated bylaws provide that the courts in the state of delaware are the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.
our amended and restated bylaws provide that the court of chancery of the state of delaware (or if the court of chancery does not have jurisdiction, another court of the state of delaware, or if no court of the state of delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the district of delaware) shall be the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings:
•any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf;
•any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty;
•any action asserting a claim against us arising under the delaware general corporation law, our certificate of incorporation, or our bylaws;
•any action asserting a claim governed by the internal-affairs doctrine; and
•any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws.
the choice of forum provision in our bylaws does not apply to claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the exchange act or the securities act or any claim with respect to which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers due to, among other possible factors, increased costs of such lawsuits and limitations on the ability to bring claims in a judicial forum that the plaintiffs may consider more favorable. alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
our effective tax rate could materially increase as a consequence of various factors, including u.s. and/or international tax legislation, applicable interpretations and administrative guidance, our mix of earnings by jurisdiction, and u.s. and foreign jurisdictional audits.
we are a u.s. based multinational company subject to income taxes in the u.s. and a number of foreign jurisdictions. therefore, we are subject to changes in tax laws in each of these jurisdictions, and such changes could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate and cash flows.
on august 16, 2022, the u.s. enacted legislation commonly referred to as the inflation reduction act (the "ira"). the ira contained a number of new provisions the most significant of which are a new corporate alternative minimum tax and a new stock repurchase excise tax. additionally, many non-u.s. jurisdictions are implementing tax legislation based upon recommendations made by the organization for economic co-operation and development in connection with its base erosion and profit shifting study, as well as certain anti-tax-avoidance initiatives advanced by the european commission. the outcome of these legislative developments could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate and cash flows.
the tax rates applicable in the jurisdictions within which we operate vary widely. therefore, our effective tax rate may be adversely affected by changes in the mix of our earnings by jurisdiction.
we are also subject to ongoing audits of our income tax returns in various jurisdictions both in the u.s. and internationally. while we believe that our tax positions will be sustained, the outcomes of such audits could result in the assessment of additional taxes, which could adversely impact our cash flows and financial results.
if significant tariffs or other restrictions are placed on products or materials we import or any related counter-measures are taken by countries to which we export products, our revenue and results of operations may be materially harmed.
the u.s. has imposed tariffs on certain materials imported into the u.s. from china and announced additional tariffs on other goods from china and other countries. moreover, counter-measures have been taken by other countries in retaliation for the u.s.-imposed tariffs. the tariffs cover products and materials that we import, and the counter-measures may affect products we export. the effects currently are not material; however, depending on the breadth of products and materials ultimately affected by, and the duration of, the tariffs and countermeasures, our financial results may be materially harmed. in addition, countries may impose other restrictions on the importation of products.
governmental agencies may refuse to grant or renew our operating licenses and permits.
our operating subsidiaries in our salvage, self service, and refurbishing operations must obtain licenses and permits from state and local governments to conduct their operations. when we develop or acquire a new facility, we must seek the approval of state and local units of government. governmental agencies may resist the establishment of a vehicle recycling or refurbishing facility in their communities. there can be no assurance that future approvals or transfers will be granted. in addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain and renew the licenses and permits our operating subsidiaries currently hold.
general risk factors our employees are important to successfully manage our business and achieve our objectives.
our future success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees at the operating level. if we lose the services of one or more of our executive officers or key employees, or if one or more of them decides to join a competitor or otherwise compete directly or indirectly with us, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives. if we lose the services of any of our key employees at the operating or regional level, we may not be able to replace them with similarly qualified personnel, which could harm our business. in addition, we have experienced wage inflation in the jurisdictions in which we operate. an inability to respond to these inflationary pressures could impact our ability to retain key employees or we may experience increased costs due to difficulties related to hiring and retaining employees.
we operate in foreign jurisdictions, which exposes us to foreign exchange and other risks.
we have operations in north america, europe and taiwan, and we may expand our operations in the countries in which we do business and into other countries. our foreign operations expose us to additional risks associated with international business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition, including import and export requirements and compliance with anti-corruption laws, such as the u.k. bribery act 2010 and the foreign corrupt practices act. we also incur costs in currencies other than our functional currencies in some of the countries in which we operate. we are thus subject to foreign exchange exposure to the extent that we operate in different currencies, as well as exposure to foreign tax and other foreign and domestic laws. in addition, certain countries in which we operate have a higher level of political instability and criminal activity than the u.s. that could affect our operations and the ability to maintain our supply of products.
our business may be adversely affected by union activities and labor and employment laws.
certain of our employees are represented by labor unions and other employee representative bodies and work under collective bargaining or similar agreements, which are subject to periodic renegotiation. from time to time, there have been efforts to organize additional portions of our workforce and those efforts can be expected to continue. in addition, legislators and government agencies could adopt new regulations, or interpret existing regulations in a manner, that could make it significantly easier for unionization efforts to be successful. also, we may in the future be subject to strikes or work stoppages, union and works council campaigns, and other labor disruptions and disputes. additional unionization efforts, new collective bargaining or similar agreements, and work stoppages could materially increase our costs and reduce revenue and could limit our flexibility in terms of work schedules, reductions in force and other operational matters.
we also are subject to laws and regulations that govern such matters as minimum wage, overtime and other working conditions. some of these laws are technical in nature and could be subject to interpretation by government agencies and courts different than our interpretations. efforts to comply with existing laws, changes to such laws and newly-enacted laws may increase our labor costs and limit our flexibility. if we were found not to be in compliance with such laws, we could be subject to fines, penalties and liabilities to our employees or government agencies. in addition, efforts to better protect local markets from foreign workers and decisions of countries to withdraw from treaties and joint economic areas may lead to increased restrictions on the free movement of people and labor and may limit our ability to place key personnel where they could best serve our needs.
we rely on information technology and communication systems in critical areas of our operations and a disruption relating to such technology could harm our business.
in the ordinary course of business, we rely upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are provided by or leased from third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage and support a variety of business processes and activities. the secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our business operations and strategy. despite security measures and business continuity plans, these information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals, breaches due to employee error or malfeasance, disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, terminations of business relationships by third party service providers, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. the occurrence of any of these events involving us or involving the third parties with whom we do business could compromise our or the third parties' networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. any such access, disclosure or loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, disruption to our operations and damage to our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. in addition, as security threats continue to evolve, we will likely need to invest additional resources to protect the security of our systems.
in the event that we decide to switch providers or to implement upgrades or replacements to our own systems, we may be unsuccessful in the development of our own systems or we may underestimate the costs and expenses of switching providers or developing and implementing our own systems. also, our revenue may be hampered during the period of implementing an alternative system, which period could extend longer than we anticipated. we are in the midst of a systems conversion project for our european businesses, which will be subject to all of these risks.
the costs of complying with the requirements of laws pertaining to the privacy and security of personal information and the potential liability associated with the failure to comply with such laws could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we collect personally identifiable information ("pii") and other data as part of our business processes and operations. the legislative and regulatory framework relating to privacy and data protection is rapidly evolving worldwide and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. this data is subject to a variety of u.s. and international laws and regulations. many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the european union, canada, u.k., switzerland and other jurisdictions where we conduct business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of pii and other data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdictions that are more restrictive than those in the u.s. additionally, the european union adopted the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") that imposes more stringent data protection requirements for processors and controllers of personal data, including expanded disclosures about how pii is to be used, limitations on retention of pii, mandatory data breach notification requirements, possible restrictions on cross border transfers of pii and higher standards for data controllers to demonstrate that they have obtained valid consent for certain data processing activities. the gdpr provides severe penalties for noncompliance. in addition, stricter laws in this area are being enacted in certain states in the u.s. and in other countries, and more jurisdictions are likely to follow this trend.
any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection issues, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations or other legal obligations (including at newly-acquired companies) could result in additional cost and liability to us, result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, give rise to civil litigation, result in damage to our reputation (including the loss of trust by our customers and employees), inhibit sales, and otherwise adversely affect our business. we also may be subject to these adverse effects if other parties with whom we do business, including lenders, suppliers, consultants and advisors, violate applicable laws or contractual obligations or suffer a security breach.
business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our operations, the function of our computer systems, and/or the availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business.
weather, terrorist activities, war or other disasters, or the threat of any of them, may result in the breakdown of our distribution center systems, closure of our distribution centers or other facilities or may adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory through our system on a timely basis. this may affect our ability to serve our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty. some of our merchandise is imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the u.s. or into the other countries in which we operate, and we may not be able to obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar prices. such a disruption in revenue could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
if we experience problems with our fleet of trucks and other vehicles, our business could be harmed.
we use a fleet of trucks and other vehicles to deliver the majority of the products we sell. we are subject to the risks associated with providing delivery services, including inclement weather, disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, governmental regulation, availability and price of fuel, liabilities arising from accidents to the extent we are not covered by insurance, insurance premium increases, and ability to hire drivers. in addition, our failure to deliver products in a timely and accurate manner could harm our reputation and brand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we may lose the right to operate at key locations.
we lease most of the properties at which we conduct our businesses. at the end of a lease term, we must negotiate a renewal, exercise a purchase option (to the extent we have that right), or find a new location. there can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate renewals on terms acceptable to us or that we will find a suitable alternative location, especially with respect to our salvage operations (which have characteristics that are often not attractive to landlords, local governments, or neighbors). in such cases, we may lose the right to operate at key locations.
activist investors could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management's attention, and have an adverse effect on our business.
we have in the past received, and we may in the future be subject to, proposals by activist investors urging us to take certain corporate actions. activist investor activities could cause our business to be adversely affected because responding to proxy contests and other demands by activist investors can be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, and divert the attention of management and our employees. for example, we have retained, and may in the future be required to retain, the services of various professionals to advise us on activist investor matters, including legal, financial and communications advisors, the costs of which may negatively impact our future financial results. campaigns by activist investors to effect changes at publicly-traded companies are sometimes led by investors seeking to increase short term investor value through actions such as financial restructuring, increased debt, special dividends, stock repurchases, or sales of assets or the entire company. perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, strategy or leadership that arise as a consequence of activist investor initiatives may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, harm our ability to attract new investors, employees and business partners, and cause our stock price to experience periods of volatility or stagnation.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," of this annual report on form 10-k. unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, as used in this "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," the terms "we," "us," "the company," "our," "lkq" and similar terms refer to lkq corporation and its subsidiaries.
overview we are a global distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, and specialty vehicle aftermarket products and accessories to improve the performance, functionality and appearance of vehicles.
buyers of vehicle replacement products have the option to purchase from primarily five sources: new products produced by oems; new products produced by companies other than the oems, which are referred to as aftermarket products; recycled products obtained from salvage and total loss vehicles; recycled products that have been refurbished; and recycled products that have been remanufactured. we distribute a variety of products to collision and mechanical repair shops, including aftermarket collision and mechanical products; recycled collision and mechanical products; refurbished collision products such as wheels, bumper covers and lights; and remanufactured engines and transmissions. collectively, we refer to the four sources that are not new oem products as alternative parts.
we are a leading provider of alternative vehicle collision replacement products and alternative vehicle mechanical replacement products, with our sales, processing, and distribution facilities reaching most major markets in the united states and canada. we are also a leading provider of alternative vehicle replacement and maintenance products in germany, the u.k., the benelux region (belgium, netherlands, and luxembourg), italy, czech republic, austria, slovakia, poland, and various other european countries. in addition to our wholesale operations, we operate self service retail facilities across the u.s. that sell recycled automotive products from end-of-life-vehicles. we are also a leading distributor of specialty vehicle aftermarket equipment and accessories reaching most major markets in the u.s. and canada.
we are organized into four operating segments: wholesale - north america; europe; specialty; and self service, each of which is presented as a reportable segment. beginning in 2022, the wholesale - north america and self service operating segment results were separated from the previous reportable segment, north america, and each of wholesale - north america and self service is now a separate reportable segment. segment results have been adjusted retrospectively to reflect this change.
our operating results have fluctuated on a quarterly and annual basis in the past and can be expected to continue to fluctuate in the future as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. please refer to the factors referred to in forward-looking statements and risk factors above. due to these factors and others, which may be unknown to us at this time, our operating results in future periods can be expected to fluctuate. accordingly, our historical results of operations may not be indicative of future performance.
acquisitions and investments since our inception in 1998, we have pursued a growth strategy through both organic growth and acquisitions. through 2018, our acquisition strategy was focused on consolidation to build scale in fragmented markets across north america and europe. we targeted companies that were market leaders, expanded our geographic presence and enhanced our ability to provide a wide array of vehicle products through our distribution network. in the last few years, we have shifted our focus from larger transactions to acquisitions that target high synergies and/or add critical capabilities. additionally, we have made investments in various businesses to advance our strategic objectives. during the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we acquired various immaterial businesses across our wholesale - north america, europe, and specialty segments.
sources of revenue we report our revenue in two categories: (i) parts and services and (ii) other. our parts revenue is generated from the sale of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, and specialty products and accessories used to improve the performance, functionality and appearance of vehicles. our service revenue is generated primarily from the sale of service-type warranties, fees for admission to our self service yards, and diagnostic and repair services. during the year ended december 31, 2022, parts and services revenue represented approximately
93% of our consolidated revenue. revenue from other sources includes scrap and other metals (including precious metals - platinum, palladium and rhodium - contained in recycled parts such as catalytic converters) sales, bulk sales to mechanical manufacturers (including cores) and sales of aluminum ingots and sows from our furnace operations. other revenue will vary from period to period based on fluctuations in commodity prices and the volume of materials sold. see note 13, "revenue recognition" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information related to our sources of revenue.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("us gaap") requires management to make use of certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. historically, we have not made significant changes to the methods for determining these estimates as our actual results have not differed materially from our estimates. we do not believe it is reasonably likely that the estimates and related assumptions will change materially in the foreseeable future; however, actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions, judgments or conditions.
critical accounting estimates are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and which require us to make our most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting estimates addressed below. for additional information related to significant accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, see note 3, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
goodwill impairment description goodwill is obtained through business acquisitions and recorded at the estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. goodwill is not amortized but instead tested for impairment annually or sooner if events indicate that an impairment may exist. in performing this test, we compare the carrying value of the asset to its fair value. to derive the fair value for our reporting units which carry goodwill, we consider the use of various valuation techniques, with the primary technique being an income approach via a discounted cash flow method and another being a market approach via a guideline public company method. if the carrying value of these assets exceeds the estimated fair value, the asset is considered impaired and an impairment charge is recognized. in performing the test for impairment of goodwill, goodwill is allocated to the reporting units expected to benefit from the business combination.
judgments and uncertainties determining whether impairment indicators exist and estimating fair values as part of impairment testing require significant judgment. estimating the fair values of our reporting units which have goodwill requires the use of significant unobservable inputs, or level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value hierarchy. as part of applying the discounted cash flow method and guideline public company method, we use significant assumptions which include sales growth, operating margins, discount rates, perpetual growth rates and valuation multiples which consider our budgets, business plans, economic projections and marketplace data.
sensitivity of estimate to change the balance of our goodwill was $4,319 million and $4,540 million as of december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, respectively. we have not made material changes in the accounting methodology used to evaluate impairment of goodwill during the last three years. the assumptions used to assess impairment consider historical trends, macroeconomic conditions, and projections consistent with the company's operating strategy. changes in these estimates can have a significant impact on the assessment of fair value which could result in material impairment losses. during fiscal year 2022, we elected to perform a quantitative impairment test for our goodwill. no impairment charges were recorded as a result of the testing as the fair value of each goodwill reporting unit exceeded the calculated carrying value. a 10% decline in projected cash flows or a 10% increase in the discount rate would not have resulted in an impairment to goodwill.
recently issued accounting pronouncements see "recent accounting pronouncements" in note 3, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information related to new accounting standards.
financial information by geographic area see note 24, "segment and geographic information" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information related to our revenue and long-lived assets by geographic region.
1 lkq europe program we have undertaken the 1 lkq europe program to create structural centralization and standardization of key functions to facilitate the operation of the europe segment as a single business. under this multi-year program, we have recognized and expect to continue to recognize the following:
•restructuring expenses - non-recurring costs resulting directly from the implementation of the 1 lkq europe program from which the business will derive no ongoing benefit. see note 14, "restructuring and transaction related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further details.
•transformation expenses - period costs incurred to execute the 1 lkq europe program that are expected to contribute to ongoing benefits to the business (e.g., non-capitalizable implementation costs related to a common erp system). these expenses are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses.
•transformation capital expenditures - capitalizable costs for long-lived assets, such as software and facilities, that directly relate to the execution of the 1 lkq europe program.
costs related to the 1 lkq europe program incurred to date are reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses, restructuring and transaction related expenses and purchases of property, plant and equipment in our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we completed the organizational design and implementation projects in june 2021, with the remaining projects scheduled to be completed by the end of 2025. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we incurred $34 million in costs across all three categories noted above. we expect that costs of the program, reflecting all three categories noted above, will range between $50 million to $80 million in 2023 through the projected program completion date in 2025. in the future, we may also identify additional initiatives and projects under the 1 lkq europe program that may result in additional expenditures, although we are currently unable to estimate the range of charges for such potential future initiatives and projects. we expect the transformation and restructuring expenses will be entirely funded by trade working capital initiatives across our europe segment.
ukraine/russia conflict the russian invasion of ukraine and resulting global governmental response have impacted our business in 2022, and are expected to continue to impact our business in 2023. governmental sanctions imposed on russia have restricted our ability to sell to and collect from customers based in russia and belarus, and russian military activity in ukrainian territory has temporarily changed the way in which we operate in ukraine. many of our branches in ukraine have remained open, although operating at less than full capacity, during the conflict, while others have closed temporarily. as military operations shifted to the eastern part of the country, we were able to increase capacity in branches in the central and western territory, including our central warehouse in kyiv. we expect to continue operating in this manner unless conditions change. we currently do not expect the conflict to have a material impact on our ongoing results of operations or cash flows. our operations in ukraine represent approximately less than 1% of both our total annual revenue and total annual operating profit for fiscal year 2022 and comprised approximately $60 million of total assets as of december 31, 2022. in addition, lkq revenue from customers in russia and belarus represented less than 0.3% of our total revenue in 2021. as future developments in the conflict are difficult to predict and outside of our control, it is possible that the estimates underlying our financials may change significantly in future periods.
covid-19 impact on our operations covid-19 impacted our operations beginning in february 2020. for additional information on the effects, refer to the discussion in our segment results of operations in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k.
key performance indicators we believe that organic revenue growth, segment ebitda and free cash flow are key performance indicators for our business. segment ebitda is our key measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by our chief operating decision maker. free cash flow is a financial measure that is not prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("non-gaap").
•organic revenue growth - we define organic revenue growth as total revenue growth from continuing operations excluding the effects of acquisitions and divestitures (i.e., revenue generated from the date of acquisition to the first anniversary of that acquisition, net of reduced revenue due to the disposal of businesses) and foreign currency movements (i.e., impact of translating revenue at different exchange rates). organic revenue growth includes incremental sales from both existing and new (i.e., opened within the last twelve months) locations and is derived from expanding business with existing customers, securing new customers and offering additional products and services. we believe that organic revenue growth is a key performance indicator as this statistic measures our ability to serve and grow our customer base successfully.
•segment ebitda - see note 24, "segment and geographic information" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for a description of the calculation of segment ebitda. we believe that segment ebitda provides useful information to evaluate our segment profitability by focusing on the indicators of ongoing operational results.
•free cash flow - we calculate free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, less purchases of property, plant and equipment. free cash flow provides insight into our liquidity and provides useful information to management and investors concerning cash flow available to meet future debt service obligations and working capital requirements, make strategic acquisitions, repurchase stock, and pay dividends.
these three key performance indicators are used as targets in determining incentive compensation at various levels of the organization, including senior management. by using these performance measures, we attempt to motivate a balanced approach to the business that rewards growth, profitability and cash flow generation in a manner that enhances our long-term prospects.
results of operations-consolidated the following table sets forth statements of income data as a percentage of total revenue for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                               2021                    2020
revenue                                                                               100.0   %               100.0   %               100.0   %
cost of goods sold                                                                     59.2   %                59.3   %                60.5   %
gross margin                                                                           40.8   %                40.7   %                39.5   %
selling, general and administrative expenses                                           27.7   %                27.3   %                28.1   %
restructuring and transaction related expenses                                          0.2   %                 0.2   %                 0.6   %
(gain) on disposal of businesses and impairment of net assets held for sale           (1.2)   %                   -   %                   -   %
depreciation and amortization                                                           1.8   %                 2.0   %                 2.3   %
operating income                                                                       12.4   %                11.3   %                 8.5   %
total other expense, net                                                                0.5   %                 0.6   %                 0.9   %
income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes                    11.9   %                10.7   %                 7.6   %
provision for income taxes                                                              3.0   %                 2.5   %                 2.1   %
equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries                                       0.1   %                 0.2   %                   -   %
income from continuing operations                                                       8.9   %                 8.3   %                 5.5   %
net income from discontinued operations                                                   -   %                   -   %                   -   %
net income                                                                              9.0   %                 8.3   %                 5.5   %
less: net income attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest                       -   %                   -   %                   -   %
net income attributable to lkq stockholders                                             9.0   %                 8.3   %                 5.5   %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
year ended december 31, 2022 compared to year ended december 31, 2021
revenue the following table summarizes the changes in revenue by category (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                percentage change in revenue
2022                                                                          2021                       organic                        acquisition and divestiture                       foreign exchange                        total change parts &amp; services revenue          $11,933                         $12,141                           5.0    %                                  (1.2)           %                          (5.5)       %                        (1.7)      %
other revenue                             861                             948                         (7.5)    %                                  (1.3)           %                          (0.4)       %                        (9.2)      %
total revenue                         $12,794                         $13,089                           4.1    %                                  (1.2)           %                          (5.1)       %                        (2.3)      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
the decline in parts and services revenue of 1.7% represented decreases in segment revenue of 5.3% in europe and 4.1% in specialty, partially offset by increases of 9.8% in self service and 4.2% in wholesale - north america. this overall decrease was driven by a 5.5% decrease due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and a 1.2% net reduction from divestitures. this was partially offset by organic parts and services revenue growth of 5.0%, which included a 0.2% negative effect from one fewer selling day for the year ended december 31, 2022, and overall per day organic growth of 5.2%. the decrease in other revenue of 9.2% was primarily driven by a decrease in organic revenue of $71 million, attributable to a $78 million decrease in our self service segment, partially offset by an $8 million increase in our wholesale - north america segment. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021.
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold decreased to 59.2% of revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022 from 59.3% of revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021. cost of goods sold reflects a decrease of 0.2% related to improved gross margin in our wholesale - north america segment and 0.2% attributable to mix as a greater portion of sales are coming from wholesale - north america, partially offset by an increase of 0.4% from our self service segment. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021.
selling, general and administrative expenses our selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses as a percentage of revenue increased to 27.7% for the year ended december 31, 2022 from 27.3% for the year ended december 31, 2021. the sg&a expense increase primarily reflects impacts of 0.2% related to each of our self service and specialty segments. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in sg&a expenses as a percentage of revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021.
restructuring and transaction related expenses the following table summarizes restructuring and transaction related expenses for the periods indicated (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                        2021                     change restructuring expenses                                    $15                 (1)       $17              (2)      $(2)
transaction related expenses                                5                 (3)         3              (3)         2
restructuring and transaction related expenses            $20                           $20                         $-
(1)restructuring expenses for the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily consisted of (i) $11 million related to our global restructuring plans and (ii) $3 million related to our acquisition integration plans.
(2)    restructuring expenses for the year ended december 31, 2021 primarily consisted of (i) $11 million related to our global restructuring plans and (ii) $6 million related to our 1 lkq europe plan.
(3)    transaction related expenses for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily related to external costs such as legal, accounting and advisory fees for completed and potential transactions.
see note 14, "restructuring and transaction related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our restructuring and acquisition integration plans.
(gain) on disposal of businesses and impairment of net assets held for sale during the year ended december 31, 2022, we recorded a $159 million pretax gain from divestitures including $155 million ($127 million after tax) from the sale of pgw and $4 million from the sale of a business within our self service segment. see "other divestitures (not classified in discontinued operations)" in note 2, "discontinued operations and divestitures" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our gain on disposal of businesses.
depreciation and amortization the following table summarizes depreciation and amortization for the periods indicated (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                      2021   change depreciation                           $142                          $156        $(14)                (1)
amortization                             95                           104        (9)                  (2)
depreciation and amortization          $237                          $260        $(23)
(1)the decrease in depreciation expense included $7 million from foreign currency translation primarily related to a decrease in the euro and pound sterling rates for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year period and $5 million related to divestiture of businesses (primarily pgw) with the remaining decrease due to individually immaterial factors.
(2)the decrease in amortization expense primarily reflected (i) a $8 million decrease from foreign exchange translation, primarily related to a decrease in the euro exchange rate, (ii) a decrease of $4 million primarily related to the customer relationship intangible assets recorded upon our acquisition of stahlgruber as the accelerated amortization of the customer relationship intangible assets resulted in lower amortization expense for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year period, and (iii) other individually insignificant decreases which in the aggregate had a $2 million impact, partially offset by (iv) a $5 million increase related to software amortization.
total other expense, net the following table summarizes total other expense, net for the periods indicated (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                               2021                  change interest expense                                 $78                           $72                      $6              (1)
loss on debt extinguishment                        -                            24                    (24)              (2)
interest income and other income, net           (15)                          (21)        6                             (3)
total other expense, net                         $63                           $75                   $(12)
(1)interest expense increased primarily due to (i) a $10 million increase from higher interest rates in the second half of the year (especially the fourth quarter) and higher outstanding debt for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, partially offset by (ii) a $6 million decrease from foreign exchange translation, primarily related to a decrease in the euro exchange rate.
(2)the $24 million decrease in loss on debt extinguishment is due to the charge recorded in april 2021 related to the redemption of the euro notes (2026).
(3)the decrease in interest income and other income, net is primarily comprised of (i) a decrease related to a $16 million change in our fair value adjustments for equity investments not accounted for under the equity method and (ii) a decrease related to a $4 million change in foreign currency gains and losses, partially offset by (iii) a $5 million increase in interest income and (iv) other individually insignificant increases which in the aggregate had a $9 million favorable impact.
provision for income taxes our effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2022 was 25.3%, compared to 23.6% for the year ended december 31, 2021. the base rate for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased when compared to the year ended december 31, 2021 due to shifts in the geographic distribution of pretax income in the current year and an unfavorable impact of 0.6% related to non-deductible expenses. additionally, the change in valuation allowances was a 0.4% unfavorable effect on the rate compared to a 0.8% benefit in 2021 primarily from the reversal of valuation allowances on certain interest deduction carryforwards in europe. the discrete effect of the pgw divestiture favorably adjusted the base rate in 2022 by 0.9%. see note 23, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries for the year ended december 31, 2022 decreased by $12 million primarily related to a decline in year over year results reported by mekonomen, which is our largest equity method investment, and the negative year over year effect resulting from the divestiture of a self service investment in the second quarter of 2022.
foreign currency impact we translate our statements of income at the average exchange rates in effect for the period. relative to the rates used for the year ended december 31, 2021, the euro, pound sterling, czech koruna, and canadian dollar rates used to translate the 2022 statements of income decreased by 10.9%, 10.1%, 6.9%, and 3.6%, respectively. the negative translation effect of the change in foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar combined with the negative impact of realized and unrealized currency gains and losses for the year ended december 31, 2022 resulted in a $0.14 negative effect on diluted earnings per share relative to the prior year period.
year ended december 31, 2021 compared to year ended december 31, 2020
revenue the following table summarizes the changes in revenue by category (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                percentage change in revenue
2021                                                                          2020                       organic                        acquisition and divestiture                       foreign exchange                        total change parts &amp; services revenue          $12,141                         $10,964                           7.9    %                                    0.3           %                            2.5       %                         10.7      %
other revenue                             948                             665                          42.3    %                                      -           %                            0.2       %                         42.5      %
total revenue                         $13,089                         $11,629                           9.8    %                                    0.3           %                            2.4       %                         12.6      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
the growth in parts and services revenue of 10.7% represented increases in segment revenue of 23.8% in specialty, 10.3% in europe, 6.6% in wholesale - north america and 1.7% in self service. organic parts and services revenue growth was 7.9%, which included a 0.4% negative effect from one fewer selling day for the year ended december 31, 2021, resulting in per day organic growth of 8.3%. the increase in other revenue of 42.5% was primarily driven by a $281 million organic increase, largely attributable to our self service and wholesale - north america segments. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020.
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold decreased to 59.3% of revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021 from 60.5% of revenue for the year ended december 31, 2020. the cost of goods sold decrease reflects impacts of 0.7% and 0.6% in our europe and wholesale - north america segments, respectively, partially offset by a 0.2% increase in our self service segment. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020.
selling, general and administrative expenses our sg&a expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 27.3% for the year ended december 31, 2021 from 28.1% for the year ended december 31, 2020. the sg&a expense decrease reflects impacts of 0.4% in each of our europe and self service segments and 0.2% attributable to mix. the mix impact was a result of the increased revenues in our specialty segment, as the lower sg&a expense percentage for the specialty segment made up a larger percentage of the consolidated results, which had a favorable effect on sg&a expense as a percentage of revenue. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in sg&a expenses as a percentage of revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020.
restructuring and transaction related expenses the following table summarizes restructuring and transaction related expenses for the periods indicated (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                        2020                     change restructuring expenses                                    $17                 (1)       $58              (2)     $(41)
transaction related expenses                                3                 (3)         8              (4)       (5)
restructuring and transaction related expenses            $20                           $66                      $(46)
(1)restructuring expenses for the year ended december 31, 2021 primarily consisted of (i) $11 million related to our global restructuring plans and (ii) $6 million related to our 1 lkq europe plan.
(2)    restructuring expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily consisted of (i) $49 million related to our global restructuring plans and (ii) $9 million related to our acquisition integration plans.
(3)    transaction related expenses for the year ended december 31, 2021 primarily relate to professional fees related to completed and potential transactions.
(4)    transaction related expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily consisted of an $8 million adjustment for the resolution of a purchase price matter related to the stahlgruber transaction for an amount above our prior estimate.
see note 14, "restructuring and transaction related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our restructuring and integration plans.
(gain) on disposal of businesses and impairment of net assets held for sale for the year ended december 31, 2021, we recorded immaterial impairment charges on net assets held for sale, compared to $3 million of net impairment charges on net assets held for sale for the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily attributable to our europe segment. see "net assets held for sale" in note 3, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the net loss on disposals and impairment charges.
depreciation and amortization the following table summarizes depreciation and amortization for the periods indicated (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                      2020   change depreciation                           $156                          $153        $3                   (1)
amortization                            104                           119        (15)                 (2)
depreciation and amortization          $260                          $272        $(12)
(1)the increase in depreciation expense primarily reflected (i) $3 million from foreign currency translation primarily related to an increase in the euro and pound sterling exchange rates.
(2)the decrease in amortization expense primarily reflected (i) a decrease of $16 million related to the customer relationship intangible assets recorded upon our acquisition of stahlgruber as the accelerated amortization of the customer relationship intangible assets resulted in lower amortization expense for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the prior year period, partially offset by (ii) a $3 million increase from foreign currency translation, primarily related to an increase in the euro exchange rate for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the prior year period.
total other expense, net the following table summarizes the components of the change in total other expense, net (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                               2020            change interest expense                                 $72                          $104                 $(32)                (1)
loss on debt extinguishment                       24                            13        11                            (2)
interest income and other income, net           (21)                          (16)                 (5)                  (3)
total other expense, net                         $75                          $101                 $(26)
(1)the lower interest expense is primarily related to (i) a $32 million decrease resulting from lower outstanding debt and lower interest rates for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the prior year period, partially offset by (ii) a $2 million increase from foreign currency translation, primarily related to an increase in the euro exchange rate.
(2)the $11 million increase in loss on debt extinguishment is due to a $24 million charge recorded in april 2021 related to the redemption of the euro notes (2026) compared to a $13 million charge related to the redemption of the u.s. notes (2023) in january 2020. refer to "euro notes (2026/2028)" and "u.s. notes (2023)" in note 18, "long-term obligations" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information related to the redemption of the euro notes (2026) and u.s. notes (2023).
(3)the increase in interest income and other income, net primarily related to (i) $11 million of fair value adjustments in 2021 for appreciation in our equity investments not accounted for under the equity method, (ii) $6 million in pension settlement losses in the prior year related to our primary defined benefit plan in the u.s. (the "u.s. plan"), (iii) several individually immaterial factors that had a favorable impact of $1 million in the aggregate, partially offset by (iv) an $8 million reduction in proceeds related to insurance settlements compared to the prior year and (v) a $5 million reduction due to a decrease in non-operating income from a north american contract.
provision for income taxes our effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2021 was 23.6%, compared to 28.2% for the comparable prior year period. the 2021 base rate decreased due to higher pretax income in our international operations in the current year. additionally, the lower annual effective tax rate for 2021 included a 0.8% rate benefit primarily from the reversal of valuation allowances on certain interest deduction carryforwards in europe because of improved profitability and lower interest expense. the prior year rate was increased by 1.7% due to valuation allowances on the tax benefit of net operating loss and interest deduction carryforwards in certain jurisdictions where realization was uncertain. see note 23, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased by $18 million related to improved year over year results reported by mekonomen, which is our largest equity method investment, and a self service investment, which generated income in 2021 after posting losses in 2020.
foreign currency impact we translate our statements of income at the average exchange rates in effect for the period. relative to the rate used for the year ended december 31, 2020, pound sterling, canadian dollar, czech koruna and euro rates used to translate the 2021 statements of income increased by 7.1%, 6.9%, 6.7% and 3.6%, respectively. the positive translation effect of the change in foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar combined with the positive impact of realized and unrealized currency gains and losses for the year ended december 31, 2021 resulted in a $0.03 positive effect on diluted earnings per share relative to the prior year period.
net income attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest.
net income attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest for the year ended december 31, 2021 decreased $1 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020.
results of operations-segment reporting we have four reportable segments: wholesale - north america, europe, specialty and self service.
we have presented the growth of our revenue and profitability in our operations on both an as reported and a constant currency basis. the constant currency presentation, which is a non-gaap measure, excludes the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. we believe providing constant currency information provides valuable supplemental information regarding our growth and profitability, consistent with how we evaluate our performance, as this statistic removes the translation impact of exchange rate fluctuations, which are outside of our control and do not reflect our operational performance. constant currency revenue and segment ebitda results are calculated by translating prior year revenue and segment ebitda in local currency using the current year's currency conversion rate. this non-gaap financial measure has important limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported under us gaap. our use of this term may vary from the use of similarly-titled measures by other issuers due to potential inconsistencies in the method of calculation and differences due to items subject to interpretation. in addition, not all companies that report revenue or profitability on a constant currency basis calculate such measures in the same manner as we do, and accordingly, our calculations are not necessarily comparable to similarly-named measures of other companies and may not be appropriate measures for performance relative to other companies.
the following table presents our financial performance, including third party revenue, total revenue and segment ebitda, by reportable segment for the periods indicated (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2022                      % of total segment revenue                            2021                      % of total segment revenue                            2020                      % of total segment revenue third party revenue wholesale - north america                          $4,556                                                                          $4,376                                                                          $4,039
europe                                              5,735                                                                           6,062                                                                           5,492
specialty                                           1,788                                                                           1,864                                                                           1,505
self service                                          715                                                                             787                                                                             593
total third party revenue                         $12,794                                                                         $13,089                                                                         $11,629
total revenue wholesale - north america                          $4,556                                                                          $4,379                                                                          $4,040
europe                                              5,735                                                                           6,062                                                                           5,492
specialty                                           1,791                                                                           1,867                                                                           1,509
self service                                          715                                                                             787                                                                             593
eliminations                                          (3)                                                                             (6)                                                                             (5)
total revenue                                     $12,794                                                                         $13,089                                                                         $11,629
segment ebitda wholesale - north america                            $852                                      18.7          %                       $769                                      17.6          %                       $665                                      16.5          %
europe                                                585                                      10.2          %                        618                                      10.2          %                        428                                       7.8          %
specialty                                             199                                      11.1          %                        223                                      12.0          %                        163                                      10.8          %
self service                                           83                                      11.7          %                        175                                      22.3          %                        113                                      19.1          %
note: in the table above, the percentages of total segment revenue may not recalculate due to rounding.
the key measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by our chief operating decision maker, our chief executive officer, is segment ebitda. segment ebitda includes revenue and expenses that are controllable by the segment. corporate general and administrative expenses are allocated to the segments based on usage, with shared expenses apportioned based on the segment's percentage of consolidated revenue. we calculate segment ebitda as ebitda excluding restructuring and transaction related expenses (which includes restructuring expenses recorded in cost of goods sold); change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities; other gains and losses related to acquisitions, equity method investments, or divestitures; equity in losses and earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries; equity investment fair value adjustments; impairment charges; and direct impacts of the ukraine/russia conflict and related sanctions (including provisions for and subsequent adjustments to reserves for asset recoverability and expenditures to support our employees and their families). ebitda, which is the basis for segment ebitda, is calculated as net income excluding discontinued operations, depreciation, amortization, interest (which includes gains and losses on debt extinguishment) and income tax expense. see note 24, "segment and geographic information" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for a reconciliation of total segment ebitda to net income.
year ended december 31, 2022 compared to year ended december 31, 2021
wholesale - north america third party revenue the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our wholesale - north america segment (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                percentage change in revenue wholesale - north america                     2022                            2021                       organic                        acquisition and divestiture                       foreign exchange                        total change parts &amp; services revenue           $4,207                          $4,037                          11.4    %            (1)                   (7.0)           %            (3)           (0.2)       %                          4.2      %
other revenue                             349                             339                           2.5    %            (2)                     0.4           %                          (0.1)       %                          2.8      %
total third party revenue              $4,556                          $4,376                          10.7    %                                  (6.4)           %                          (0.2)       %                          4.1      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)parts and services organic revenue increased 11.4% for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, primarily driven by pricing initiatives which focused on offsetting inflation on input costs. aftermarket collision parts volumes decreased for the year ended december 31, 2022, due to ocean freight delays and supply chain challenges in the first half of the year. as these issues eased in the second half, aftermarket collision parts volumes showed year over year improvement. recycled parts volume from our salvage business was roughly flat year over year.
(2)organic other revenue increased 2.5%, or $8 million, related to (i) a $22 million increase in revenue from other scrap (e.g., aluminum) and cores due to higher prices as well as higher volumes, partially offset by (ii) a $9 million decrease in revenue from precious metals (platinum, palladium, and rhodium) primarily due to lower prices partially offset by higher volumes and (iii) a $5 million decrease in revenue from scrap steel due to lower prices partially offset by higher volumes.
(3)acquisition and divestiture revenue was a net decrease of $281 million primarily due to the divestiture of pgw in the second quarter of 2022. see "other divestitures (not classified in discontinued operations)" in note 2, "discontinued operations and divestitures" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the divestiture of pgw.
segment ebitda segment ebitda increased $83 million, or 10.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, despite the $18 million negative year over year effect related to the pgw business, which we divested in the second quarter of 2022. the increase is attributable to higher prices on parts and productivity initiatives helping to offset inflationary pressures related to ocean freight, labor, supplies and fuel. the increase was partially offset by decreases attributable to precious metals and scrap steel. we estimate that precious metals and scrap steel pricing had an unfavorable effect of $41 million, or 0.8%, on segment ebitda margin relative to the comparable prior year period.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our wholesale - north america segment:
wholesale - north america                                                                        percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2021                                                               17.6             %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                             0.6             %                              (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                               0.4             %                              (2)
change in other income and expenses, net                                                                           0.1             %
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2022                                                               18.7             %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)the increase in gross margin of 0.6% was driven by (i) a 0.6% mix benefit resulting from the pgw divestiture in the second quarter and (ii) productivity and pricing initiatives which focused on offsetting inflation on product cost and inbound freight, partially offset by (iii) an unfavorable impact of 0.6% from a decrease in commodity prices.
(2)the decrease in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue primarily reflects favorable impacts of (i) 0.3% related to personnel costs due to lower incentive compensation, (ii) 0.2% from lower charitable contributions, and (iii) other individually immaterial factors representing a 0.2% favorable impact in the aggregate, partially offset by (iv) a 0.3% unfavorable impact related to professional fees.
europe third party revenue the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our europe segment (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                   percentage change in revenue europe                                        2022                            2021                       organic                        acquisition and divestiture                      foreign exchange (2)                        total change parts &amp; services revenue           $5,711                          $6,033                           5.1    %            (1)                     0.4           %                           (10.8)        %                        (5.3)      %
other revenue                              24                              29                         (6.1)    %                                      -           %                           (11.9)        %                       (18.0)      %
total third party revenue              $5,735                          $6,062                           5.0    %                                    0.4           %                           (10.8)        %                        (5.4)      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)parts and services organic revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased by 5.1% (5.6% on a per day basis), primarily driven by pricing initiatives which focused on offsetting inflation on input costs across all geographies. the organic revenue growth across most of our european operations was partially offset by 0.4% of a negative effect on certain operations and product lines due to the ukraine/russia conflict.
(2)exchange rates decreased our revenue growth by $654 million, or 10.8%, primarily due to the stronger u.s. dollar against the euro, pound sterling and czech koruna for the year ended december 31, 2022 relative to the prior year.
segment ebitda segment ebitda decreased $33 million, or 5.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. our europe segment ebitda included a negative year over year impact of $71 million related to the translation of local currency results into u.s. dollars at lower exchange rates than those experienced during the year ended december 31, 2021. on a constant currency basis (i.e., excluding the translation impact), segment ebitda increased $38 million, or 6.1%, compared to the prior year. refer to the foreign currency impact discussion within the results of operations-consolidated section above for further detail regarding foreign currency impact on our results for the year ended december 31, 2022.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our europe segment:
europe                                                                                           percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2021                                                               10.2             %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                             0.1             %                              (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                             (0.1)             %                              (2)
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2022                                                               10.2             %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)the increase in gross margin was primarily attributable to favorable impacts of pricing initiatives and margin improvement initiatives undertaken to support profitable revenue growth despite inflationary pressures.
(2)the increase in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue primarily reflects unfavorable impacts of (i) 0.4% from increased freight, vehicle, and fuel expenses due to inflationary pressures and supply chain constraints and (ii) 0.2% from increased personnel costs primarily due to inflationary pressures, partially offset by (iii) other individually immaterial factors representing a 0.5% favorable impact in the aggregate.
specialty third party revenue the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our specialty segment (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                         percentage change in revenue specialty                           2022             2021                                           organic (1)                      acquisition and divestiture (2)                       foreign exchange                       total change parts &amp; services revenue        $1,788                          $1,864                          (9.9)       %     6.1                                      %                           (0.3)           %                      (4.1)         %
other revenue                       -                               -                               -           %                    -                         %                           -               %                      -             %
total third party revenue           $1,788                          $1,864                          (9.9)       %     6.1                                      %                           (0.3)           %                      (4.1)         %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)parts and services organic revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022, decreased by 9.9% due to strong comparative growth for the year ended december 31, 2021, when parts and services organic revenue growth was 20.2%; demand softness from lower new vehicle sales caused by supply chain challenges; and a decrease in drop shipment volumes.
(2)acquisition related growth for the year ended december 31, 2022 reflected revenue from our acquisitions of three specialty businesses from the beginning of 2021 through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition dates.
segment ebitda segment ebitda decreased $24 million, or 10.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to the organic revenue decline and the negative effect of inflation on overhead expenses.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our specialty segment:
specialty                                                                                        percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2021                                                               12.0             %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                             0.5             %                              (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                             (1.4)             %                              (2)
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2022                                                               11.1             %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)the increase in gross margin primarily was driven by pricing initiatives which focused on offsetting inflation on input costs and lower customer rebate levels due to lower customer attainment of rebate targets, partially offset by a 0.8% unfavorable impact from acquisitions.
(2)the increase in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue primarily reflects unfavorable impacts of (i) 0.8% in personnel costs primarily as a result of wage inflation and lower operating leverage due to the organic parts and services revenue decline, (ii) 0.5% in vehicle and fuel expenses primarily due to higher fuel costs, (iii) 0.3% in fixed facility expenses as a result of lower operating leverage due to the organic parts and services revenue decline, and (iv) several individually immaterial factors that had an unfavorable impact of 0.4% in the aggregate, partially offset by (v) a favorable impact of 0.6% from operating expense synergies and leverage generated from the 2021 acquisitions.
self service third party revenue the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our self service segment (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                     percentage change in revenue self service                                2022                          2021                         organic                        acquisition and divestiture(3)                       foreign exchange                        total change parts &amp; services revenue           $227                          $207                             9.9    %            (1)                     (0.1)            %                              -       %                          9.8      %
other revenue                           488                           580                          (13.4)    %            (2)                     (2.4)            %                              -       %                       (15.8)      %
total third party revenue              $715                          $787                           (7.3)    %                                    (1.8)            %                              -       %                        (9.1)      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)parts and services organic revenue increased 9.9% for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, primarily driven by pricing initiatives which focused on offsetting inflation on input costs resulting from greater competition for vehicles.
(2)other organic revenue decreased 13.4%, or $78 million, year over year due to (i) a $58 million decrease in revenue from precious metals (platinum, palladium, and rhodium) due to lower prices and, to a lesser extent, lower volumes, and (ii) a $33 million decrease in revenue from scrap steel due to lower volumes and, to a lesser extent, lower prices, partially offset by (iii) a $13 million increase in revenue from other scrap (including aluminum) and cores primarily related to higher prices.
(3)acquisition and divestiture revenue was a net decrease of $14 million, or 1.8% primarily due to the divestiture of a business in the third quarter of 2022. see "other divestitures (not classified in discontinued operations)" in note 2, "discontinued operations and divestitures" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the divestiture.
segment ebitda segment ebitda decreased $92 million, or 52.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. the decrease is primarily attributable to unfavorable movements in commodity prices compared to the prior year. decreases in precious metals prices contributed an estimated $34 million decline in segment ebitda relative to the year ended december 31, 2021. in addition, net sequential changes in scrap steel prices in our self service operations had a $15 million unfavorable impact on segment ebitda during the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to a $26 million favorable impact during the year ended december 31, 2021. the unfavorable impacts for the year ended december 31, 2022 resulted from the decrease in scrap steel prices between the date we purchased a vehicle, which influences the price we pay for a vehicle, and the date we scrapped a vehicle, which influences the price we receive for scrapping a vehicle. we estimate that precious metals and scrap steel pricing had an unfavorable effect of 8.6% on segment ebitda margin relative to the comparable prior year period.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our self service segment:
self service                                                                                     percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2021                                                               22.3             %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                           (6.6)             %                              (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                             (4.1)             %                              (2)
change in other income and expenses, net                                                                           0.1             %
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2022                                                               11.7             %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)the decrease in gross margin reflects (i) an unfavorable impact of 7.1% resulting from movements in metals prices partially offset by (ii) a net favorable impact due to pricing initiatives for parts and services implemented to mitigate the effects of higher car costs.
(2)the increase in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue reflects (i) a negative leverage effect of 2.9% from decreases in metals revenue (ii) an unfavorable impact of 0.4% due to higher advertising expense, and (iii) other individually immaterial factors representing a 0.8% unfavorable impact in the aggregate.
year ended december 31, 2021 compared to year ended december 31, 2020
wholesale - north america third party revenue the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our wholesale - north america segment (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                percentage change in revenue wholesale - north america                     2021                            2020                       organic                        acquisition and divestiture                       foreign exchange                        total change parts &amp; services revenue           $4,037                          $3,786                           5.8    %            (1)                     0.4           %                            0.4       %                          6.6      %
other revenue                             339                             253                          33.3    %            (2)                     0.1           %                            0.4       %                         33.8      %
total third party revenue              $4,376                          $4,039                           7.5    %                                    0.4           %                            0.4       %                          8.3      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)parts and services organic revenue increased 5.8% (6.7% on a per day basis) for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by pricing and growth from recycled and remanufactured major mechanical parts and aftermarket automotive glass products. while mobility statistics improved relative to 2020, aftermarket collision parts revenue was roughly flat year-over-year due to the constraints on availability of parts caused by supply chain issues in 2021.
(2)the $84 million year over year organic increase in other revenue is primarily related to (i) a $36 million increase in revenue from other scrap and cores primarily related to higher prices and higher volumes, (ii) a $24 million increase in revenue from scrap steel due to higher prices and to a lesser extent, higher volumes, (iii) a $24 million increase in revenue from precious metals (platinum, palladium, and rhodium) primarily due to higher prices.
segment ebitda segment ebitda increased $104 million, or 15.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 despite the impact of two fewer selling days compared to the prior year period. this increase is attributable to margin initiatives, rightsizing actions, metals prices and the favorable effect from the revenue recovery compared to the prior year when the covid-19 impact was more severe. these were partially offset by negative impacts due to aftermarket fill rates and inflationary increases in costs. increases in precious metals prices contributed an estimated $18 million increase in segment ebitda relative to the year ended december 31, 2020. additionally, net sequential increases in scrap steel prices in our salvage operations had a $16 million favorable impact on segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to a $3 million favorable impact for the year ended december 31, 2020. we estimate that precious metals and scrap steel pricing had a favorable effect of $31 million, or 0.6%, on segment ebitda margin relative to the comparable prior year period.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our wholesale - north america segment:
wholesale - north america                                                                                                                  percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2020                                                                                                         16.5             %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                                                                       1.8             %                              (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                                                                       (0.5)             %                              (2)
change in other expense, net and net income attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest                                                             (0.2)             %                              (3)
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2021                                                                                                         17.6             %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)    the increase in gross margin was favorable primarily due to the positive impact of higher precious metals and scrap steel prices, pricing initiatives and cost reductions from operational efficiencies and rightsizing efforts. compared to the prior year, input costs have risen, with (i) inflationary pressures impacting product and freight costs in aftermarket and (ii) limited supply combined with heightened competition at auctions contributing to higher salvage costs. we are adjusting prices dynamically to address input cost increases and market conditions such as inventory availability and demand, and, in some cases, we experienced a margin benefit in 2021 as higher prices were enacted ahead of turning the higher cost inventory.
(2)    the increase in segment operating expense as a percentage of revenue primarily reflects (i) an unfavorable impact of 0.6% related to personnel costs due to higher incentive compensation, (ii) an unfavorable impact of 0.2% for increased charitable contributions, partially offset by (iii) a positive leverage effect of 0.2% from facility expenses, which are largely fixed, and (iv) several other immaterial favorable factors totaling 0.1%.
(3)    the unfavorable impact in other expense, net and net income attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest of 0.2% was primarily related to higher insurance proceeds received for the year ended december 31, 2020.
europe third party revenue the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our europe segment (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                      percentage change in revenue europe                                        2021                            2020                       organic                       acquisition and divestiture (2)                      foreign exchange (3)                        total change parts &amp; services revenue           $6,033                          $5,470                           6.2    %            (1)                     (0.4)            %                              4.6        %                         10.3      %
other revenue                              29                              22                          24.1    %                                        -            %                              5.5        %                         29.6      %
total third party revenue              $6,062                          $5,492                           6.2    %                                    (0.4)            %                              4.6        %                         10.4      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)parts and services organic revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased by 6.2% as the negative pandemic effect on volume in 2020 was more severe than in 2021. not all regions were impacted by the pandemic at the same time and to the same degree as in 2020, and the easing of lockdown measures has varied across the continent in 2021. these conditions created a different growth profile for each of our european businesses. while most of our businesses reported year over year growth, central and eastern europe, the u.k. and benelux reported the largest incremental increases for the year ended december 31, 2021.
(2)acquisition and divestiture related decline for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily as a result of the disposals of a non-core telecommunications operation in germany in the second quarter of 2020 and five additional smaller disposals in 2021 and 2020.
(3)compared to the prior year, exchange rates increased our revenue growth by $251 million, or 4.6%, primarily due to the weaker u.s. dollar against the euro, pound sterling and czech koruna for the year ended december 31, 2021 relative to the prior year period.
segment ebitda segment ebitda increased $190 million, or 44.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. our europe segment ebitda included a positive year over year impact of $20 million related to the translation of local currency results into u.s. dollars at higher exchange rates than those experienced for the year ended december 31, 2020. on a constant currency basis (i.e., excluding the translation impact), segment ebitda increased by $170 million, or 39.8%, compared to the prior year. refer to the foreign currency impact discussion within the results of operations-consolidated section above for further detail regarding foreign currency impact on our results for the year ended december 31, 2021.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our europe segment:
europe                                                                                                                                     percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2020                                                                                                          7.8             %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                                                                       1.5             %                              (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                                                                         0.8             %                              (2)
change in other expense, net and net income attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest                                                               0.1             %
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2021                                                                                                         10.2             %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)    the increase in gross margin was primarily attributable to a favorable impact of 1.4% as a result of net price increases implemented in response to inflationary pressures that are impacting product and freight costs and other margin improvement initiatives related to procurement. additionally, there was a 0.2% benefit from the disposal of non-core operations in 2020.
(2)    the decrease in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue reflects favorable impacts of (i) 0.4% from bad debt expense due to customers' improved solvency and an increase in reserve in the prior year related to the covid-19 pandemic, (ii) 0.3% from freight, vehicle and fuel expenses due to higher internet and mail order sales in the prior year, which have higher freight costs, and (iii) several individually immaterial factors that had a favorable impact of 0.3% in the aggregate. these were partially offset by personnel costs that had an unfavorable impact of 0.2% compared to the prior year due to government grants received in the prior year to cover employee costs in countries such as the u.k. and germany (a lesser amount was received in 2021) and increased incentive compensation that was partially offset by a favorable leverage effect and headcount reductions.
specialty third party revenue the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our specialty segment (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                                             percentage change in revenue specialty                           2021             2020                                               organic (1)                       acquisition and divestiture (2)                       foreign exchange                        total change parts &amp; services revenue        $1,864                          $1,505                               20.2     %                                      3.0            %                            0.6       %                         23.8      %
other revenue                       -                               -                                       -     %                                        -            %                              -       %                            -      %
total third party revenue           $1,864                          $1,505                               20.2     %                                      3.0            %                            0.6       %                         23.8      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)parts and services organic revenue increased 20.2% (21.1% on a per day basis) for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the prior year despite two fewer selling days. the organic increase was primarily due to strong demand for our products across all channels of our business. we believe the revenue growth was driven by our competitive advantage with our delivery service teams that enabled us to keep up with the strong demand and have more available inventory than our competitors.
(2)acquisition related growth for 2021 reflected revenue from our acquisitions of four specialty businesses since the beginning of 2020 through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition dates.
segment ebitda segment ebitda increased $60 million, or 37.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the prior year primarily due to increased revenue as noted above and expanded margin as discussed below.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our specialty segment:
specialty                                                                                        percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2020                                                               10.8             %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                             0.9             %                              (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                               0.2             %                              (2)
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2021                                                               12.0             %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)    the increase in gross margin primarily reflects lower discounting to recover increased input costs and, to a lesser extent, favorable product and channel mix.
(2)    the decrease in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue reflects a favorable impact of (i) 0.3% in personnel costs, partially offset by (ii) an unfavorable impact of 0.2% due to increased incentive compensation.
self service third party revenue the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our self service segment (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                percentage change in revenue self service                                2021                          2020                       organic                        acquisition and divestiture                       foreign exchange                        total change parts &amp; services revenue           $207                          $203                           1.7    %            (1)                       -           %                              -       %                          1.7      %
other revenue                           580                           390                          49.0    %            (2)                       -           %                              -       %                         49.0      %
total third party revenue              $787                          $593                          32.8    %                                      -           %                              -       %                         32.8      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)parts and services organic revenue increased 1.7% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by pricing initiatives.
(2)the 49.0%, or $190 million, year over year decrease in other revenue is related to (i) a $109 million increase in revenue from scrap steel related to higher prices, (ii) a $56 million increase in revenue from precious metals (platinum, palladium, and rhodium) due to higher prices, and (iii) a $25 million increase in revenue from other scrap (including aluminum) and cores primarily related to higher prices.
segment ebitda segment ebitda increased $62 million, or 54.4%, in the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the prior year period. the increase is primarily attributable to favorable movements in commodity prices compared to the prior year. increases in precious metals prices contributed an estimated $43 million increase in segment ebitda relative to the year ended december 31, 2020. in addition, net sequential changes in scrap steel prices in our self service operations had an $26 million favorable impact on segment ebitda during the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to a $13 million favorable impact during the year ended december 31, 2020. we estimate that precious metals and scrap steel pricing had a favorable effect of $56 million, or 3.1%, on segment ebitda margin relative to the comparable prior year period.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our self service segment:
self service                                                                                     percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2020                                                               19.1             %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                           (3.0)             %                              (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                               6.2             %                              (2)
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2021                                                               22.3             %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)the decrease in gross margin primarily reflects (i) an unfavorable impact of 3.5% resulting from movements in metals prices.
(2)the increase in segment operating expense as a percentage of revenue reflects (i) a positive leverage effect of 7.1% from increases in metals revenue, partially offset by (ii) a 0.7% unfavorable impact on personnel costs primarily related to increased incentive compensation and salaries and wages due to inflationary wage adjustments, and (iii) other individually immaterial factors representing a 0.2% unfavorable impact in the aggregate.
liquidity and capital resources on january 5, 2023, we entered into a new credit agreement and terminated the senior secured credit agreement ("prior credit agreement"), scheduled to mature on january 29, 2024. the new credit agreement includes a $500 million unsecured term loan, payable in full on january 5, 2026, and an unsecured revolving credit facility of up to a u.s. dollar equivalent of $2.0 billion, which matures on january 5, 2028. see note 25, "subsequent events" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information related to the new credit agreement.
the following table summarizes liquidity data as of the dates indicated (in millions):
adjusted(4)                                        december 31, december 31, 2022                      2022                      2021
cash and cash equivalents                                                                             $278                          $278                      $274
total debt                                                                                           2,662                 (5)     2,662             (1)     2,824       (1)
current maturities (2)                                                                                  34                            34                        35
capacity under credit facilities (3)                                                                 2,000                         3,150                     3,150
availability under credit facilities (3)                                                               645                         1,295                     1,194
total liquidity (cash and cash equivalents plus availability under credit facilities)                  923                         1,573                     1,468
(1)    debt amounts reflect the gross values to be repaid (excluding debt issuance costs of $6 million and $12 million as of december 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively).
(2) debt amounts reflect the gross values to be repaid in the next 12 months (excluding immaterial debt issuance costs as of december 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively).
(3)    capacity under credit facilities includes our revolving credit facilities and availability under credit facilities is reduced by our outstanding letters of credit.
(4)    amounts presented represent the termination of the prior credit agreement and inclusion of the new credit agreement as if both were in effect as of december 31, 2022. see note 25, "subsequent events" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information related to the new credit agreement.
(5) debt amount presented above reflects the gross values to be repaid (excluding debt issuance costs of $13 million as of december 31, 2022).
we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to fund our operations and provide for expansion through both internal development and acquisitions. our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations and our credit facilities. we utilize our cash flows from operations to fund working capital and capital expenditures, with the excess amounts going towards funding acquisitions, paying down outstanding debt, paying dividends or repurchasing our common stock. as we have pursued acquisitions as part of our historical growth strategy, our cash flows from operations have not always been sufficient to cover our investing activities. to fund our acquisitions, we have accessed various forms of debt financing, including revolving credit facilities and senior notes. we currently believe we have sufficient access to capital markets to support our future growth objectives.
as of december 31, 2022, we had debt outstanding and additional available sources of financing as follows:
•senior secured credit facilities composed of $3,150 million in revolving credit ($1,786 million outstanding at december 31, 2022), bearing interest at variable rates, with availability reduced by $69 million of amounts outstanding letters of credit
•euro notes (2024) totaling $535 million (€500 million), maturing in april 2024 and bearing interest at a 3.875% fixed rate
•euro notes (2028) totaling $268 million (€250 million) maturing in april 2028 and bearing interest at a 4.125% fixed rate we had approximately $1,295 million available under our credit facilities in place as of december 31, 2022. combined with $278 million of cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2022, we had approximately $1,573 million in available liquidity, an increase of $105 million from our available liquidity as of december 31, 2021.
with our ability to generate free cash flow, we were comfortable with reducing the size of our credit facilities from $3.15 billion to $2.5 billion when we terminated the prior credit agreement and entered into the new credit agreement in january 2023. we believe that our current liquidity and cash expected to be generated by operating activities in future periods will be sufficient to meet our current operating and capital requirements. our capital allocation strategy includes spending to support growth driven capital projects, complete synergistic acquisitions, and return stockholder value through the payment of dividends and repurchasing shares of our common stock.
a summary of the dividend activity for our common stock for the year ended december 31, 2022 is as follows:
dividend amount   declaration date        record date             payment date
$0.25   february 15, 2022       march 3, 2022           march 24, 2022
$0.25   april 26, 2022          may 19, 2022            june 2, 2022
$0.25   july 26, 2022           august 11, 2022         september 1, 2022
$0.275   october 25, 2022        november 17, 2022       december 1, 2022
on february 21, 2023, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.275 per share of common stock, payable on march 30, 2023, to stockholders of record at the close of business on march 16, 2023.
we believe that our future cash flow generation will permit us to continue paying dividends in future periods; however, the timing, amount and frequency of such future dividends will be subject to approval by our board of directors, and based on considerations of capital availability, and various other factors, many of which are outside of our control.
with $1,573 million of total liquidity as of december 31, 2022 ($923 million on an adjusted basis) and $34 million of current maturities, we have access to funds to meet our near term commitments. we have a surplus of current assets over current liabilities, which further reduces the risk of short-term cash shortfalls.
our total liquidity includes availability under our prior credit agreement, which included the two financial maintenance covenants presented below. the required debt covenants per the prior credit agreement and our actual ratios with respect to those covenants were calculated in accordance with the prior credit agreement as follows as of december 31, 2022:
covenant level                ratio achieved as of december 31, 2022
maximum net leverage ratio                    4.00 : 1.00                                                   1.4
minimum interest coverage ratio               3.00 : 1.00                                                  26.5
the terms net leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage ratio used in the prior credit agreement are specifically calculated per the prior credit agreement and differ in specified ways from comparable us gaap or common usage terms. the new credit agreement contains similar financial covenants but replaces the maximum net leverage ratio with a maximum total leverage ratio (calculated as 1.5x as of december 31, 2022) while maintaining the same 4.00 : 1.00 requirement.
our prior credit agreement contained customary covenants that imposed limitations and conditions on our ability to enter into certain transactions. during the second quarter of 2022, two ratings agencies, s&p global ratings and moody's investors service, upgraded our issuer credit rating to an investment grade rating of 'bbb-' and 'baa3', respectively, and rated our outlook as stable. with the assignment of an investment grade rating, we were no longer required to comply with certain restrictive covenants under the prior credit agreement, and we were no longer required to provide collateral to secure the borrowings under the prior credit agreement. we were in compliance with all applicable covenants under our prior credit agreement and new credit agreement as of december 31, 2022. the new credit agreement also does not have restrictions on our ability to enter into certain transactions, such as dividend payments, share repurchases and asset sales.
the indentures relating to our euro notes do not include financial maintenance covenants, and the indentures will not restrict our ability to draw funds under the credit facility. the indentures do not prohibit amendments to the financial covenants under the credit facility as needed.
while we believe that we have adequate capacity under our existing credit facilities, from time to time we may need to raise additional funds through public or private financing, strategic relationships or modification of our existing credit facilities. there can be no assurance that additional funding, or refinancing of our credit facilities, if needed, will be available on terms attractive to us, or at all. furthermore, any additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants or higher interest costs. our failure to raise capital if and when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
we utilize supply chain financing arrangements, which allow us to improve our operating cash flows by extending payment terms with certain suppliers who participate in the programs. financial institutions participate in the supply chain financing initiative on an uncommitted basis and can cease purchasing receivables from our suppliers at any time. the initiative is at the sole discretion of both the supplier and the financial institution on terms that are negotiated between them. in the future, if the financial institutions do not continue to purchase receivables from our suppliers under the initiative, the participating suppliers may need to renegotiate their payment terms with us, which in turn could cause our borrowings under our revolving credit facility to increase. all outstanding payments owed under the initiative to the participating financial institutions are recorded within accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets. as of december 31, 2022, we had approximately $248 million of accounts payable outstanding under the arrangements.
in the past, we have held interest rate swaps to hedge the variable rates on a portion of our credit agreement borrowings and currency swaps that contain an interest rate swap component and a foreign currency forward contract component. as of december 31, 2022, we did not have any of these contracts outstanding. the weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under our prior credit agreement was 4.2% at december 31, 2022. including our senior notes, our overall weighted average interest rate on borrowings was 4.2% at december 31, 2022. prior to entering into the new credit agreement on january 5, 2023, our borrowings in u.s. dollars accrued interest at london inter-bank offered rate (i.e. libor). under the new credit agreement, our borrowings will bear interest at secured overnight financing rate (i.e. sofr) plus the applicable spread or other risk-free interest rates that are applicable for the specified currency plus a spread. we do not expect the change in benchmark rates will have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity. however, we project that the increase in benchmark interest rates in the united states and europe in 2022 and potential for further increases in 2023 to combat rising inflation will drive higher interest expense of $45 million to $55 million in 2023 relative to 2022. see note 18, "long-term obligations" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information related to our borrowings and related interest.
we had outstanding prior credit agreement borrowings of $1,786 million and $1,887 million at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. of these amounts, there were no current maturities at december 31, 2022 or 2021. the new credit agreement has no scheduled principal payments in 2023.
the scheduled maturities of long-term obligations outstanding at december 31, 2022 are as follows (in millions):
adjusted(4)
december 31, 2022                   december 31, 2022
2023 (1)             $34                                 $34
2024             548                               2,334
2025              10                                  10
2026             503                                   3
2027               3                                   3
thereafter           1,564                                 278
total debt          $2,662                 (3)          $2,662           (2)
(1)long-term obligations maturing by december 31, 2023 include $15 million of short-term debt that may be extended beyond the current year ending december 31, 2023.
(2)the total debt amounts presented above reflect the gross values to be repaid (excluding debt issuance costs of $6 million as of december 31, 2022).
(3)the total debt amounts presented above reflect the gross values to be repaid (excluding debt issuance costs of $13 million as of december 31, 2022).
(4)amounts presented represent the termination of the prior credit agreement and inclusion of the new credit agreement as if both were in effect as of december 31, 2022. see note 25, "subsequent events" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information related to the new credit agreement.
as of december 31, 2022, the company had cash and cash equivalents of $278 million, of which $227 million was held by foreign subsidiaries. in general, it is our practice and intention to permanently reinvest the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. we believe that we have sufficient cash flow and liquidity to meet our financial obligations in the u.s. without repatriating our foreign earnings. we may, from time to time, choose to selectively repatriate foreign earnings if doing so supports our financing or liquidity objectives. distributions of dividends from our foreign subsidiaries, if any, would be generally exempt from further u.s. taxation, either as a result of the 100% participation exemption under the tax cuts and jobs act enacted in 2017, or due to the previous taxation of foreign earnings under the transition tax and the global intangible low-taxed income regime ("gilti").
the procurement of inventory is the largest operating use of our funds. we normally pay for aftermarket product purchases on standard payment terms or at the time of shipment, depending on the manufacturer and the negotiated payment terms. we normally pay for salvage vehicles acquired at salvage auctions and under direct procurement arrangements at the time that we take possession of the vehicles.
the following table sets forth a summary of our aftermarket and manufactured inventory procurement for the years ended december 31, 2022, and 2021 (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2022                     2021                                                        change wholesale - north america                    $1,172                      $1,107                                     $65              (1)
europe                                        3,498                       3,829                                   (331)              (2)
specialty                                     1,304                       1,452                                   (148)              (3)
total                                        $5,974                      $6,388                                  $(414)
(1)inventory purchases across the wholesale - north america segment increased for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to required restocking to keep up with the demand for our products.
(2)the decrease in inventory purchases in our europe segment included a decrease of $415 million attributable to the decrease in the value of the euro, and to a lesser extent, the pound sterling for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. on a constant currency basis, inventory purchases increased compared to the prior year, due to required restocking to keep up with the demand for our products as well as purchases to improve availability for customers in certain regions.
(3)the decrease in inventory purchases in the specialty segment compared to the prior year was primarily due to matching inventory levels with demand. this was partially offset by inventory purchases made by companies acquired in the second half of 2021.
the following table sets forth a summary of our global wholesale salvage and self service procurement for the years ended december 31, 2022, and 2021 (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                            2021                                        % change wholesale - north america salvage vehicles               246                     239                                        2.9    %
europe wholesale salvage vehicles                     29                          26                                       11.5    %
self service salvage vehicles                            517                     542                                      (4.6)    %
wholesale - north america salvage purchases in 2022 increased relative to the prior year due to limitations in the prior year on vehicles at auctions. self service salvage vehicle purchases in 2022 decreased due to increased market competition and decreased availability of vehicles.
the following table summarizes the components of the change in cash provided by operating activities (in millions):
operating cash net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2021              $1,367
increase (decrease) due to:
working capital accounts: (1)
receivables, net                                                                                 -
inventories                                                                                  (107)
accounts payable                                                                              (14)
other operating activities                                                                       4          (2)
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2022              $1,250
(1)    cash flows related to our primary working capital accounts can be volatile as the sales and purchases, payments and collections can be timed differently from period to period.
•receivables, net had a similar impact on cash provided by operating activities year over year. this was driven by a $26 million outflow for our wholesale - north america segment primarily due to an increase in organic revenue in 2022 compared to 2021, which translated to higher receivables balances in 2022. this was partially offset by a $14 million inflow for our europe segment and a $12 million inflow for our specialty segment, both due to lesser overall cash outflows in 2022 as a result of collections and timing of sales.
•inventories represented $107 million in incremental cash outflows for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021 as a result of inventory increases in the (i) wholesale - north america segment of $151 million primarily attributable to increased cash paid for inventory in the current year as a result of higher input costs and volume increases due to strong demand and (ii) europe segment of $101 million, primarily attributable to increased cash paid for inventory in the current year as a result of higher input costs, volume increases due to strong demand and strategic inventory purchases to curb the impacts of supply chain constraints, which was partially offset by inventory decreases in the (iii) specialty segment of $127 million primarily related to decreasing inventory purchasing levels to align with softening demand and (iv) self service segment of $18 million primarily related to lower vehicle purchases in 2022 due to increased market competition and decreased availability of vehicles.
•accounts payable was a $14 million detriment to cash provided by operating activities year over year. this change was primarily attributable a lower cash inflow in our europe segment of $187 million and a cash outflow of $38 million from our specialty segment partially offset by our wholesale - north america segment which contributed a $211 million cash inflow driven by higher accounts payable balances and timing of payments.
(2)    primarily related to offsetting effects from (i) non-cash items in net income, including gain on disposal of businesses, refer to "other divestitures (not classified in discontinued operations)" in note 2, "discontinued operations and divestitures," for further information, (ii) cash paid for taxes, and (iii) a number of individually insignificant fluctuations in cash paid for other operating activities.
net cash provided by investing activities totaled $172 million and net cash used in investing activities totaled $419 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. proceeds from the disposal of businesses (primarily pgw) were $399 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to $7 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. property, plant and equipment purchases were $222 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to $293 million in the prior year. we invested $124 million of cash, net of cash acquired, in business acquisitions for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $4 million in 2022.
the following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2022                    2021
net cash provided by operating activities                                                 $1,250                    $1,367
less: purchases of property, plant and equipment                                             222                       293
free cash flow                                                                            $1,028                    $1,074
net cash used in financing activities increased by $409 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to higher payment of dividends in 2022 of $211 million, increases in repurchases of common stock of $163 million and higher net repayments of debt of $133 million, partially offset by a decrease in settlement of our cross currency swap and other foreign exchange forward contracts in 2021 of $89 million (no similar transaction in 2022).
we intend to continue to evaluate markets for potential growth through the internal development of distribution centers, processing and sales facilities, and warehouses, through further integration of our facilities, and through selected business acquisitions. our future liquidity and capital requirements will depend upon numerous factors, including the costs and timing of our internal development efforts and the success of those efforts.
we have various contractual obligations and commitments arising in the normal course of business. the following represent our anticipated material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations as of december 31, 2022.
•long-term debt of $2,662 million and related interest totaling $178 million, of which $34 million and $110 million, respectively is expected to be paid within twelve months. see note 18, "long-term obligations" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information related to debt amounts outstanding at december 31, 2022.
•operating lease payments of $1,673 million, of which $269 million is expected to be paid within twelve months. see note 21, "leases" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information related to lease amounts outstanding at december 31, 2022.
•purchase obligations of $611 million for open purchase orders for aftermarket inventory all expected to be paid within twelve months.
•net pension obligations of $133 million, of which $5 million is expected to be paid within twelve months. benefit payments for our funded plans will be made from plan assets, whereas benefit payments for our unfunded plans are made from cash flows from operating activities. see note 22, "employee benefit plans" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information related to net pension obligations at december 31, 2022.
•self-insurance reserves of $126 million, of which $62 million is expected to be paid within twelve months. see note 6, "self-insurance reserves" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information relates to self-insurance reserves at december 31, 2022.
