item 1a. risk factors the following are certain risk factors that could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. these risk factors should be considered in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k because these factors could cause the actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. before you buy our common stock or common stock non-voting, you should know that making such an investment involves risks, including the risks described below. additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or are currently deemed to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations in the future. if any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected. in that case, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment.
risks related to our company, business and operations deterioration of global economic conditions, an economic recession, periods of inflation, or economic uncertainty in our key markets may adversely affect customer and consumer spending as well as demand for our products.
global economic conditions can be uncertain and volatile. our business and results of operations have in the past been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions including inflation, rising interest rates, availability of capital markets, consumer spending rates, energy availability and costs, the negative impacts caused by pandemics and public health crises, such as the covid-19 pandemic, as well as the potential impacts of geopolitical uncertainties, including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine, and the effect of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. as global economic conditions continue to be volatile or economic uncertainty remains, trends in consumer spending also remain unpredictable and subject to reductions due to credit constraints and uncertainties about the future. we are a manufacturer and distributor of flavor products. as such, many of our products are purchased by our customers based on end-user demand from consumers. some of the factors that may influence consumer spending include general economic conditions, high levels of unemployment, health crises (such as the covid-19 pandemic), higher consumer debt levels, reductions in net worth based on market declines and uncertainty, home foreclosures and reductions in home values, fluctuating interest and foreign currency exchange rates and credit availability, fluctuating fuel and other energy costs, fluctuating commodity prices, inflationary pressure, tax rates and general uncertainty regarding the overall future economic environment. unfavorable economic conditions may lead customers and consumers to delay or reduce purchases of our products. consumer demand for our products may not reach our targets, or may decline, when there is an economic downturn or economic uncertainty in our key markets. our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in customer and consumer demand may have a material negative impact on our business, financial conditions or results of operations.
a pandemic, including covid-19, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic has had, and could continue to have, a negative impact on financial markets, economic conditions, and portions of our industry as a result of changes in consumer behavior, retailer inventory levels, cost inflation, manufacturing and supply chain disruption, and overall macroeconomic conditions. the ongoing implications of the covid-19 pandemic could adversely impact our business and results of operations in a number of ways, including but not limited to:
•shifts and volatility in consumer spending and purchasing behaviors;
•continued increase in raw material and commodity costs;
•shutdowns or slowdowns of one or more of our production facilities;
•further disruptions in our supply chain and in our ability to obtain ingredients, packaging, and other sourced materials due to continued labor shortages and/or volatility in the labor market, governmental restrictions, or the failure of our suppliers, distributors, or manufacturers to meet their obligations to us; or
•significant changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, including quarantines, import/export restrictions, price controls, or governmental or regulatory actions, closures or other restrictions that limit or close our operating and manufacturing facilities, restrict our employees' ability to travel or perform necessary business functions, or otherwise prevent our third-party partners, suppliers, or customers from sufficiently staffing operations, including operations necessary for the production, distribution, sale, and support of our products.
the duration and extent of the impact from the covid-19 pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the severity and transmission rate of the virus, the emergence and spread of variants, infection rates in areas we operate, the extent and effectiveness of containment actions, including the continued availability and effectiveness of vaccines in the markets where we operate, and the impact of these and other factors on our employees, customers, suppliers, distributors, and manufacturers. should these conditions persist for a prolonged period, including any of the above factors and others that are currently unknown, the covid-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks discussed in this item 1a, risk factors, any of which could have a material effect on us.
damage to our reputation or brand name, loss of brand relevance, increase in use of private label or other competitive brands by customers or consumers, or product quality or safety concerns could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we have many iconic brands with long-standing consumer recognition. our success depends on our ability to maintain our brand image for our existing products, extend our brands to new platforms, and expand our brand image with new product offerings.
we continually make efforts to maintain and improve relationships with our customers and consumers and to increase awareness and relevance of our brands through effective marketing and other measures. from time to time, our customers reevaluate their mix of product offerings, and consumers have the option to purchase private label or other competitive products instead of our branded products. in the event that we are unable to supply our products to customers in the time frame and quantities that they desire, whether due to increased demand or other factors, our customers may discontinue all or a portion of their purchases from us and source competitive brands. if a significant portion of our branded business was switched to private label or competitive products, it could have a material negative impact on our consumer segment.
our reputation for manufacturing high-quality products is widely recognized. in order to safeguard that reputation, we have adopted rigorous quality assurance and quality control procedures which are designed to ensure the safety of our products. a serious breach of our quality assurance or quality control procedures, deterioration of our quality image, impairment of our customer or consumer relationships or failure to adequately protect the relevance of our brands may lead to litigation, customers purchasing from our competitors or consumers purchasing other brands or private label items that may or may not be manufactured by us, any of which could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the food industry generally is subject to risks posed by food spoilage and contamination, product tampering, product recall, import alerts and consumer product liability claims. for instance, we may be required to recall certain of our products should they be mislabeled, contaminated or damaged. additionally, certain of our raw materials could be blocked from entering the country if they were subject to government-imposed actions. we have and may continue to become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings if it is alleged that the consumption of any of our products could cause injury or illness, or that any of our products are mislabeled or fail to meet applicable legal requirements (even if the allegation is untrue). a product recall, import alert or an adverse result in any such litigation, or negative perceptions regarding food products and ingredients, could result in our having to pay fines or damages, incur additional costs or cause customers and consumers in our principal markets to lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain products or ingredients, any of which could have a negative effect on our business or financial results and, depending upon the significance of the affected product, that negative effect could be material to our business or financial results. negative publicity about these concerns, whether or not valid, may discourage customers and consumers from buying our products or cause disruptions in production or distribution of our products and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the rising popularity of social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination (whether or not accurate), and, as a result, negative, inaccurate, or misleading posts or comments on websites may generate adverse publicity that could damage our reputation or brands.
customer consolidation, consumer behaviors, and competitive, economic and other pressures facing our customers, may impact our financial condition or results of operations.
a number of our customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food distributors, have consolidated in recent years and consolidation could continue. such consolidation could present a challenge to margin growth and profitability in that it has produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories; resisting price increases; demanding lower pricing, increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products; and shifting shelf space currently used for our products to private label and other competitive products. the economic and competitive landscape for our customers is constantly changing, such as the emergence of new sales channels like e-commerce, and our customers' responses to those changes could impact our business. the continued growth of e-commerce and its impact of consumer habits and preferences has accelerated since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic in many of the markets we serve and our financial results may be impacted if we are unable to adapt to changing consumer preferences and market dynamics. in addition, our flavor solutions segment may be impacted if the reputation or perception of the customers of our flavor solutions segment declines. these factors could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the inability to maintain mutually beneficial relationships with large customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have a number of major customers, including two large customers that, in the aggregate, constituted approximately 23% of consolidated sales in 2022. the loss of either of these large customers due to events beyond our control, or a material negative change in our relationship with these large customers or other major customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
issues regarding procurement of raw materials may negatively impact us.
our purchases of raw materials are subject to fluctuations in market price and availability caused by inflationary pressures, weather, growing and harvesting conditions, climate change, market conditions, governmental actions and other factors beyond our control, including the covid-19 pandemic. the most significant raw materials used by us in our business are dairy products, pepper, onion, capsicums (red peppers and paprika), garlic, wheat products, vegetable oils, and vanilla. while future price movements of raw material costs are uncertain, we seek to mitigate the market price risk in a number of ways, including strategic raw material purchases, purchases of raw material for future delivery, customer price adjustments and cost savings from our cci program. we generally have not used derivatives to manage the volatility related to this risk. to the extent that we have used derivatives for this purpose, it has not been material to our business. any actions we take in response to market price fluctuations may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to changes in raw material prices. therefore, we cannot provide assurance that future raw material price fluctuations will not have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or operating results.
in addition, we may have very little opportunity to mitigate the risk of availability of certain raw materials due to the effect of weather on crop yield, fire, natural disasters, growing and harvesting conditions, government actions, political unrest in producing countries, action or inaction by suppliers in response to laws and regulations, changes in agricultural programs and other factors beyond our control. therefore, we cannot provide assurance that future raw material availability will not have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or operating results.
political, socio-economic, cultural and geopolitical (including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine) conditions, as well as disruptions caused by terrorist activities or otherwise, could also create additional risks for regulatory compliance. although we have adopted rigorous quality assurance and quality control procedures which are designed to ensure the safety of our imported products, we cannot provide assurance that such events will not have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or operating results.
disruption of our supply chain could adversely affect our business.
our ability to make, move, and sell products is critical to our success. damage or disruption to raw material supplies or our manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather, climate change, natural disaster, fire, terrorism, cyber-attack, health epidemics, pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic) or other contagious outbreaks, governmental restrictions or mandates, strikes, import/export restrictions, or other factors could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. many of our product lines are manufactured at a single location. the failure of third parties on which we rely, including those third parties who supply our ingredients, packaging, capital equipment and other necessary operating materials, contract manufacturers, commercial transport, distributors, contractors, and external business partners, to meet their obligations to us, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so, may negatively impact our operations. our suppliers' policies and practices can damage our reputation and the quality and safety of our products. disputes with significant suppliers, including disputes regarding pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our sales, financial condition, and results of operations. failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, particularly when a product is manufactured from a single location, could adversely affect our business and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain.
moreover, short term or sustained increases in consumer demand at our customers may exceed our production capacity or otherwise strain our supply chain. our failure to meet the demand for our products could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our results of operations can be adversely affected by labor shortages, turnover and labor cost increases.
labor is a primary component of operating our business. a number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increase labor costs, a shift towards remote work, higher unemployment subsidies, other government regulations and general macroeconomic factors. we also have experienced and may continue to experience additional pressure in our supply chain due to labor shortages, increased turnover rates and absenteeism associated with covid-19.  a sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base, caused by covid-19 or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates and employee benefits costs to attract and retain employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities and overall business. if we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as overtime and third-party outsourcing, have negative effects, our business could be adversely affected. in addition, we distribute our products and receive raw materials primarily by truck. reduced availability of trucking capacity due to shortages of drivers has caused an increase in the cost of transportation for us and our suppliers. an overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation, caused by covid-19 or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results.
we may not be able to increase prices to fully offset inflationary pressures on costs, such as raw and packaging materials, labor and distribution costs, which may impact our financial condition or results of operations.
as a manufacturer and distributor of flavor products, we rely on raw materials, packaging materials, plant labor, distribution resources, and transportation providers. during recent years, we have experienced significantly elevated commodity and supply chain costs, including the costs of raw materials, packaging materials, labor, energy, fuel, transportation and other inputs necessary for the production and distribution of our products, and we expect elevated levels of inflation to continue in 2023. in addition, many of these materials and costs are subject to price fluctuations from a number of factors, including, but not limited to, market conditions, demand for raw materials, weather, growing and harvesting conditions, climate change, energy costs, currency fluctuations, supplier capacities, governmental actions, import and export requirements (including tariffs), armed hostilities (including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine) and other factors beyond our control.
our attempts to offset these cost pressures, such as through increases in the selling prices of some of our products, may not be successful. higher product prices may result in reductions in sales volume. consumers may be less willing to pay a price differential for our branded products and may increasingly purchase lower-priced offerings, or may forego some purchases altogether, during an economic downturn or times of increased inflationary pressure. to the extent that price increases or packaging size decreases are not sufficient to offset these increased costs adequately or in a timely manner, and/or if they result in significant decreases in sales volume, our business, financial condition or operating results may be adversely affected. furthermore, we may not be able to fully offset any cost increases through our productivity or efficiency initiatives.
our profitability may suffer as a result of competition in our markets.
the food industry is intensely competitive. competition in our product categories is based on price, product innovation, product quality, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and promotional activity, and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. weak economic conditions, recessions, significant inflation and other factors, such as pandemics, could affect consumer preferences and demand. from time to time, we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty or significant inflation, which may adversely affect our profitability. such pressures could reduce our ability to take appropriate remedial action to address commodity and other cost increases.
the conflict between russia and ukraine and the related implications may negatively impact our operations.
in february 2022, russia invaded ukraine. as a result, the u.s. and certain other countries have imposed sanctions on russia and could impose further sanctions that could damage or disrupt international commerce and the global economy. it is not possible to predict the broader or longer-term consequences of this conflict or the sanctions imposed to date, which could include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, security conditions, energy and fuel prices, currency exchange rates and financial markets. such geopolitical instability and uncertainty could have a negative impact on our ability to sell to, ship products to, collect payments from, and support customers in certain regions based on trade restrictions, embargoes and export control law restrictions, and logistics restrictions including closures of air space, and could increase the costs, risks and adverse impacts from supply chain and logistics challenges.
the potential effects of the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine also could impact many of the other risk factors described herein. these potential effects could include, but are not limited to, variations in the level of our profitability, changes in laws and regulations affecting our business, fluctuations in foreign currency markets, the availability of future borrowings, the cost of borrowings, credit risks of our customers and counterparties, and potential impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets. given the evolving nature of this conflict, the related sanctions, potential governmental actions and economic impact, such potential impacts remain uncertain. while we expect the impacts of conflict between russia and ukraine to continue to have an effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, we are unable to predict the extent or nature of these impacts at this time.
our operations may be impaired as a result of disasters, business interruptions or similar events.
we could have an interruption in our business, loss of inventory or data, or be rendered unable to accept and fulfill customer orders as a result of a natural disaster, catastrophic event, epidemic, computer system failure, or cyber-attack. natural disasters could include an earthquake, fire, flood, tornado or severe storm. a catastrophic event could include a terrorist attack. a health epidemic, pandemic, or other contagious outbreak could affect our operations, major facilities or employees' and consumers' health. in addition, some of our inventory and production facilities are located in areas that are susceptible to harsh weather; a major storm, wildfires, heavy snowfall or other similar event could prevent us from delivering products in a timely manner. production of certain of our products is concentrated in a single manufacturing site.
we cannot provide assurance that our disaster recovery plan will address all of the issues we may encounter in the event of a disaster or other unanticipated issue, and our business interruption insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur from any of the foregoing. in the event that a natural disaster, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event were to destroy any part of our facilities or interrupt our operations for any extended period of time, or if harsh weather or health conditions prevent us from delivering products in a timely manner, our business, financial condition or operating results could be adversely affected.
we may not be able to successfully consummate and manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities which could have an impact on our results.
from time to time, we may acquire other businesses and, based on an evaluation of our business portfolio, divest existing businesses. these acquisitions, joint ventures and divestitures may present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including diversion of management attention from existing businesses, difficulty with integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, increased expenses and raw material costs, assumption of unknown liabilities and indemnities, and potential disputes with the buyers or sellers. in addition, we may be required to incur asset impairment charges (including charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets) in connection with acquired businesses, which may reduce our profitability. if we are unable to consummate such transactions, or successfully integrate and grow acquisitions and achieve contemplated revenue synergies and cost savings, our financial results could be adversely affected. additionally, joint ventures inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational, and/or compliance risks.
an impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets could adversely affect our results.
as of november 30, 2022, we had approximately $5.2 billion of goodwill and approximately $3.4 billion of other indefinite-lived intangible assets. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. we test goodwill at the reporting unit level by comparing the carrying value of the net assets of the reporting unit, including goodwill, to the unit's fair value. similarly, we test indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the fair value of those assets to their carrying values. if the carrying values of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible assets exceed their fair value, the goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets are considered impaired and reduced to their estimated fair value. factors that could result in an impairment include a change in revenue growth rates, operating margins, weighted average cost of capital, future economic and market conditions, higher income tax rates, or assumed royalty rates. the impairment of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets would have a negative impact on our consolidated results of operations.
because indefinite-lived intangible assets are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition of the related business, indefinite-lived intangible assets associated with recent business acquisitions, particularly those acquired in recent low interest rate environments, such as cholula and fona, are more susceptible to impairment in periods of rising interest rates than indefinite-lived intangible assets related to businesses acquired in periods of higher interest rates.
streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness may have a negative effect on employee relations.
we regularly evaluate whether to implement changes to our organization structure to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness, and we expect to continue to evaluate such actions in the future. from time to time, those changes are of such significance that we may transfer production from one manufacturing facility to another; transfer certain selling and administrative functions from one location to another; eliminate certain manufacturing, selling and administrative positions; and exit certain businesses or lines of business. these actions may result in a deterioration of employee relations at the impacted locations or elsewhere in our business.
if we are unable to fully realize the benefits from our cci program or streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve our competitiveness, our financial results could be negatively affected.
our future success depends in part on our ability to be an efficient producer in a highly competitive industry, including our plan to eliminate approximately $125 million of costs during 2023 and 2024 as part of our global operating effectiveness program, including $100 million of supply costs and $25 million of costs across the remainder of the organization. any failure by us to achieve our planned cost savings and efficiencies under our cci program, an ongoing initiative to improve productivity and reduce costs throughout the organization, or other similar programs, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position.
fluctuations in foreign currency markets may negatively impact us.
we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency in the following main areas: cash flows related to raw material purchases; the translation of foreign currency earnings to u.s. dollars; the effects of foreign currency on loans between subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates and on cash flows related to repatriation of earnings of unconsolidated affiliates. we have both translation and transaction exposures to the fluctuation of exchange rates. translation exposures relate to exchange rate impacts of measuring income statements of foreign subsidiaries that do not use the u.s. dollar as their functional currency. transaction exposures relate to the impact from input costs that are denominated in a currency other than the local reporting currency and the revaluation of transaction-related working capital balances or loans between subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. historically, weakening of certain foreign currencies versus the u.s. dollar have resulted in significant foreign exchange impacts leading to lower net sales, net earnings and cash flows. primary exposures include the u.s. dollar versus the euro, british pound sterling, chinese renminbi, canadian dollar, australian dollar, polish zloty, singapore dollar, swiss franc, and mexican peso, as well as the euro versus the british pound sterling and australian dollar, and polish zloty, and finally the canadian dollar versus british pound sterling. we routinely enter into foreign currency exchange contracts to facilitate managing certain of these foreign currency risks. however, these contracts may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to a decline in operating results due to foreign currency exchange changes. therefore, we cannot provide assurance that future exchange rate fluctuations will not have a negative impact on our business, financial position or operating results.
we face risks associated with certain pension assets and obligations.
we hold investments in equity and debt securities in our qualified defined benefit pension plans and in a rabbi trust for our u.s. non-qualified pension plan. deterioration in the value of plan assets resulting from a general financial downturn or otherwise, or an increase in the actuarial valuation of the plans' liability due to a low interest rate environment, could cause (or increase) an underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans, thereby increasing our obligation to make contributions to the plans. an obligation to make contributions to pension plans could reduce the cash available for working capital and other corporate uses, and may have an adverse impact on our operations, financial condition and liquidity.
climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
unseasonable or unusual weather or long-term climate changes may negatively impact the price or availability of spices, herbs and other raw materials. scientific consensus shows that greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. in the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity or practices, we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products. as a result of climate change, we may also be subjected to decreased availability of water, deteriorated quality of water or less favorable pricing for water, which could adversely impact our manufacturing and distribution operations. in addition, such climate change may result in modifications to the eating preferences of the ultimate consumers of certain of our products, which may also unfavorably impact our sales and profitability.
there is an increased focus by foreign, federal, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions, energy policies, and sustainability. increased compliance costs and expenses due to the impacts of climate change and additional legal or regulatory requirements regarding climate change or designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions on the environment may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the running of our manufacturing facilities and our business, as well as increase distribution and supply chain costs. moreover, compliance with any such legal or regulatory requirements may require us to make significant changes in our business operations and strategy, which will likely require us to devote substantial time and attention to these matters and cause us to incur additional costs. even if we make changes to align ourselves with such legal or regulatory requirements, we may still be subject to significant penalties or potential litigation if such laws and regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. the effects of climate change and legal or regulatory initiatives to address climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
additionally, we might fail to effectively address increased attention from the media, stockholders, activists and other stakeholders on climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. such failure, or the perception that we have failed to act responsibly regarding climate change, whether or not valid, could result in adverse publicity and negatively affect our business and reputation.
moreover, from time to time we establish and publicly announce goals and commitments, including to reduce our impact on the environment. for example, we established science-based target 2025 - 2030 goals for scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions. our ability to achieve any stated goal, target or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. examples of such factors include evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures or imposing different requirements, the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards. if we fail to achieve, or are perceived to have failed or been delayed in achieving, or improperly report our progress toward achieving these goals and commitments, it could negatively affect consumer preference for our products or investor confidence in our stock, as well as expose us to enforcement actions and litigation esg issues, including those related to climate change and sustainability, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and damage our reputation.
companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their esg policies. if we are unable to meet our esg goals or evolving investor, industry or stakeholder expectations and standards, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for esg issues, customers and consumers may choose to stop purchasing our products or purchase products from another company or a competitor, and our reputation, business or financial condition may be adversely affected. increased focus and activism on esg topics may hinder our access to capital, as investors may reconsider their capital investment as a result of their assessment of our esg practices. in particular, these constituencies are increasingly focusing on environmental issues, including climate change, water use, deforestation, plastic waste, and other sustainability concerns. changing consumer preferences may result in increased demands regarding plastics and packaging materials, including single-use and non-recyclable plastic packaging, and other components of our products and their environmental impact on sustainability; a growing demand for natural or organic products and ingredients; or increased consumer concerns or perceptions (whether accurate or inaccurate) regarding the effects of ingredients or substances present in certain consumer products. these demands could impact the profitability of some of our products or cause us to incur additional costs, to make changes to our operations to make additional commitments, set targets or establish additional goals and take actions to meet them, which could expose us to market, operational and execution costs or risk.
in addition to environmental issues these constituencies are also focused on social and other governance issues, including matters such as, but not limited to, human capital and social issues. we also have established diversity, equity and inclusion goals as part of our esg initiative. our initiatives also extend from individuals to entire communities, including those we serve and, just as importantly, those from which we source.
concern over climate change, including plastics and packaging materials, in particular, may result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements. increased regulatory requirements related to environmental causes, and related esg disclosure rules, including the sec's recent disclosure proposal on climate change, may result in increased compliance costs or increased costs of energy, raw materials or compliance with emissions standards, which may cause disruptions in the manufacture of our products or an increase in operating costs. any failure to achieve our esg goals or a perception (whether or not valid) of our failure to act responsibly with respect to the environmental, human capital, or social issues, or to effectively respond to new, or changes in, legal or regulatory requirements concerning environmental or other esg matters, or increased operating or manufacturing costs due to increased regulation or environmental causes could adversely affect our business and reputation and increase risk of litigation.
risks relating to credit and capital markets, our credit rating, borrowings and dividends increases in interest rates or changes in our credit ratings may negatively impact us.
on november 30, 2022, we had total outstanding variable rate debt of approximately $1,295 million, including $1,237 million of short-term borrowings, at a weighted-average interest rate of approximately 4.2%. the interest rates under our revolving credit facilities can vary based on our credit ratings. we also regularly access the commercial paper markets for ongoing funding requirements. a downgrade in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and could affect our ability to issue commercial paper. additionally, disruptions in the commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the credit markets could also reduce the amount of commercial paper that we could issue and raise our borrowing costs. our policy is to manage our interest rate risk by entering into both fixed and variable rate debt arrangements. we also use interest rate swaps to minimize worldwide financing cost and to achieve a desired mix of fixed and variable rate debt. on november 30, 2022, we had total outstanding fixed to variable interest rate swaps with a notional value of $600 million. we utilize derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk, including interest rate exposures that exist as part of our ongoing business operations. we do not enter into contracts for trading purposes, nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instruments. our use of derivative financial instruments is monitored through regular communication with senior management and the utilization of written guidelines. however, our use of these instruments may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to changes in interest rates. therefore, we cannot provide assurance that future credit rating or interest rate changes will not have a material negative impact on our business, financial position or operating results.
our credit ratings impact the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital.
our credit ratings reflect each rating organization's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. any reduction in our credit ratings may limit our ability to borrow as well as the interest rates that are associated with any such borrowing. if our credit ratings are downgraded or put on watch for a potential downgrade, we may not be able to sell additional debt securities or borrow money in the amounts, at the times or interest rates, or upon the more favorable terms and conditions that might be available if our current credit ratings were maintained.
we may incur additional indebtedness to finance our acquisitions that may limit our ability to, among other matters, issue additional indebtedness, meet our debt service requirements, react to rising interest rates, comply with certain covenants and compete with less highly leveraged competitors.
we have a significant amount of indebtedness outstanding. as of november 30, 2022, our indebtedness of mccormick and its subsidiaries is approximately $5.1 billion. this substantial level of indebtedness could have important consequences to our business, including, but not limited to:
•increasing our debt service obligations, making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations;
•limiting our ability to borrow additional funds;
•increasing our exposure to negative fluctuations in interest rates;
•subjecting us to financial and other restrictive covenants, the non-compliance with which could result in an event of default;
•increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to respond to, general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and
•placing us at a competitive disadvantage as compared to our competitors, to the extent that they are not as highly leveraged.
the deterioration of credit and capital markets may adversely affect our access to sources of funding.
we rely on our revolving credit facilities, or borrowings backed by these facilities, to fund a portion of our working capital needs and other general corporate purposes, including funding of acquisitions. if any of the banks in the syndicates backing these facilities were unable to perform on its commitments, our liquidity could be impacted, which could adversely affect funding of seasonal working capital requirements. we engage in regular communication with all of the banks participating in our revolving credit facilities. during these communications, none of the banks have indicated that they may be unable to perform on their commitments. in addition, we periodically review our banking and financing relationships, considering the stability of the institutions, pricing we receive on services and other aspects of the relationships. based on these communications and our monitoring activities, we believe the likelihood of one of our banks not performing on its commitment is remote.
in addition, global capital markets have experienced volatility in the past, including related to recession, financial instability or inflation, that has tightened access to capital markets and other sources of funding, and such volatility and tightened access could reoccur in the future. in the event that we need to access the capital markets or other sources of financing, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time period. our inability to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time period could have an adverse impact on our operations, financial condition and liquidity.
uncertain global economic conditions expose us to credit risks from customers and counterparties.
consolidations in some of the industries in which our customers operate have created larger customers, some of which are highly leveraged. in addition, competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels through our customer base. these factors have caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. current credit markets are volatile, and some of our customers and counterparties are highly leveraged. a significant adverse change in the financial and/or credit position of a customer or counterparty could require us to assume greater credit risk relating to that customer or counterparty and could limit our ability to collect receivables. this could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and liquidity.
the uncertainty regarding the planned phase-out of libor may negatively impact our operating results.
the phase out of libor reference rates began on january 1, 2022 and will occur at different dates. after december 31, 2021, all sterling, euro, swiss franc and japanese yen settings, and the 1-week and 2-month u.s. dollar settings were phased out. we have revised certain of our agreements to include the new reference rates. however, libor is the interest rate benchmark used as a reference rate on our revolving credit facility expiring in july 2026, interest rate swaps expiring in november 2025 and august 2027, and cross currency interest rate swaps expiring in august 2027. certain of these agreements include fallback language, or the contractual provisions that lay out the process through which a replacement rate can be identified if the previously identified benchmark is not available, that will facilitate the transition to a new reference rate. we anticipate that all of our affected contractual reference rates will be revised by the second quarter of 2023, in advance of the june 30, 2023 phase out of all of our remaining u.s. dollar libor settings.
there continue to be many uncertainties regarding a transition from libor, including but not limited to the need to amend all contracts with libor as the referenced rate and how this will impact our cost of variable rate debt and certain derivative financial instruments. the consequences of these developments with respect to libor cannot be entirely predicted but could result in an increase in the cost of our variable rate debt or derivative financial instruments which may be detrimental to our financial position or operating results.
the declaration, payment and amount of dividends is made at the discretion of our board of directors and depends on a number of factors.
the declaration, payment and amount of any dividends is made pursuant to our dividend policy and is subject to final determination each quarter by our board of directors in its discretion based on a number of factors that it deems relevant, including our financial position, results of operations, available cash resources, cash requirements and alternative uses of cash that our board of directors may conclude would be in the best interest of the company and our shareholders. our dividend payments are subject to solvency conditions established by the maryland general corporation law. accordingly, there can be no assurance that any future dividends will be equal or similar in amount to any dividends previously paid or that our board of directors will not decide to reduce, suspend or discontinue the payment of dividends at any time in the future.
risks related to intellectual property, information technology, and cyber-security our intellectual property rights, and those of our customers, could be infringed, challenged or impaired, and reduce the value of our products and brands or our business with customers.
we possess intellectual property rights that are important to our business, and we are provided access by certain customers to particular intellectual property rights belonging to such customers. these intellectual property rights include ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets which are important to our business and relate to some of our products, our packaging, the processes for their production, and the design and operation of equipment used in our businesses. we protect our intellectual property rights, and those of certain customers, globally through a variety of means, including trademarks, copyrights, patents and trade secrets, third-party assignments and nondisclosure agreements, and monitoring of third-party misuses of intellectual property. if we fail to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property (and the intellectual property of customers to which we have been given access), the value of our products and brands could be reduced and there could be an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our operations and reputation may be impaired if our information technology systems fail to perform adequately or if we are the subject of a data breach or cyber-attack.
our information technology systems are critically important to operating our business. we rely on our information technology systems, some of which are or may be managed or hosted by or outsourced to third party service providers, to manage our business data, communications, supply chain, order entry and fulfillment, and other business processes. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build, sustain, and protect appropriate information technology systems and infrastructure, or we do not effectively implement system upgrades or oversee third party service providers, our business or financial results could be negatively impacted. the failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction or reporting errors, processing inefficiencies and the loss of sales and customers, causing our business and results of operations to suffer.
furthermore, our information technology systems, and the systems of our customers, vendors, suppliers, and other third-party service providers, are subject to cyber-attacks or other security incidents including computer viruses or other malicious codes, phishing attacks, unauthorized access attempts, cyber extortion, business email compromise, social engineering, denial of service attacks, hacking, ransomware, or other cyberattacks attempting to exploit vulnerabilities. continued geographical turmoil, including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine, has heightened the risk of cyberattack. such incidents could result in unauthorized access to information including customer, consumer or other company confidential data as well as disruptions to operations. we, and the third-parties we do business with, have experienced in the past, and expect to continue to experience, cybersecurity threats and attacks, although to date none has been material. to address the risks to our information technology systems and data, we maintain an information security program that includes updating technology, developing security policies and procedures, implementing and assessing the effectiveness of controls, monitoring and routine testing of our information systems, conducting risk assessments of third-party service providers and designing business processes to mitigate the risk of such breaches. we believe that these preventative actions provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches and generally reduce our cybersecurity risks. however, cyber-threats are constantly evolving, are becoming more sophisticated and are being made by groups of individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. there can be no assurance that these measures will prevent or limit the impact of a future incident. moreover, the development and maintenance of these measures requires continuous monitoring as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures evolve. additionally, we rely on services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology processes and functions, which makes our operations vulnerable to a failure by any one of these vendors to perform adequately or maintain effective internal controls. if we are unable to prevent or adequately respond to and resolve an incident, it may have a material, negative impact on our operations or business reputation, and we may experience other adverse consequences such as loss of assets, remediation costs, litigation, regulatory investigations, and the failure by us to retain or attract customers following such an event.
if we are not able to successfully implement our business transformation initiative or utilize information technology systems and networks effectively, our ability to conduct our business may be negatively impacted.
we continue to implement our multi-year business transformation initiative to execute significant change to our global processes, capabilities and operating model, including in our global enablement (ge) organization, in order to provide a scalable platform for future growth, while reducing costs. as technology provides the backbone for greater process alignment, information sharing and scalability, we are also making investments in our information systems, including the multi-year program to replace our enterprise resource planning (erp) system currently underway, which includes the transformation of our financial processing systems to enterprise-wide systems solutions. these systems implementations are part of our ongoing business transformation initiative, and we currently plan to implement these systems throughout all parts of our businesses. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, or if we fail to achieve the expected benefits from this initiative, it may impact our ability to process transactions accurately and efficiently and remain in step with the changing needs of our business, which could result in the loss of customers and revenue. in addition, failure to either deliver the applications on time (due to operational limitations caused by the covid-19 pandemic or otherwise), or anticipate the necessary readiness and training needs, could lead to business disruption and loss of customers and revenue. in connection with these implementations and resulting business process changes, we continue to enhance the design and documentation of business processes and controls, including our internal control over financial reporting processes, to maintain effective controls over our financial reporting.
we utilize cloud-based services and systems and networks managed by third-party vendors to process, transmit and store information and to conduct certain of our business activities and transactions with employees, customers, vendors and other third parties. our utilization of these cloud-based services and systems will increase as we implement our business transformation initiatives. if any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance (including compliance with service-level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements), we may not be able to achieve expected cost savings, we may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers, our reputation could be harmed or we could be subject to litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations. depending on the function involved, such errors may also lead to business disruption, processing inefficiencies, the loss of or damage to intellectual property or sensitive data through security breaches or otherwise, incorrect or adverse effects on financial reporting, litigation or remediation costs, or damage to our reputation, which could have a negative impact on employee morale. in addition, the management of multiple third-party service providers increases operational complexity and decreases our control.
risks related to our global business, litigation, laws and regulations laws and regulations could adversely affect our business.
food products are extensively regulated in most of the countries in which we sell our products. we are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the growing, sourcing, manufacturing, storage, labeling, marketing, advertising and distribution of food products, as well as laws and regulations relating to financial reporting requirements, the environment, consumer protection, competition, anti-corruption, privacy, relations with distributors and retailers, foreign supplier verification, customs and trade laws, including the import and export of products and product ingredients, employment, and health and safety. enforcement of existing laws and regulations, changes in legal requirements, and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements may result in increased compliance costs and create other obligations, financial or otherwise, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. increased regulatory scrutiny of, and increased litigation involving, product claims and concerns regarding the attributes of food products and ingredients may increase compliance costs and create other obligations that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. governments may also impose requirements and restrictions that impact our business, such as labeling disclosures pertaining to ingredients. for example, "proposition 65, the safe drinking water and toxic enforcement act of 1986," in california exposes all food companies to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products in that state. if we were required to add warning labels to any of our products or place warnings in locations where our products are sold in order to comply with proposition 65, the sales of those products and other products of our company could suffer, not only in those locations but elsewhere.
in addition, there are various compliance obligations for companies that process personal data of certain individuals, including such obligations required by the european union's general data protection regulation (gdpr), which affects all member states of the european economic area, and the california consumer privacy act (ccpa). these types of data privacy laws create a range of compliance obligations for companies that process personal data of certain individuals and increases financial penalties for non-compliance. our efforts to comply with these privacy and data protection laws may not be successful, or may be perceived to be unsuccessful, which could adversely affect our business in the united states, the european union and in other countries.
in the united states, for example, the ccpa imposes requirements on companies that do business in california and collect personal information from certain individuals, including notice, consent and service provider requirements. the ccpa also provides for civil penalties for companies that fail to comply with these requirements, as well as a private right of action for data breaches. further, the california privacy rights act ("cpra") went into full effect on january 1, 2023 (with a 'look-back' to january 1, 2022). the cpra builds on the ccpa and among other things, requires the establishment of a dedicated agency to regulate privacy issues. in 2021, virginia, colorado, connecticut and utah all have adopted laws which will take effect introducing new privacy obligations, which may require us to develop additional compliance mechanisms and processes. many other states are considering similar legislation. a broad range of legislative measures also have been introduced at the federal level. there also is a wide range of enforcement agencies at both the state and federal levels that can review companies for privacy and data security concerns based on general consumer protection laws. the federal trade commission and state attorneys general all are aggressive in reviewing privacy and data security protections for consumers. accordingly, failure to comply with federal and state laws (both those currently in effect and future legislation) regarding privacy and security of personal information could expose us to fines and penalties under such laws. there also is the threat of consumer class actions related to these laws and the overall protection of personal data. even if we are not determined to have violated these laws, government investigations into these issues typically require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could harm our reputation and our business.
similarly, outside of the united states, there are various laws and regulations governing the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of personal data. for instance, the gdpr, which applies to the processing of personal data of individuals in the european union, is wide-ranging in scope and imposes numerous requirements on companies that process personal data, including strict rules on the transfer of personal data to countries outside the european union, including the united states. beyond gdpr, there are privacy and data security laws in a growing number of countries around the world (including in the united kingdom as a result of brexit). while many loosely follow gdpr as a model, other laws contain different or conflicting provisions. these laws may impact our ability to conduct our business activities and the costs associated with these activities.
litigation, legal or administrative proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition or damage our reputation.
we are party to a variety of legal claims and proceedings in the ordinary course of business. since litigation is inherently uncertain, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves against such claims or proceedings, or that management's assessment of the materiality or immateriality of these matters, including any reserves taken in connection with such matters, will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such claims or proceedings. in the event that management's assessment of the materiality or immateriality of current claims and proceedings proves inaccurate, or litigation that is material arises in the future, there may be a material adverse effect on our financial condition. any adverse publicity resulting from allegations made in litigation claims or legal or administrative proceedings (even if untrue) may also adversely affect our reputation. these factors and others could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition or damage our reputation.
our international and cross-border operations are subject to additional risks.
we operate our business and market our products internationally. in fiscal year 2022, approximately 38% of our sales were generated in countries other than the u.s. our international operations are subject to additional risks, including fluctuations in currency values, foreign currency exchange controls, discriminatory fiscal policies, compliance with u.s. and foreign laws, enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions and other economic or political uncertainties. several countries within the european union continue to experience sovereign debt and credit issues, which causes more volatility in the economic environment throughout the european union and the u.k. additionally, sales in countries other than the u.s., together with finished goods and raw materials imported into the u.s., are subject to risks related to fundamental changes to tax laws as well as the imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers and other similar restrictions. all of these risks could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, which could adversely affect our profitability.
the global nature of our business, changes in tax legislation and the resolution of tax uncertainties create volatility in our effective tax rate.
as a global business, our tax rate from period to period can be affected by many factors, including changes in tax legislation, our global mix of earnings, the tax characteristics of our income, acquisitions and dispositions, adjustments to our reserves related to uncertain tax positions, changes in valuation allowances and the portion of the income of international subsidiaries that we expect to remit to the u.s. and that will be taxable.
in addition, significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. we establish accruals for certain tax contingencies when, despite the belief that our tax return positions are appropriately supported, the positions are uncertain. the tax contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, case law and emerging legislation. our effective tax rate includes the impact of tax contingency accruals and changes to those accruals, including related interest and penalties, as considered appropriate by management. when particular matters arise, a number of years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to our effective tax rate in the year of resolution. unfavorable resolution of any particular issue could increase the effective tax rate and may require the use of cash in the year of resolution.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to help the reader understand mccormick & company, incorporated, our operations and our present business environment from the perspective of management. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in item 8 of this report. we use certain non-gaap information - more fully described below under the caption non-gaap financial measures - that we believe is important for purposes of comparison to prior periods and development of future projections and earnings growth prospects. this information is also used by management to measure the profitability of our ongoing operations and analyze our business performance and trends. the dollar and share information in the charts and tables in md&a are in millions, except per share data.
mccormick is a global leader in flavor. we manufacture, market and distribute spices, seasoning mixes, condiments and other flavorful products to the entire food and beverage industry-retailers, food manufacturers and foodservice businesses. we manage our business in two operating segments, consumer and flavor solutions, as described in item 1 of this report.
our long-term annual growth objectives in constant currency are to increase sales 4% to 6%, increase adjusted operating income 7% to 9% and increase adjusted earnings per share 9% to 11%. our actual results for a year can vary from our long-term growth objectives.
recent events recent events impacting our business include global economic conditions, inflationary cost environment, disruption in our supply chain, the covid-19 pandemic, and the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine, each of which are further discussed below. each of these factors impacted our fiscal 2022 operating results and we expect each will impact our fiscal 2023 performance. we expect elevated levels of cost inflation to persist throughout 2023, although at lower levels than experienced in 2022. we anticipate in 2023 that these headwinds will be partially mitigated by pricing actions in response to inflation, supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives. the effects of inflation have also resulted in central banks raising short-term interest rates and, as a result, we expect that our interest expense will increase in 2023. while we expect the impacts of covid-19 on our business to moderate, there still remains uncertainty around the pandemic, its effect on labor or other macroeconomic factors, its severity and duration, the continued availability and effectiveness of vaccines and actions taken by third parties or by government authorities in response, including restrictions, laws or regulations, or other responses. also, the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine, and the sanctions imposed in response to this conflict, have increased global economic and political uncertainty.
while the impact of these factors remains uncertain, we continue to evaluate the extent to which they may impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. these and other uncertainties could result in changes to our current expectations. the potential effects of these recent events also could impact us in a number of other ways including, but not limited to, variations in the level of our sales, profitability, cash flows, fluctuations in foreign currency markets, the availability of future borrowings, the cost of borrowings, valuation of our pension assets and obligations, credit risks of our customers and counterparties, laws and regulations affecting our business, and potential impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets.
global economic conditions and inflationary cost environment - during fiscal 2021 and 2022, we experienced inflationary cost increases in our commodities, packaging materials and transportation costs. we expect that these inflationary cost increases will continue but we expect they will be partially mitigated by our planned 2023 pricing actions, our organization and streamlining actions, including our global operating effectiveness program, and by our comprehensive continuous improvement (cci) program-led cost savings. there has been, and we expect there could continue to be, a difference between the timing of when the impact of cost inflation occurs and when these pricing and other actions impact our results of operations. additionally, in some instances the pricing actions we take have been impacted by price elasticity which unfavorably impacts our sales volume and mix.
our interest expense is impacted by the overall global economic and interest rate environment. the inflationary environment has also resulted in central banks raising short-term interest rates. on november 30, 2022, we had total outstanding variable rate debt of approximately $1,295 million. our policy is to manage our interest rate risk by entering into both fixed and variable rate debt arrangements. we also use interest rate swaps to achieve a desired mix of fixed and variable rate debt. as of november 30, 2022, we had total outstanding fixed to variable interest rate swaps of $600 million notional. we expect that our interest expense will increase in 2023 as a result of the higher interest rate environment.
supply chain disruption - over the past several years, as we have responded to demand volatility, covid-19 and overall macroeconomic conditions, we have experienced pressures in our supply chain, including inefficiencies associated with demand volatility. these pressures are in addition to the inflationary cost environment previously noted and have included strained availability of raw materials and transportation capacity, expedited shipping costs, costs incurred in response to covid-19, incremental warehouse costs to store increased inventory associated with maintaining additional safety stock, additional use of co-manufacturers, and labor shortages and absenteeism, in part, associated with covid-19. the severity of those supply chain pressures varied over 2022, 2021 and 2020.
in response to the general economic conditions, inflationary cost environment, and the supply chain pressures and related inefficiencies, we expect to eliminate approximately $125 million of costs during 2023 and 2024, including $100 million of supply chain costs and $25 million of costs across the remainder of the organization under our global operating effectiveness program. the supply chain actions we are taking, and will continue to evaluate, include returning our manufacturing facilities to a more normal shift schedule, reducing headcount, and stabilizing turnover rates to reduce our labor costs; increasing our manufacturing capacity and automation to respond to the evaluated demand as well as reduce the use of co-manufacturers; and executing and evaluating initiatives to reduce the safety stock levels of our inventory that were put in place to protect against supply disruptions. the elimination of other costs across the organization will include a voluntary retirement program and other streamlining initiatives.
covid-19 - the covid-19 pandemic has impacted our operating results. the extent and nature of government actions, customer and end-consumer demand and the impact on our supply chain varied during the years ended november 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 based upon the then-current extent and severity of the covid-19 pandemic within the countries, localities and markets where we do business.
we continue to actively monitor the impact of covid-19 on all aspects of our business. however, uncertainty remains with the pandemic and such impact will ultimately depend on the length and severity of the pandemic, including new strains and variants of the virus; infection rates in the markets where we do business; the federal, state, and local government actions taken in response; vaccine effectiveness; and the macroeconomic environment. the effects of covid-19 on consumer behavior have impacted the relative balance of at-home versus away-from-home food consumption and demand. while we continue to see strong levels of at-home consumption compared to pre-pandemic levels, the favorable impact of increased at-home meal preparation was less significant in the year ended november 30, 2022 as compared to 2021. this change in consumer behavior was due in part to a decrease in the prevalence and scale of restrictive measures in place to reduce the spread of covid-19 in the 2022 period as compared to 2021. conversely, we continue to see improvements in away-from-home demand associated with the covid-19 recovery. during the year ended november 30, 2022, our flavor solutions segment sales improved as away-from-home consumption increased as compared to 2021, in part, due to the continued easing of restrictive covid-19 mitigation measures in many jurisdictions compared to those that were in place during 2021. however, during 2022 the impact of restrictive measures related to covid-19 resurgences in china negatively impacted consumer behavior in china as compared to 2021.
for comparative purposes, the following provides a summary of our compounded annual growth rate in net sales as reported and on a constant currency basis for the year ended 2022 as compared to 2019:
for the year ended november 30, 2022 as compared to the year ended november 30, 2019
percentage change       impact of foreign currency exchange       percentage change on constant currency basis as reported net sales:
consumer segment                                   4.7           %                       (0.2)             %                               4.9                %
flavor solutions segment                           7.7           %                       (0.4)             %                               8.1                %
total net sales                                    5.9           %                       (0.3)             %                               6.2                %
the percentage change in our compounded annual growth rate in reported net sales and the percentage change on a constant currency basis were favorably impacted by the acquisitions of cholula and fona and unfavorably impacted by the sale of kitchen basics. in aggregate on a net basis, these factors contributed 0.6%, 2.1% and 1.3% to the consumer segment, flavor solutions segment and total net sales growth rates, respectively, in the preceding table, on both a reported and constant currency basis.
conflict between russia and ukraine - the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine, and the sanctions imposed in response to this conflict, have increased global economic and political uncertainty. it is not possible to predict the broader or longer-term consequences of this conflict, or the sanctions imposed to date, which could include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, security conditions, energy and fuel prices, currency exchange rates and financial markets. we announced on march 11, 2022, that we were suspending our business operations in russia. in may 2022, we made the decision to exit our consumer business in russia. our operations in ukraine were also temporarily paused in order to focus on the safety of our employees, but we have resumed, where appropriate, a reduced level of operating activities. while neither our operations in russia nor ukraine constitute a material portion of our business, a significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption or the conflict's current scope could disrupt our supply chain, broaden inflationary costs, and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
sales growth - over time, we expect to grow sales with similar contributions from: 1) our base business - driven by brand marketing support, category management, and differentiated customer engagement; 2) new products; and 3) acquisitions.
base business - we expect to drive sales growth by optimizing our brand marketing investment through improved speed, quality and effectiveness. we measure the return on our brand marketing investment and have identified digital marketing as one of our highest return investments in brand marketing support. through digital marketing, we are connecting with consumers in a personalized way to deliver recipes, provide cooking advice and help them discover new products.
new products - for our consumer segment, we believe that scalable and differentiated innovation continues to be one of the best ways to distinguish our brands from our competition, including private label. we are introducing products for every type of cooking occasion, from gourmet, premium items to convenient and value-priced flavors.
for flavor solutions customers, we are developing seasonings for snacks and other food products, as well as flavors for new menu items. we have a strong pipeline of flavor solutions products aligned with our customers' new product launch plans, many of which include clean-label, organic, natural, and "better-for-you" innovation. with over 20 product innovation centers around the world, we are supporting the growth of our brands and those of our flavor solutions customers with products that appeal to local consumers.
acquisitions - acquisitions are expected to approximate one-third of our sales growth over time. since the beginning of 2017, we have completed four acquisitions, which are driving sales in both our consumer and flavor solutions segments. we focus on acquisition opportunities that meet the growing demand for flavor and health. geographically, our focus is on acquisitions that build scale where we currently have presence in both developed and emerging markets. information with respect to our two most recent acquisitions is provided below:
•on december 30, 2020, we acquired fona international, llc and certain of its affiliates (fona), a privately owned company, for approximately $708 million, net of cash acquired. we financed this fiscal 2021 acquisition with cash and short-term borrowings. fona is a leading manufacturer of clean and natural flavors providing solutions for a diverse customer base across various applications for the food, beverage and nutritional markets which expands the breadth of our flavor solutions segment into attractive categories, as well as extends our technology platform, strengthens our capabilities, and accelerates the strategic migration of our portfolio to more value-added and technically insulated products.
•on november 30, 2020, we acquired the parent company of cholula hot sauce® (cholula) from l catterton for approximately $801 million, net of cash acquired. cholula is a strong addition to our global branded flavor portfolio, which broadens our offerings in the high growth hot sauce category to consumers and foodservice operators and accelerates our condiment growth opportunities with a complementary authentic mexican flavor hot sauce in both our consumer and flavor solutions segments.
cost savings and business transformation - we are fueling our investment in growth with cost savings from our cci program, an ongoing initiative to improve productivity and reduce costs throughout the organization, as well as savings from the organization and streamlining actions described in note 3 of notes to our consolidated financial statements that includes our expected elimination of approximately $125 million of costs in 2023 and 2024 as part of our global operating effectiveness program, including $100 million of supply costs and $25 million of costs across the remainder of the organization. our cci program funds brand marketing support, product innovation and other growth initiatives. we expect our cci program, global operating effectiveness program, and organization and streamlining actions to deliver savings of approximately $75 million in 2023.
we are making investments to build the mccormick of the future, including in our global enablement (ge) organization to transform mccormick through globally aligned, innovative services to enable growth. as technology provides the backbone for this greater process alignment, information sharing and scalability, we are also making investments in our information systems. we continue to progress our global enterprise resource planning (erp) replacement program which will enable us to accelerate the transformation of our ways of working and provide a scalable platform for growth.
we expect that, in total over the course of the erp replacement program for our major markets, we will invest approximately $400 million, including expenses related to the go-live activities in our operations, to enable the anticipated completion of the roll out of our new information technology platform to those markets in 2025. of that projected $400 million, we expect capitalized software to account for approximately 50% and program expenses to account for approximately 50%. of the approximately $200 million of operating expenses included in our projected total spending, approximately $122 million has been recognized through november 30, 2022. of the approximately $200 million of capitalized software included in our projected total spending, approximately $137 million has been recognized through november 30, 2022.
cash flow - net cash provided by operating activities was $651.5 million, $828.3 million and $1,041.3 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. in 2022, we continued to have a balanced use of cash for debt repayment, capital expenditures and the return of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. we are using our cash to fund shareholder dividends, with annual increases in each of the past 37 years, and to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions. in 2022, the return of cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases was $435.5 million.
operating results - on a long-term basis, we expect a combination of acquisitions, share repurchases and debt repayments, and the resulting impact on interest expense, to add about 2% to earnings per share growth.
in 2022, we achieved further growth of our business with net sales rising 0.5% over the 2021 level due to the following factors:
•pricing actions, including those taken in response to the inflationary cost environment, contributed 7.7% of the increase in net sales.
•volume and product mix unfavorably impacted our net sales growth by 4.5%, exclusive of acquisitions and divestitures. our consumer segment experienced unfavorable volume and product mix of 9.3% which included the unfavorable impact of price elasticity as well as the impact of restrictive measures related to covid-19 resurgences in china, the exit of our consumer operations in russia, and the exit of our rice product line in india which collectively contributed approximately 1.5% to that decline. increased volume and product mix of 3.5% in our flavor solutions segment was principally driven by the continued strength of sales to packaged food companies and the continued recovery in away-from-home demand.
•acquisitions contributed 0.2% of the increase in net sales. divestitures negatively impacted our net sales increase by 0.4%.
•net sales growth was negatively impacted by fluctuations in currency rates that decreased sales growth by 2.5%. excluding this impact, we grew sales by 3.0% over the prior year on a constant currency basis.
operating income was $863.6 million in 2022 and $1,015.1 million in 2021. we recorded $51.6 million and $51.1 million of special charges in 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to organization and streamlining actions. special charges in 2021 included $4.7 million in cost of goods sold related the exit of a low margin business. in 2022 and 2021, we also recorded $2.2 million and $35.3 million of transaction and integration expenses, respectively, related to our acquisitions of cholula and fona that reduced operating income. in 2022, compared to the year-ago period, the unfavorable impact of increased commodity, packaging materials and transportation costs and higher conversion costs more than offset the favorable impact of higher sales, which included the impact of pricing actions taken in response to the inflationary environment, $112 million of cost savings from our cci program, including organization and streamlining actions, and lower incentive-based compensation. excluding special charges and transaction and integration expenses related to our acquisitions of cholula and fona, adjusted operating income was $917.4 million in 2022, a decrease of 16.7%, compared to $1,101.5 million in the year-ago period. in constant currency, adjusted operating income declined 15.5%. for further details and a reconciliation of non-gaap to reported amounts, see the subsequent discussion under the heading "non-gaap financial measures".
diluted earnings per share was $2.52 in 2022 and $2.80 in 2021. the year-on-year decrease in earnings per share was primarily driven by lower operating income that was partially offset by the favorable effect of a lower level of special charges and transaction and integration expenses in 2022 as compared to 2021. special charges and transaction and integration expenses lowered earnings per share by $0.15 and $0.30 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. a gain on our sale of a business increased earnings per share by $0.14 in 2022. a gain on our sale of an unconsolidated operation increased earnings per share by $0.05 in 2021. excluding the effects of special charges, transaction and integration expenses, the gain realized from the sale of a business, and the gain realized from the sale of an unconsolidated operation, adjusted diluted earnings per share was $2.53 in 2022 and $3.05 in 2021, or a decrease of 17.0%.
2023 outlook in 2023, we expect to grow net sales over the 2022 level by 5% to 7%, which includes a minimal impact of foreign currency rates. we anticipate that the 2023 sales growth will be driven by pricing actions, including the completion of those executed in 2022 combined with new pricing actions we are taking in 2023. we expect volume and product mix to be impacted by pricing elasticities, although, consistent with 2022, at a lower level than we have experienced historically. we anticipate that our volume and product mix will also be impacted by the combined impact of lapping last year's covid-related disruptions in china, the divestiture of our kitchen basics brand in the third quarter of last year, the exit of our consumer business in russia during the second quarter of last year, and the pruning of low margin businesses.
we expect our 2023 gross profit margin to range from 25 basis points to 75 basis points higher than our gross profit margin of 35.8% in 2022. the projected 2023 increase in gross profit margin is principally due to the net effect of (i) the favorable impact of pricing actions in response to increased commodity, packaging materials and transportation costs, (ii) the favorable impact of anticipated global operating effectiveness program and cci cost savings, and (iii) a low to mid-teen percentage impact of inflation in 2023 compared to 2022. as we recover the cost inflation of our pricing that has lagged in the past two years, we expect cost pressures to be more than offset by pricing actions and our expected cost savings in 2023.
in 2023, we expect an increase in operating income of 10% to 12%, which includes a minimal impact from foreign currency rates, over the 2022 level. the projected 2023 change in operating income includes the effects of cost savings from our global operating effectiveness program and lapping the covid-19 restrictive measures in china during 2022, which we anticipate will be partially offset by increased employee incentive compensation and the impact of our kitchen basics divestiture. our cci-led cost savings target in 2023 is approximately $85 million. we expect that the absence of $2.2 million of integration expenses related to the fona acquisition in 2022 to favorably impact operating income in 2023. we also expect approximately $50 million of special charges in 2023 that relate to previously announced organization and streamlining actions; in 2022, special charges were $51.6 million. excluding special charges and transaction and integration expenses, we expect 2023's adjusted operating income to increase by 9% to 11%, which includes a minimal impact from foreign currency rates.
we estimate that our interest expense will range from $200 to $210 million in 2023, with the increase over 2022 being driven by the higher interest-rate environment which will impact our variable rate debt. in 2023, we will also lap the favorable effects associated with the termination of interest rate contracts. these contracts were entered into to manage the interest rate risk associated with our then anticipated issuance of fixed rate debt, which favorably impacted other income, net in 2022.
our underlying effective tax rate is projected to be higher in 2023 than in 2022. we estimate that our 2023 effective tax rate, including the net favorable impact of anticipated discrete tax items, will be 22% as compared to 20.7% in 2022. excluding projected taxes associated with special charges, we estimate that our adjusted effective tax rate will be approximately 22% in 2023, as compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 20.9% in 2022.
diluted earnings per share was $2.52 in 2022. diluted earnings per share for 2023 is projected to range from $2.42 to $2.47. excluding the per share impact of (i) special charges of $51.6; (ii) integration expenses of $2.2 million; and (iii) the gain realized upon our sale of kitchen basics of $49.6 million, adjusted diluted earnings per share was $2.53 in 2022. adjusted diluted earnings per share, excluding an estimated per share impact from special charges of $0.14, is projected to range from $2.56 to $2.61 in 2023. we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share to grow by 1% to 3% over adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.53 in 2022, including a minimal impact from foreign currency rates.
results of operations-2022 compared to 2021
2022                                                                                              2021
net sales                                                               $6,350.5          $6,317.9
percent growth                                                               0.5   %          12.8   %
components of percent growth in net sales-increase (decrease):
volume and product mix                                                     (4.5)   %           5.5   %
pricing actions                                                              7.7   %           0.8   %
acquisitions                                                                 0.2   %           4.1   %
divestiture                                                                (0.4)   %             -   %
foreign exchange                                                           (2.5)   %           2.4   %
sales for 2022 increased by 0.5% from 2021 and by 3.0% on a constant currency basis (that is, excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange as more fully described under the caption, non-gaap financial measures). unfavorable volume and product mix decreased sales by 4.5% with growth in our flavor solutions segment being more than offset by a decline in our consumer segment. the impact of restrictive measures related to covid-19 resurgences in china, the exit of our consumer operations in russia, and the exit of our rice product line in india, contributed approximately 1.0% to that decline as compared to 2021. in addition, pricing actions, taken in response to the inflationary cost environment, added 7.7% to sales, as compared to the prior year. acquisitions and a divestiture added to and decreased sales by 0.2% and 0.4%, respectively, both as compared to the prior year. sales were impacted by unfavorable foreign currency rates that decreased sales by 2.5% in 2022 as compared to the prior year and are excluded from our measure of sales growth of 3.0% on a constant currency basis.
2022                                                    2021
gross profit                  $2,274.5          $2,494.6
gross profit margin               35.8   %          39.5   %
in 2022, gross profit decreased by $220.1 million, or 8.8%, from the comparable period in 2021. our gross profit margin for 2022 was 35.8%, a decrease of 370 basis points from 39.5% in 2021. the decline was driven by the margin dilutive impact of pricing actions taken in response to the inflationary cost environment of approximately 240 basis points, increased commodity, packaging materials and transportation costs, higher conversion costs and a less favorable product mix both within and between our segments, each as compared to 2021. these unfavorable impacts were partially offset by cost savings led by our cci program. in addition, our gross profit for 2021 was burdened by (i) $6.3 million of transaction expense, representing the amortization of the fair value adjustment to the acquired inventories of cholula and fona upon our sale of those acquired inventories in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and (ii) a non-cash special charge of $4.7 million associated with the exit of a low margin business in our asia/pacific region. excluding those transaction and integration expenses and special charges, adjusted gross profit margin declined 390 basis points to 35.8% in 2022 from 39.7% in 2021.
2022                                                                               2021
selling, general &amp; administrative expense            $1,357.1          $1,404.1
percent of net sales                                         21.4   %          22.3   %
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense decreased by $47.0 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. that decrease in sg&a expense was primarily a result of lower performance-based employee incentive expenses and variable selling costs, both as compared to the prior year. this decrease was partially offset by (i) higher distribution costs; (ii) unfavorable investment results associated with non-qualified retirement plan assets; and (iii) higher investment associated with the implementation of our global enterprise resource planning (erp) platform. sg&a as a percent of net sales for 2022 decreased by 90 basis points from the prior year level, due primarily to the net impact of the previously mentioned factors.
2022                                                                       2021
special charges included in cost of goods sold             $-          $4.7
other special charges                                    51.6          46.4
total special charges                                   $51.6         $51.1
we regularly evaluate whether to implement changes to our organization structure to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness, and we expect to continue to evaluate such actions in the future. from time to time, those changes are of such significance in terms of both up-front costs and organizational/ structural impact that we obtain advance approval from our management committee and classify expenses related to those changes as special charges in our financial statements.
during 2022, we recorded $51.6 million of special charges, consisting principally of (i) $23.3 million associated with the exit of our consumer business in russia, (ii) $21.5 million associated with the transition of a manufacturing facility in emea, and (iii) streamlining actions of $8.0 million in the americas region, $7.1 million in the emea region, and (iv) $5.6 million associated with a u.s. voluntary retirement program. as more fully described in note 3 of our notes of consolidated financial statements, these charges were partially offset by a $13.6 million gain on the sale of our kohinoor brand that was associated with the rice product line in india that we exited in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, as well as a reversal of $2.2 million of estimated costs associated with that rice product line exit upon settlement of a supply agreement related to that product line.
during 2021, we recorded $51.1 million of special charges, consisting principally of (i) $19.5 million associated with our exit of our rice product line in india (ii) $6.2 million associated with the transition of a manufacturing facility in emea, (iii) streamlining actions of $10.3 million in the americas region and $4.8 million in the emea region, and (iv) a non-cash asset impairment charge of $6.0 million associated with an administrative site that was sold in conjunction with our decision to employ a hybrid work environment.
details with respect to the composition of special charges are including the accompanying notes to our financial statements contained in item 8 of this report.
2022                                                                             2021
transaction expenses included in cost of goods sold              $-          $6.3
other transaction and integration expenses                      2.2          29.0
total transaction and integration expenses                     $2.2         $35.3
during 2022, we recorded $2.2 million of integration expenses related to our acquisition of fona. during 2021, we recorded transaction and integration expenses of $35.3 million related to our acquisitions of cholula and fona. these costs consisted of (i) $6.3 million of amortization of the acquisition-date fair value adjustment of inventories that is included in cost of goods sold, (ii) $13.8 million of other transaction expenses primarily related to outside advisory, service and consulting costs, and (iii) $15.2 million of integration expenses.
2022                                                  2021
operating income              $863.6          $1,015.1
percent of net sales            13.6   %          16.1   %
operating income decreased by $151.5 million, or 14.9%, from $1,015.1 million in 2021 to $863.6 million in 2022. special charges and transaction and integration expenses decreased by $32.6 million in 2022, as compared to 2021, and positively impacted operating income. operating income as a percentage of net sales declined by 250 basis points in 2022, to 13.6% in 2022 from 16.1% in 2021 as a result of the factors previously described. excluding the effect of special charges and transaction and integration expenses previously described, adjusted operating income was $917.4 million in 2022 as compared to $1,101.5 million in 2021, a decrease of $184.1 million or 16.7% from the 2021 level. adjusted operating income as a percentage of net sales declined by 300 basis points in 2022, to 14.4% in 2022 from 17.4% in 2021.
2022                                             2021
interest expense           $149.1          $136.6
other income, net            98.3            17.3
interest expense was $12.5 million higher in 2022 as compared to the prior year as an increase in interest rates during the latter part of 2022 was partially offset by a decrease in average total borrowings. other income, net for 2022 increased by $81.0 million, including the impact of a $49.6 million gain on the sale of our kitchen basics business and $18.7 million associated with the settlement of treasury lock arrangements, both of which are more fully described in the notes to the accompanying financial statements. the remaining increase was principally driven by an increase in interest income, as compared to the prior year.
2022                                                                                    2021
income from consolidated operations before income taxes           $812.8          $895.8
income tax expense                                                 168.6           192.7
effective tax rate                                                  20.7   %        21.5   %
the provision for income taxes is based on the estimate of the annual effective tax rate adjusted to reflect the tax impact of items discrete to the fiscal period. we record tax expense or tax benefits that do not relate to ordinary income in the current fiscal year discretely in the period in which such items occur pursuant to the requirements of u.s. gaap. examples of such types of discrete items not related to ordinary income include, but are not limited to, excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation, changes in estimates of the outcome of tax matters related to prior years, including reversals of reserves upon the lapsing of statutes of limitations, provision-to-return adjustments, the settlement of tax audits, changes in enacted tax rates, changes in the assessment of deferred tax valuation allowances, acquisition related deferred tax adjustments, and the tax effects of certain intra-entity asset transfers (other than inventory).
the effective tax rate was 20.7% in 2022 as compared to 21.5% in 2021. the decrease in our effective tax rate was principally attributable to the effects of the lower level of income before income taxes and the higher level of net discrete tax benefits in 2022 as compared to 2021. net discrete tax benefits were $27.6 million in 2022, an increase of $1.0 million from $26.6 million in 2021. discrete tax benefits in both the 2022 and 2021 periods included excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation ($9.1 million and $4.3 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively), the reversal of reserves for unrecognized tax benefits ($6.9 million and $22.5 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively) due to, in 2021, the partial release of certain reserves for an unrecognized tax benefit and related interest in a non-u.s. jurisdiction based on a change in our assessment of the technical merits of that position associated with the availability of new information, and in both years due to the expiration of the statutes of limitations, the release of valuation allowances due to a change in judgment about realizability of deferred tax assets ($4.6 million and $4.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively), tax benefits related to the revaluation of deferred taxes resulting from enacted legislation ($3.9 million and $4.0 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively), and other discrete items. in 2022, other discrete tax items included $2.3 million of tax benefits related to the sale of an asset associated with a previously exited line of business. in 2021, other discrete tax items included $10.4 million of deferred state tax expense directly related to our december 2020 acquisition of fona. see note 13 of notes to our consolidated financial statements for a more detailed reconciliation of the u.s. federal tax rate with the effective tax rate.
2022                                                             2021
income from unconsolidated operations          $37.8        $52.2
income from unconsolidated operations, which is presented net of the elimination of earnings attributable to non-controlling interests, decreased $14.4 million in 2022 from the prior year. we own 50% of most of our unconsolidated joint ventures, including our largest joint venture, mccormick de mexico, that comprised 84% and 62% of the income of our unconsolidated operations in 2022 and 2021, respectively. the decrease for 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily driven by the after-tax gain of $13.4 million on the sale of an unconsolidated operation that occurred in 2021.
we reported diluted earnings per share of $2.52 in 2022, compared to $2.80 in 2021. the table below outlines the major components of the change in diluted earnings per share from 2021 to 2022. the decrease in operating income in the table below includes the impact from unfavorable currency exchange rates in 2022.
2021 earnings per share-diluted                                                                                                                                    $2.80
decrease in operating income                                                                                                                                      (0.54)
decrease in special charges, net of taxes                                                                                                                           0.02
decrease in transaction and integration expenses, including impact of net discrete tax item related to fona acquisition                                             0.13
gain on the sale of a business, net of taxes                                                                                                                        0.14
increase in other income, excluding gain on the sale of a business                                                                                                  0.09
decrease in income from unconsolidated operations, including the after-tax gain on sale of unconsolidated operation of $0.05 per diluted share in 2021            (0.05)
impact of change in effective income tax rate, excluding taxes on special charges, transaction and integration expenses, and the sale of a business               (0.03)
increase in interest expense                                                                                                                                      (0.04)
2022 earnings per share-diluted                                                                                                                                    $2.52
results of operations-segments we measure the performance of our business segments based on operating income, excluding special charges and transaction and integration expenses related to our acquisitions. see note 16 of notes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on our segment measures as well as for a reconciliation by segment of operating income, excluding special charges and transaction and integration expenses related to our acquisitions. in the following discussion, we refer to our previously described measure of segment profit as "segment operating income."
consumer segment
2022                                                                                              2021
net sales                                                               $3,757.9          $3,937.5
percent - (decline) increase                                               (4.6)   %           9.5   %
components of percent change in net sales-(decrease) increase:
volume and product mix                                                     (9.3)   %           4.3   %
pricing actions                                                              7.4   %           0.6   %
acquisitions                                                                   -   %           2.4   %
divestitures                                                               (0.6)   %             -   %
foreign exchange                                                           (2.1)   %           2.2   %
segment operating income                                                  $710.7            $804.9
segment operating income margin                                             18.9   %          20.4   %
sales of our consumer segment in 2022 decreased by 4.6% as compared to 2021 and decreased by 2.5% on a constant currency basis. the sales decrease was driven by lower sales of our consumer business in the americas, emea and asia/pacific regions. lower volume and unfavorable product mix decreased sales by 9.3%. the impact of restrictive measures related to covid-19 resurgences in china, the exit of our consumer operations in russia, and the exit of our rice product line in india, contributed approximately 1.5% to that decline as compared to 2021. pricing actions, taken in response to inflationary cost pressures, increased sales by 7.4% in 2022 as compared to the prior year level. the divestiture of our kitchen basics business unfavorably impacted sales by 0.6% as compared to 2021. an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates decreased sales by 2.1% compared to the prior year and is excluded from our measure of sales decline of 2.5% on a constant currency basis.
in the americas region, consumer sales decreased 1.1% in 2022 as compared to 2021 and decreased by 0.9% on a constant currency basis. unfavorable volume and product mix decreased sales by 8.6% as compared to the corresponding period in 2021, including the unfavorable impact of price elasticity. pricing actions, taken in response to higher costs, increased sales by 8.6% as compared to the prior year. the sale of our kitchen basics business unfavorably impacted sales by 0.9% as compared to 2021. the unfavorable impact of foreign currency rates decreased sales by 0.2% in the year and is excluded from our measure of sales decline of 0.9% on a constant currency basis.
in the emea region, consumer sales decreased 14.7% in 2022 as compared to 2021 and decreased by 5.1% on a constant currency basis. unfavorable volume and product mix decreased sales by 10.5% as compared to the corresponding period of 2021. the decrease was driven by lower sales of our consumer business in france as compared to the prior year. the exit of our consumer operations in russia also contributed approximately 2.1% to the region's decline in volume and mix. pricing actions, taken in response to the inflationary cost environment, increased sales by 5.4% as compared to the 2021 period. the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates decreased sales by 9.6% compared to 2021 and is excluded from our measure of sales decline of 5.1% on a constant currency basis.
in the asia/pacific region, consumer sales decreased 10.1% in 2022 as compared to 2021 and decreased by 8.1% on a constant currency basis. lower volume and unfavorable product mix decreased sales by 11.5% as compared to the corresponding period in 2021. the impact of restrictive measures related to covid-19 resurgences in china and the exit of our rice product line in india, contributed approximately 9.5% to that decline as compared to 2021. pricing actions, taken in response to the inflationary cost environment, increased sales by 3.4% as compared to the prior year. the unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates decreased sales by 2.0% compared to the year-ago period and is excluded from our measure of sales decline of 8.1% on a constant currency basis.
segment operating income for our consumer segment decreased by $94.2 million, or 11.7%, in 2022 as compared to 2021. the decrease in segment operating income was driven by lower sales and increased commodity, transportation and conversion costs, partially offset by pricing actions in response to increased costs, cci-led cost savings and lower performance-based employee incentive expenses, all as compared to the prior year. segment operating margin for our consumer segment decreased by 150 basis points in 2022 to 18.9%, driven by a decrease in consumer gross profit margin, including the margin dilutive impact of pricing actions, the impact of the inflationary cost environment, and higher conversion costs, which was partially offset by the impact of cci-led cost savings, all as compared to the 2021 level. on a constant currency basis, segment operating income for our consumer segment decreased by 10.9% in 2022, as compared to 2021.
flavor solutions segment
2022                                                                                              2021
net sales                                                               $2,592.6          $2,380.4
percent growth                                                               8.9   %          18.7   %
components of percent growth in net sales-increase (decrease):
volume and product mix                                                       3.5   %           7.2   %
pricing actions                                                              8.2   %           1.4   %
acquisitions                                                                 0.4   %           7.3   %
foreign exchange                                                           (3.2)   %           2.8   %
segment operating income                                                  $206.7            $296.6
segment operating income margin                                              8.0   %          12.5   %
sales of our flavor solutions segment increased 8.9% in 2022 as compared to 2021 and increased by 12.1% on a constant currency basis. volume and product mix contributed 3.5% of the increase in addition to pricing actions which added 8.2% to sales for 2022, both in comparison to the prior year levels. the incremental impact of our acquisition of fona added 0.4% to segment sales for 2022. an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates decreased sales by 3.2% compared to the prior year and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 12.1% on a constant currency basis.
in the americas region, flavor solutions sales increased by 11.4% during 2022 as compared to 2021 and increased by 11.7% on a constant currency basis. favorable volume and product mix increased flavor solutions sales in the americas by 2.2% during 2022, as growth in sales to packaged food and beverage companies was partially offset by lower sales to quick service restaurants, both as compared to the year ago period. pricing actions, taken in response to the inflationary cost environment, favorably impacted sales by 8.9% during 2022 as compared to the prior year. the incremental impact of our acquisition of fona added 0.6% to segment sales for 2022. an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates decreased sales by 0.3% compared to 2021 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 11.7% on a constant currency basis.
in the emea region, flavor solutions sales in 2022 increased by 5.5% as compared to 2021 and increased by 17.2% on a constant currency basis. favorable volume and product mix increased segment sales by 9.5% in 2022 as compared to 2021. the increase was driven by higher sales to quick service restaurants, branded foodservice and package food and beverage company customers. pricing actions, taken in response to the inflationary cost environment, favorably impacted sales by 7.7% in 2022 as compared to the prior period level. an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates decreased sales by 11.7% compared to 2021 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 17.2% on a constant currency basis.
in the asia/pacific region, flavor solutions sales decreased 0.2% in 2022 as compared to 2021 and increased by 5.2% on a constant currency basis. favorable volume and product mix increased sales by 0.3%, driven by higher sales to quick service restaurant customers, partially impacted by the timing of customers' promotional activities. pricing actions, taken in response to the inflationary cost environment, favorably impacted sales by 4.9% as compared to the prior year. an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates decreased sales by 5.4% compared to 2021 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 5.2% on a constant currency basis.
segment operating income for our flavor solutions segment decreased by $89.9 million, or 30.3%, in 2022 as compared to 2021. the decrease in segment operating income was driven by increased commodity, transportation and conversion costs, as well as costs related to supply chain investments, which were partially offset by a higher level of sales, including pricing actions in response to the inflationary cost environment, and cci-led cost savings, all as compared to the prior year. segment operating margin for our flavor solutions segment decreased by 450
basis points in 2022 to 8.0% driven by a lower segment gross margin, including the margin dilutive impact of pricing actions, the impact of the inflationary cost environment, and higher conversion costs, including the costs related to our supply chain investments, partially offset by cci-led cost savings and a decrease in sg&a as percentage of sales associated with the favorable impact of fixed and semi-fixed expenses over a higher sales base, all as compared to the 2021 level. on a constant currency basis, segment operating income for our flavor solutions segment decreased by 27.9% in 2022, as compared to 2021.
results of operations-2021 compared to 2020
2021                                                                                              2020
net sales                                                               $6,317.9          $5,601.3
percent growth                                                              12.8   %           4.7   %
components of percent growth in net sales-increase (decrease):
volume and product mix                                                       5.5   %           3.7   %
pricing actions                                                              0.8   %           1.6   %
acquisitions                                                                 4.1   %             -   %
foreign exchange                                                             2.4   %         (0.6)   %
sales for 2021 increased by 12.8% from 2020 and by 10.4% on a constant currency basis. that 12.8% sales increase was driven by higher sales in both our consumer and flavor solutions segments. on a consolidated basis, higher volume and favorable product mix increased sales by 5.5% while pricing actions, which were primarily taken in the fourth quarter, added 0.8% to sales. that net volume increase and favorable mix was driven by continued levels of strong demand within our consumer segment, as the shift in consumer behavior toward at-home meal preparation, first seen in 2020 as a response to actions taken to mitigate the spread of covid-19, has persisted. in addition, our flavor solutions segment volume increased principally due to a recovery in demand for away-from-home products, including higher sales to our branded food service customers, as compared to 2020. sales were also impacted by favorable foreign currency rates that increased net sales 2.4% compared to 2020 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 10.4% on a constant currency basis.
2021                                                    2020
gross profit                  $2,494.6          $2,300.4
gross profit margin               39.5   %          41.1   %
in 2021, our gross profit margin decreased 160 basis points to 39.5% from 41.1% in 2020. the decline was driven by the impact of increased commodity, packaging materials and transportation costs, higher conversion costs, which includes costs associated with covid-19, and a less favorable mix in sales between our consumer and flavor solutions segments as compared to 2020. these unfavorable impacts were partially offset by savings from our cci program, pricing actions, improved product mix and the accretive impact of the cholula and fona acquisitions, each as compared to the prior year. in addition, our 2021 gross profit margin was burdened by (i) $6.3 million of transaction expense, representing the amortization of the fair value adjustment to the acquired inventories of cholula and fona upon our sale of those acquired inventories, and (ii) a non-cash special charge of $4.7 million associated with the exit of a low margin business in our asia/pacific region. excluding the transaction expense and special charges, adjusted gross profit margin decreased by 140 basis points from 41.1% in 2020 to 39.7% for the year ended november 30, 2021.
2021                                                                               2020
selling, general &amp; administrative expense            $1,404.1          $1,281.6
percent of net sales                                         22.3   %          22.9   %
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense was $1,404.1 million in 2021 compared to $1,281.6 million in 2020, an increase of $122.5 million. that increase in sg&a expense was primarily a result of (i) sg&a associated with the cholula and fona acquisitions; (ii) greater selling and distribution expenses associated with the higher sales volume; and (iii) increased brand marketing costs, all as compared to the corresponding period in 2020. those increases were partially offset by lower performance-based employee incentive expenses, as compared to the prior year. sg&a as a percent of net sales for 2021 decreased by 60 basis points from the prior year level, driven by the impact of the leverage of fixed and semi-fixed expenses over a higher level of sales during the 2021 period.
2021                                                                       2020
special charges included in cost of goods sold           $4.7            $-
other special charges                                        46.4           6.9
total special charges                                   $51.1          $6.9
we regularly evaluate whether to implement changes to our organization structure to reduce fixed costs, simplify and/or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness, and we expect to continue to evaluate such actions in the future. from time to time, those changes are of such significance in terms of both up-front costs and organizational/ structural impact that we obtain advance approval from our management committee and classify expenses related to those changes as special charges in our financial statements.
during 2021, we recorded $51.1 million of special charges, consisting principally of (i) $19.5 million associated with our exit of our rice product line in india, as more fully described below, (ii) $6.2 million associated with the transition of a manufacturing facility in emea, (iii) streamlining actions of $10.3 million in the americas region and $4.8 million in the emea region, and (iv) a non-cash asset impairment charge of $6.0 million associated with an administrative site that was sold in conjunction with our decision to employ a hybrid work environment. as more fully described in note 3 of our notes of consolidated financial statements, the $19.5 million special charge associated with the exit of our rice product line in india consisted of an $11.2 million non-cash impairment charge associated with the impairment of certain intangible assets, $3.6 million of employee severance and other related exit costs, and a $4.7 million charge in cost of goods sold which represents a provision for the excess of the carrying value of rice inventories over the estimated net realizable value and a contractual obligation associated with terminating a rice supply agreement.
during 2020, we recorded $6.9 million of special charges, consisting of $5.3 million related to streamlining actions in our emea region and $1.6 million related to our ge initiative.
2021                                                                             2020
transaction expenses included in cost of goods sold            $6.3            $-
other transaction and integration expenses                         29.0          12.4
total transaction and integration expenses                    $35.3         $12.4
during 2021, we recorded transaction and integration expenses of $35.3 million related to our acquisitions of cholula and fona. these costs consisted of (i) $6.3 million of amortization of the acquisition-date fair value adjustment of inventories that is included in cost of goods sold, (ii) $13.8 million of other transaction expenses primarily related to outside advisory, service and consulting costs, and (iii) $15.2 million of integration expenses. transaction and integration expenses related to our acquisitions of cholula and fona of $11.2 million and $1.2 million, respectively, were incurred late in fiscal 2020.
2021                                                  2020
operating income              $1,015.1          $999.5
percent of net sales              16.1   %        17.8   %
operating income increased by $15.6 million, or 1.6%, from $999.5 million in 2020 to $1,015.1 million in 2021. special charges and transaction and integration expenses increased by $67.1 million in 2021, as compared to 2020, and negatively impacted operating income. operating income as a percentage of net sales declined by 170 basis points in 2021, to 16.1% in 2021 from 17.8% in 2020 as a result of the factors previously described. excluding the effect of special charges and transaction and integration expenses previously described, adjusted operating income was $1,101.5 million in 2021 as compared to $1,018.8 million in 2020, an increase of $82.7 million or 8.1% over the 2020 level. adjusted operating income as a percentage of net sales declined by 80 basis points in 2021, to 17.4% in 2021 from 18.2% in 2020.
2021                                             2020
interest expense           $136.6          $135.6
other income, net            17.3            17.6
interest expense was $1.0 million higher for 2021 as compared to the prior year as an increase in average total borrowings was largely offset by a decrease in interest rates. other income, net for 2021 decreased by $0.3 million as lower non-service cost income associated with our pension and postretirement benefit plans was partially offset by higher interest income, as compared to 2020. the decrease was also impacted by non-operating foreign currency transaction gains in 2021, as compared to non-operating foreign currency transaction losses in the prior period.
2021                                                                                    2020
income from consolidated operations before income taxes           $895.8          $881.5
income tax expense                                                 192.7           174.9
effective tax rate                                                  21.5   %        19.8   %
the provision for income taxes is based on the estimate of the annual effective tax rate adjusted to reflect the tax impact of items discrete to the fiscal period. we record tax expense or tax benefits that do not relate to ordinary income in the current fiscal year discretely in the period in which such items occur pursuant to the requirements of u.s. gaap. examples of such types of discrete items not related to ordinary income include, but are not limited to, excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation, changes in estimates of the outcome of tax matters related to prior years, including reversals of reserves upon the lapsing of statutes of limitations, provision-to-return adjustments, the settlement of tax audits, changes in enacted tax rates, changes in the assessment of deferred tax valuation allowances, acquisition related deferred tax adjustments, and the tax effects of certain intra-entity asset transfers (other than inventory).
the effective tax rate was 21.5% in 2021 as compared to 19.8% in 2020. the increase in our effective tax rate was principally attributable to the lower level of net discrete tax benefits in 2021 as compared to 2020. net discrete tax benefits were $26.6 million in 2021, a decrease of $16.8 million from $43.4 million in 2020. discrete tax benefits in both the 2021 and 2020 periods included excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation ($4.3 million and $14.2 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively), the reversal of reserves for unrecognized tax benefits ($22.5 million and $4.9 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively) due to, in 2021, the partial release of certain reserves for an unrecognized tax benefit and related interest in a non-u.s. jurisdiction based on a change in our assessment of the technical merits of that position associated with the availability of new information, and in both years due to the expiration of the statutes of limitations, the release of valuation allowances due to a change in judgment about realizability of deferred tax assets ($4.4 million and $11.9 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively) and other discrete items. in 2021, discrete tax items included $4.0 million of tax benefits related to the revaluation of deferred taxes resulting from enacted legislation and $10.4 million of deferred state tax expense directly related to our december 2020 acquisition of fona. in 2020, discrete tax items included $9.9 million of tax benefits associated with intra-entity asset transfers that occurred. see note 13 of notes to our consolidated financial statements for a more detailed reconciliation of the u.s. federal tax rate with the effective tax rate.
2021                                                             2020
income from unconsolidated operations          $52.2        $40.8
income from unconsolidated operations, which is presented net of the elimination of earnings attributable to non-controlling interests, increased $11.4 million in 2021 from the prior year, driven by an after-tax gain of $13.4 million on the sale of our 26% interest in eastern condiments private ltd. (eastern), an unconsolidated operation, during our second quarter of 2021, as more fully described in note 5 of the notes to the accompanying financial statements. we own 50% of most of our unconsolidated joint ventures, including our largest joint venture, mccormick de mexico, that comprised 62% and 75% of the income of our unconsolidated operations in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the relative impact of mccormick de mexico on income from unconsolidated operations in 2021 was impacted by the gain on our sale of an unconsolidated operation.
we reported diluted earnings per share of $2.80 in 2021, compared to $2.78 in 2020. the table below outlines the major components of the change in diluted earnings per share from 2020 to 2021. the increase in operating income in the table below includes the impact from favorable currency exchange rates in 2021.
2020 earnings per share-diluted                                                                                                   $2.78
increase in operating income                                                                                                       0.25
increase in special charges                                                                                                      (0.15)
increase in transaction and integration expenses, including impact of net discrete tax item related to fona acquisition          (0.10)
impact of income taxes, excluding taxes on special charges and transaction and integration expenses                              (0.01)
increase in income from unconsolidated operations, including the after-tax gain on sale of unconsolidated operation of             0.04
$0.05 per diluted share impact of higher shares                                                                                                          (0.01)
2021 earnings per share-diluted                                                                                                   $2.80
results of operations-segments consumer segment
2021                                                                                              2020
net sales                                                               $3,937.5          $3,596.7
percent growth                                                               9.5   %          10.0   %
components of percent growth in net sales-increase (decrease):
volume and product mix                                                       4.3   %           8.8   %
pricing actions                                                              0.6   %           1.5   %
acquisitions                                                                 2.4   %             -   %
foreign exchange                                                             2.2   %         (0.3)   %
segment operating income                                                  $804.9            $780.9
segment operating income margin                                             20.4   %          21.7   %
sales of our consumer segment in 2021 grew by 9.5% as compared to 2020 and grew by 7.3% on a constant currency basis. this increase included higher sales of our consumer business in each of our three regions. higher volume and product mix increased sales 4.3% while pricing actions added 0.6% to sales, both as compared to the prior year. the incremental impact of the cholula acquisition added 2.4% to segment sales during 2021. the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates increased consumer segment sales by 2.2% compared to 2020 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 7.3% on a constant currency basis.
in the americas region, consumer sales increased 7.3% in 2021 as compared to 2020, which experienced a 13.9% increase in sales from the 2019 level as a result of exceptionally strong demand for our products in the early stages of the covid-19 pandemic, and increased by 6.7% on a constant currency basis. favorable volume and product mix increased sales by 3.0% as compared to the corresponding period in 2020, as demand continues to be driven by consumers' sustained preference for eating more at home. in addition, pricing actions, taken in response to higher costs, increased sales by 0.4% as compared to the prior year. the incremental impact of the cholula acquisition added 3.3% to sales in 2021. the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates increased sales by 0.6% compared to 2020 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 6.7% on a constant currency basis.
in the emea region, consumer sales increased 5.8% in 2021 as compared to 2020, which experienced a 14.5% increase in sales from the 2019 level driven by the covid-19 impact on greater consumer at-home meal preparation, and increased by 0.9% on a constant currency basis. favorable volume and product mix increased sales by 0.3% as compared to the corresponding period of 2020. the impact of pricing actions increased sales by 0.6% as compared to the prior year. the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates increased sales by 4.9% compared to 2020 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 0.9% on a constant currency basis.
in the asia/pacific region, consumer sales increased 31.6% in 2021 as compared to 2020, which reflected a 16.6% decrease in sales from the 2019 level due mainly to covid-19 disruption on foodservice sales in china, and increased by 22.9% on a constant currency basis. higher volume and favorable product mix increased sales by 21.5% as compared to the corresponding period in 2020. the increase was driven by sales related to the recovery of demand in away-from-home consumption in china. pricing actions increased sales by 1.4% as compared to 2020. the favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates increased sales by 8.7% compared to 2020 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 22.9% on a constant currency basis.
segment operating income for our consumer segment increased by $24.0 million, or 3.1%, in 2021 as compared to 2020. the increase in segment operating income was driven by higher sales, including the impact of acquisitions, cci-led cost savings and lower incentive-based compensation accruals which were partially offset by increased commodities, packaging materials and transportation costs, increased conversion costs, which include incremental expenses related to covid-19, and higher brand marketing investment, all as compared to the prior year. the impact of covid-19 on segment operating income during 2021 reflected actions, including the incremental impact of temporary arrangements to utilize co-manufacturing, that increased our cost to produce certain products and measures to enable manufacturing and distribution staff to maintain social distancing and permit enhanced cleaning that reduced productivity. segment operating margin for our consumer segment decreased by 130 basis points in 2021 to 20.4%, driven by a decrease in segment gross profit margin, including the impact of the inflationary cost environment, which was partially offset by the benefit from the leverage of fixed and semi-fixed expenses over a higher sales base as compared to the 2020 level. on a constant currency basis, segment operating income for our consumer segment increased by 1.3% in 2021, as compared to 2020.
flavor solutions segment
2021                                                                                              2020
net sales                                                               $2,380.4          $2,004.6
percent growth (decline)                                                    18.7   %         (3.5)   %
components of percent change in net sales-increase (decrease):
volume and product mix                                                       7.2   %         (4.2)   %
pricing actions                                                              1.4   %           1.8   %
acquisitions                                                                 7.3   %             -   %
foreign exchange                                                             2.8   %         (1.1)   %
segment operating income                                                  $296.6            $237.9
segment operating income margin                                             12.5   %          11.9   %
sales of our flavor solutions segment increased 18.7% in 2021 as compared to 2020 and increased by 15.9% on a constant currency basis. sales were favorably impacted by the recovery of demand as compared to the lower level of demand in 2020 due to the impact of the covid-19 disruption on our quick service restaurant and branded food service customers, particularly in the americas and emea regions. favorable volume and product mix increased segment sales by 7.2% as compared to 2020, while pricing actions taken in response to increased costs during the period increased sales by 1.4%. the incremental impact of the cholula and fona acquisitions increased sales by 7.3% in 2021. the favorable impact of foreign currency rates increased flavor solutions segment sales by 2.8% as compared to 2020 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 15.9% on a constant currency basis.
in the americas region, flavor solutions sales increased by 16.6% during 2021 as compared to 2020, which experienced a sales decline of 3.5% from the 2019 level driven by lower sales to quick service restaurant and branded food service customers as a result of covid-19 restrictions imposed in the early stages of the pandemic, and increased by 15.4% on a constant currency basis. favorable volume and improved product mix increased flavor solutions sales in the americas by 3.2% during 2021, driven primarily by increased sales to branded foodservice and quick service restaurant customers. pricing actions increased sales by 1.7% as compared to the prior year. the incremental impact of the cholula and fona acquisitions increased sales by 10.5% in 2021. a favorable impact from foreign currency rates increased sales by 1.2% compared to 2020 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 15.4% on a constant currency basis.
in the emea region, flavor solutions sales in 2021 increased by 27.3% as compared to 2020, which experienced a sales decline of 5.5% from the 2019 level primarily as a result of decreased sales to quick service restaurants and lower branded food service sales that were partially offset by higher demand from packaged food service companies in response to covid-19 restrictions implemented in 2020, and increased by 21.5% on a constant currency basis. favorable volume and product mix increased segment sales by 19.8% in 2021 as compared to 2020. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales to branded foodservice, packaged food and quick service restaurant customers. pricing actions increased sales by 1.7% in 2021 as compared the prior year level. a favorable impact from foreign currency rates increased sales by 5.8% compared to 2020 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 21.5% on a constant currency basis.
in the asia/pacific region, flavor solutions sales increased 16.9% in 2021 as compared to 2020, which experienced a sales increase of 0.4% from the 2019 level driven by higher sales to quick service restaurant customers, and increased by 9.4% on a constant currency basis. favorable volume and product mix increased sales by 10.6%, driven by higher sales to quick service restaurant customers. pricing actions decreased sales by 1.2% as compared to the prior year. a favorable impact from foreign currency rates increased sales by 7.5% compared to 2020 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 9.4% on a constant currency basis.
segment operating income for our flavor solutions segment increased by $58.7 million, or 24.7%, in 2021 as compared to 2020. the increase in segment operating income was driven by higher sales, including the impact of acquisitions, cci-led cost savings, lower incentive-based compensation accruals and favorable product mix, which was partially offset by increased commodities, packaging materials and transportation costs. segment operating margin for our flavor solutions segment increased by 60 basis points in 2021 to 12.5% as the benefits from the leverage of fixed and semi-fixed expenses over a higher sales base as compared to the 2020 level, together with the accretive impact of the cholula and fona acquisitions on gross margins, were partially offset by the impact of the inflationary cost environment as compared to 2020. on a constant currency basis, segment operating income for our flavor solutions segment increased by 22.5% in 2021, as compared to 2020.
non-gaap financial measures the following tables include financial measures of adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross profit margin, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating income margin, adjusted income tax expense, adjusted income tax rate, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share. these represent non-gaap financial measures which are prepared as a complement to our financial results prepared in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles. these financial measures exclude the impact, as applicable, of the following:
•special charges - special charges consist of expenses and income associated with certain actions undertaken by us to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness and are of such significance in terms of both up-front costs and organizational/structural impact to require advance approval by our management committee. upon presentation of any such proposed action (generally including details with respect to estimated costs, which typically consist principally of employee severance and related benefits, together with ancillary costs associated with the action that may include a non-cash component, such as an asset impairment, or a component which relates to inventory adjustments that are included in cost of goods sold; impacted employees or operations; expected timing; and expected savings) to the management committee and the committee's advance approval, expenses associated with the approved action are classified as special charges upon recognition and monitored on an ongoing basis through completion. special charges for the year ended november 30, 2022 include a $13.6 million gain associated with the sale of the kohinoor brand name. we exited our kohinoor rice product line in india in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021.
•transaction and integration expenses associated with the cholula and fona acquisitions - we exclude certain costs associated with our acquisitions of cholula and fona in november and december 2020, respectively, and their subsequent integration into the company. such costs, which we refer to as "transaction and integration expenses," include transaction costs associated with each acquisition, as well as integration costs following the respective acquisition, including the impact of the acquisition date fair value adjustment for inventories, together with the impact of discrete tax items, if any, directly related to each acquisition.
•income from sale of unconsolidated operations - we exclude the gain realized upon our sale of an unconsolidated operation in march 2021. as more fully described in note 5 of the notes to the accompanying financial statements, the sale of our 26% interest in eastern condiments resulted in a gain of $13.4 million, net of tax of $5.7 million. the gain is included in income from unconsolidated operations in our consolidated income statement for the year ended november 30, 2021.
•gain on sale of kitchen basics - we exclude the gain realized upon our sale of the kitchen basics business in august 2022. as more fully described in note 17 of the notes to the accompanying financial statements, the pre-tax gain associated with the sale was $49.6 million and is included in other income, net in our consolidated income statement for the year ended november 30, 2022.
details with respect to the composition of transaction and integration expenses, special charges, income from the sale of unconsolidated operations, and gain on sale of kitchen basics for the years and in the amounts set forth below are included in notes 2, 3, and 5, of notes to our consolidated financial statements.
we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are important. the exclusion of the items noted above provides additional information that enables enhanced comparisons to prior periods and, accordingly, facilitates the development of future projections and earnings growth prospects. this information is also used by management to measure the profitability of our ongoing operations and analyze our business performance and trends.
these non-gaap financial measures may be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with gaap, but they should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, gaap results. in addition, these non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies because other companies may not calculate them in the same manner that we do. we intend to continue to provide these non-gaap financial measures as part of our future earnings discussions and, therefore, the inclusion of these non-gaap financial measures will provide consistency in our financial reporting.
a reconciliation of these non-gaap financial measures to gaap financial results is provided below:
2022                                                                                                                   2021              2020
gross profit                                                                                 $2,274.5          $2,494.6          $2,300.4
impact of transaction and integration expenses included in cost of goods sold (1)                   -               6.3                 -
impact of special charges included in cost of goods sold(2)                                         -               4.7                 -
adjusted gross profit                                                                        $2,274.5          $2,505.6          $2,300.4
adjusted gross profit margin (3)                                                                 35.8   %          39.7   %          41.1   %
operating income                                                                               $863.6          $1,015.1            $999.5
impact of transaction and integration expenses included in cost of goods sold (1)                   -               6.3                 -
impact of other transaction and integration expenses (1)                                          2.2              29.0              12.4
impact of special charges included in cost of goods sold(2)                                         -               4.7                 -
impact of other special charges(2)                                                               51.6              46.4               6.9
adjusted operating income                                                                      $917.4          $1,101.5          $1,018.8
% (decrease) increase versus prior year                                                        (16.7)   %           8.1   %           4.1   %
adjusted operating income margin (3)                                                             14.4   %          17.4   %          18.2   %
income tax expense                                                                             $168.6            $192.7            $174.9
impact of transaction and integration expenses(1)                                                 0.6             (2.7)               1.9
impact of special charges(2)                                                                     13.3               7.1               2.1
impact of sale of kitchen basics                                                               (11.6)                 -                 -
adjusted income tax expense                                                                    $170.9            $197.1            $178.9
adjusted income tax rate(4)                                                                      20.9   %          20.1   %          19.9   %
net income                                                                                     $682.0            $755.3            $747.4
impact of transaction and integration expenses(1)                                                 1.6              38.0              10.5
impact of special charges(2)                                                                     38.3              44.0               4.8
impact of after-tax gain on sale of kitchen basics                                             (38.0)                 -                 -
impact of after-tax gain on sale of unconsolidated operations                                       -            (13.4)                 -
adjusted net income                                                                            $683.9            $823.9            $762.7
% (decrease) increase versus prior year                                                        (17.0)   %           8.0   %           6.3   %
earnings per share-diluted                                                                      $2.52             $2.80             $2.78
impact of transaction and integration expenses(1)                                                0.01              0.14              0.04
impact of special charges(2)                                                                     0.14              0.16              0.01
impact of after-tax gain on sale of kitchen basics                                             (0.14)
impact of after-tax gain on sale of unconsolidated operations                                       -            (0.05)                 -
adjusted earnings per share-diluted                                                             $2.53             $3.05             $2.83
(1)                                                                                                                                                                              transaction and integration expenses are more fully described in note 2 of notes to our consolidated financial statements and include transaction and integration expenses associated with our acquisitions of cholula and fona. these expenses include the effect of the fair value adjustment to acquired inventories on cost of goods sold and the impact of a discrete deferred state income tax expense item, directly related to our december 2020 acquisition of fona. the discrete tax item had an unfavorable impact of $10.4 million or $0.04 per diluted share for the year ended november 30, 2021.
(2)                    special charges are more fully described in note 3 of notes to our accompanying consolidated financial statements. special charges for the year ended november 30, 2022 include a $10.0 million non-cash intangible asset impairment charge associated with our exit of our business operations in russia. we exited our kohinoor rice product line in india in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. special charges for the year ended november 30, 2022 include a $13.6 million gain associated with the sale of the kohinoor brand name. special charges for the year ended november 30, 2021 include $4.7 million which is reflected in cost of goods sold and an $11.2 million non-cash impairment charge associated with the impairment of certain intangible assets.
(3)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    adjusted gross profit margin is calculated as adjusted gross profit as a percent of net sales for each period presented. adjusted operating income margin is calculated as adjusted operating income as a percent of net sales for each period presented.
(4)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             adjusted income tax rate is calculated as adjusted income tax expense as a percentage of income from consolidated operations before income taxes, excluding transaction and integration expenses and special charges, or $817.0 million, $982.2 million, and $900.8 million for the years ended november 30, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
estimate for the year ending november 30, 2023
earnings per share - diluted                                                               $2.42 to $2.47
impact of special charges                                                                            0.14
adjusted earnings per share - diluted                                                      $2.56 to $2.61
because we are a multi-national company, we are subject to variability of our reported u.s. dollar results due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. those changes have been volatile over the past several years. the exclusion of the effects of foreign currency exchange, or what we refer to as amounts expressed "on a constant currency basis," is a non-gaap measure. we believe that this non-gaap measure provides additional information that enables enhanced comparison to prior periods excluding the translation effects of changes in rates of foreign currency exchange and provides additional insight into the underlying performance of our operations located outside of the u.s. it should be noted that our presentation herein of amounts and percentage changes on a constant currency basis does not exclude the impact of foreign currency transaction gains and losses (that is, the impact of transactions denominated in other than the local currency of any of our subsidiaries in their local currency reported results).
percentage changes in sales and adjusted operating income expressed on a constant currency basis are presented excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange. to present this information for historical periods, current year results for entities reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar are translated into u.s. dollars at the average exchange rates in effect during the prior fiscal year, rather than at the actual average exchange rates in effect during the current fiscal year. as a result, the foreign currency impact is equal to the current year results in local currencies multiplied by the change in the average foreign currency exchange rate between the current year and the prior fiscal year. the tables set forth below present our growth in net sales and adjusted operating income on a constant currency basis as follows: (1) to present our growth in net sales and adjusted operating income for 2022 on a constant currency basis, net sales and adjusted operating income for 2022 for entities reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar have been translated using the average foreign exchange rates in effect for 2021 and compared to the reported results for 2021; and (2) to present our growth in net sales and adjusted operating income for 2021 on a constant currency basis, net sales and operating income for 2021 for entities reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar have been translated using the average foreign exchange rates in effect for 2020 and compared to the reported results for 2020.
for the year ended november 30, 2022
percentage change       impact of foreign currency exchange       percentage change on constant currency basis as reported net sales:
consumer segment:
americas                                       (1.1)       %                       (0.2)             %                             (0.9)                %
emea                                          (14.7)       %                       (9.6)             %                             (5.1)                %
asia/pacific                                  (10.1)       %                       (2.0)             %                             (8.1)                %
total consumer                                 (4.6)       %                       (2.1)             %                             (2.5)                %
flavor solutions segment:
americas                                        11.4       %                       (0.3)             %                              11.7                %
emea                                             5.5       %                      (11.7)             %                              17.2                %
asia/pacific                                   (0.2)       %                       (5.4)             %                               5.2                %
total flavor solutions                           8.9       %                       (3.2)             %                              12.1                %
total net sales                                  0.5       %                       (2.5)             %                               3.0                %
adjusted operating income:
consumer segment                              (11.7)       %                       (0.8)             %                            (10.9)                %
flavor solutions segment                      (30.3)       %                       (2.4)             %                            (27.9)                %
total adjusted operating income               (16.7)       %                       (1.2)             %                            (15.5)                %
for the year ended november 30, 2021
percentage change       impact of foreign currency exchange       percentage change on constant currency basis as reported net sales:
consumer segment:
americas                                         7.3       %                         0.6             %                               6.7                %
emea                                             5.8       %                         4.9             %                               0.9                %
asia/pacific                                    31.6       %                         8.7             %                              22.9                %
total consumer                                   9.5       %                         2.2             %                               7.3                %
flavor solutions segment:
americas                                        16.6       %                         1.2             %                              15.4                %
emea                                            27.3       %                         5.8             %                              21.5                %
asia/pacific                                    16.9       %                         7.5             %                               9.4                %
total flavor solutions                          18.7       %                         2.8             %                              15.9                %
total net sales                                 12.8       %                         2.4             %                              10.4                %
adjusted operating income:
consumer segment                                 3.1       %                         1.8             %                               1.3                %
flavor solutions segment                        24.7       %                         2.2             %                              22.5                %
total adjusted operating income                  8.1       %                         1.9             %                               6.2                %
to present the percentage change in projected 2023 net sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share - diluted on a constant currency basis, 2023 projected local currency net sales, adjusted operating income, and adjusted net income for entities reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar are translated into u.s. dollars at currently prevailing exchange rates and are compared to those 2023 local currency projected results, translated into u.s. dollars at the average actual exchange rates in effect during the corresponding months in fiscal year 2022 to determine what the 2023 consolidated u.s. dollar net sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share - diluted would have been if the relevant currency exchange rates had not changed from those of the comparable 2022 periods.
liquidity and financial condition
2022                                                                                 2021              2020
net cash provided by operating activities                      $651.5          $828.3          $1,041.3
net cash used in investing activities                         (146.4)         (908.6)         (1,025.6)
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities           (487.2)            22.0             220.9
the primary objective of our financing strategy is to maintain a prudent capital structure that provides us flexibility to pursue our growth objectives. we use a combination of equity and short- and long-term debt. we use short-term debt, comprised primarily of commercial paper, principally to finance ongoing operations, including our requirements for working capital (accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, and inventories, less accounts payable, accrued payroll, and other accrued liabilities). we are committed to maintaining investment grade credit ratings.
our cash flows from operations enable us to fund operating projects and investments that are designed to meet our growth objectives, service our debt, fund or increase our quarterly dividends, fund capital projects and other investments, and make share repurchases when appropriate. due to the cyclical nature of a portion of our business, our cash flow from operations has historically been the strongest during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. due to the timing of the interest payments on our debt, interest payments are higher in the first and third quarter of our fiscal year.
we believe that our sources of liquidity, which include existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, existing credit facilities, our commercial paper program, and access to capital markets, will provide sufficient liquidity to meet our debt obligations, including any repayment of debt or refinancing of debt, working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, and payment of anticipated quarterly dividends for at least the next twelve months.
in the cash flow statement, the changes in operating assets and liabilities are presented excluding the translation effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, as these do not reflect actual cash flows. in addition, in the cash flow statement, the changes in operating assets and liabilities are presented excluding the effect of acquired or disposed operating assets and liabilities, as the cash flows associated with acquisition or dispositions of businesses is presented as an investing activity. accordingly, the amounts in the cash flow statement do not agree with changes in the operating assets and liabilities that are presented in the balance sheet.
the reported values of our assets and liabilities held in our non-u.s. subsidiaries and affiliates can be significantly affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates between periods. at november 30, 2022, the exchange rates for the euro, british pound sterling, canadian dollar, chinese renminbi, australian dollar, and polish zloty were lower than the u.s. dollar than at november 30, 2021.
operating cash flow - operating cash flow was $651.5 million in 2022, $828.3 million in 2021, and $1,041.3 million in 2020. net income as well as our working capital management, as more fully described below, impacted operating cash flow. in 2022, the decrease was primarily driven by lower net income, including the effect of net income associated with the gain on sale of our kitchen basics business and an intangible asset that are reflected as investing cash flows as well as the timing of certain employee incentive payments. in 2021, the reduction in operating cash flow was the result of increased inventory levels to protect against supply disruption, employee incentive payments, and the payment of transaction and integration costs related to our recent acquisitions. in 2020, the increase in operating cash flow was the result of a significantly lower use of cash associated with other assets and liabilities, including the timing of certain employee incentive and customer related payments, which was partially offset by the use of cash associated with working capital, driven by the increased level of inventory to meet demand.
our working capital management - principally related to inventory, trade accounts receivable, and accounts payable - impacts our operating cash flow. the change in inventory was a significant use of cash from operations in 2022, 2021, and 2020. the change in trade accounts receivable was a use of cash in 2022 and 2021 but a source of cash in 2020. the change in accounts payable was a significant source of cash in 2022 and 2020 and a more moderate source of cash in 2021.
in addition to operating cash flow, we also use cash conversion cycle (ccc) to measure our working capital management. this metric is different than operating cash flow in that it uses average balances instead of specific point in time measures. ccc is a calculation of the number of days, on average, that it takes us to convert a cash outlay for resources, such as raw materials, to a cash inflow from collection of accounts receivable. our goal is to lower our ccc over time. we calculate ccc as follows:
days sales outstanding (average trade accounts receivable divided by average daily net sales) plus days in inventory (average inventory divided by average daily cost of goods sold) less days payable outstanding (average trade accounts payable divided by average daily cost of goods sold plus the average daily change in inventory).
the following table outlines our cash conversion cycle (in days) over the last three years:
2022                                          2021        2020
cash conversion cycle            51         46          39
the increase in ccc in 2022 from 2021 was due primarily to an increase in our days in inventory as a result of cost inflation, strategic purchases to avoid shipping challenges, and lower than forecasted sales. the increase in ccc in 2021 from 2020 was due primarily to an increase in our days in inventory as a result of efforts to protect against supply chain disruption and to meet increased demand. during both periods, the increase in days in inventory was partially offset by an increase in our days payable outstanding.
we offer certain suppliers access to a third-party supply chain finance program (scf) with several global financial institutions (scf banks). under the scf, qualifying suppliers may elect to sell their receivables from us to an scf bank. these participating suppliers negotiate their receivables sales arrangements directly with the respective scf bank. while we are not party to those agreements, the scf banks allow the participating suppliers to utilize our creditworthiness in establishing credit spreads and associated costs. this generally provides the suppliers with more favorable terms than they would be able to secure on their own. we have no economic interest in a supplier's decision to sell a receivable. once a qualifying supplier elects to participate in the scf and reaches an agreement with a scf bank, the supplier elects which of our individual invoices they sell to the scf bank. however, all of our payments to participating suppliers are paid to the scf bank on the invoice due date, regardless of whether the individual invoice is sold by the supplier to the scf bank. the scf bank pays the supplier on the invoice due date for any invoices that were not previously sold by the supplier to the scf bank. the program has been in place for over five years and commenced near the same time we began an initiative to negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers in response to evolving market practices.
the terms of our payment obligation are not impacted by a supplier's participation in the scf. our payment terms with our suppliers for similar materials within individual markets are consistent between those suppliers that elect to participate in the scf and those suppliers that do not participate. accordingly, our average days outstanding are not significantly impacted by the portion of suppliers or related input costs that are included in the scf. for our participating suppliers, we believe substantially all of their receivables with us are sold to the scf banks. accordingly, we would expect that at each balance sheet date, a similar proportion of amounts originally due to suppliers would instead be payable to scf banks. all outstanding amounts related to suppliers participating in the scf are recorded within the line entitled "trade accounts payable" in our consolidated balance sheets, and the associated payments are included in operating activities within our consolidated statements of cash flows. as of november 30, 2022 and 2021, the amount due to suppliers participating in the scf and included in "trade accounts payable" were approximately $347.0 million and $274.3 million, respectively.
future changes in our suppliers' financing policies or economic developments, such as changes in interest rates, general market liquidity or our creditworthiness relative to participating suppliers could impact those suppliers' participation in the scf and/or our ability to negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers. however, any such impacts are difficult to predict.
investing cash flow - net cash used in investing activities was $146.4 million in 2022, $908.6 million in 2021, and $1,025.6 million in 2020. our primary investing cash flows include the usage of cash associated with acquisition of businesses and capital expenditures as well as cash provided by sale of businesses, unconsolidated operations, or other assets. cash usage related to our acquisition of businesses was $706.4 million and $803.0 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. capital expenditures, including expenditures for capitalized software, were $262.0 million in 2022, $278.0 million in 2021, and $225.3 million in 2020. we expect 2023 capital expenditures to approximate $280 million to support our planned growth. in 2022, we received $95.2 million net cash proceeds received from the sale of our kitchen basics business and $13.6 million net cash proceeds received on the sale of the kohinoor brand name which are more fully discussed in notes 2 and 3, respectively, of notes to our consolidated financial statements. our primary investing cash inflow in 2021 was the $65.4 million of proceeds received from the sale of an unconsolidated operation, as more fully discussed in note 5 of notes to our consolidated financial statements.
financing cash flow - net cash associated with financing activities was a use of cash of $487.2 million in 2022 and a source of cash of $22.0 million and $220.9 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the variability between years is principally a result of changes in our net borrowings, share repurchase activity and dividends, all as described below.
the following table outlines our net borrowing activities:
2022                                                                                                  2021            2020
net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings                              $698.3          $(346.7)          $286.5
proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs               -             999.6           525.9
repayments of long-term debt                                                 (772.0)           (257.1)         (257.7)
net cash (used in) provided from net borrowing activities                    $(73.7)            $395.8          $554.7
in 2022, we repaid $772.0 million of long-term debt, including the $750 million, 2.70% notes that matured on august 15, 2022.
in 2021, we borrowed $1,001.5 million under long-term borrowing arrangements, including net proceeds of $495.7 million of 0.9% notes due february 2026 and net proceeds of $492.8 million of 1.85% notes due february 2031. the net proceeds from these issuances were used to pay down short-term borrowings, including a portion of the $1,443.0 million of commercial paper issued to fund our acquisitions of cholula and fona, and for general corporate purposes. we also repaid $257.1 million of long-term debt, including the $250 million, 3.90% notes that matured in july 2021.
in 2020, we borrowed $527.0 million under long-term borrowing arrangements, including net proceeds of $495.0 million of 2.5% notes due april 2030. we also repaid $257.7 million of long-term debt, including $250.0 million associated with our term loans due in august 2022.
the following table outlines the activity in our share repurchase programs:
2022                                                        2021          2020
number of shares of common stock           0.4           0.1           0.5
dollar amount                            $38.8          $8.6         $47.3
as of november 30, 2022, $537 million remained of a $600 million share repurchase program that was authorized by our board of directors in november 2019. the timing and amount of any shares repurchased is determined by our management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. our share repurchase activity in 2022, 2021, and 2020 has principally been executed in order to mitigate the effect of shares issued upon the exercise of stock options.
during 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received proceeds of $41.4 million, $13.5 million and $56.6 million, respectively, from exercised stock options. we repurchased $19.4 million, $15.4 million and $13.0 million of common stock during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in conjunction with employee tax withholding requirements associated with our stock compensation plans.
our dividend history over the past three years is as follows:
2022                                                         2021            2020
total dividends paid                   $396.7          $363.3          $330.1
dividends paid per share                 1.48            1.36            1.24
percentage increase per share             8.8   %         9.7   %         8.8   %
in november 2022, the board of directors approved a 5.4% increase in the quarterly dividend from $0.37 to $0.39 per share.
most of our cash is in our subsidiaries outside of the u.s. we manage our worldwide cash requirements by considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. those balances are generally available without legal restrictions to fund ordinary business operations, capital projects and future acquisitions. as of november 30, 2022, we have $1.4 billion of earnings from our non-u.s. subsidiaries and joint ventures that are considered indefinitely reinvested. we have not provided any deferred taxes with respect to items such as foreign withholding taxes, other income taxes, or foreign exchange gains or losses. it is not practicable for us to determine the amount of unrecognized tax expense on these reinvested international earnings.
at november 30, 2022, we temporarily used $191.0 million of cash from our non-u.s. subsidiaries to pay down short-term debt in the u.s. during the year, our short-term borrowings vary, but are lower at the end of a year or quarter. the average short-term borrowings outstanding for the years ended november 30, 2022 and 2021 were $1,117.0 million and $1,029.9 million, respectively. those average short-term borrowings outstanding for the year ended november 30, 2022 included average commercial paper borrowings of $1,080.4 million. the total average debt outstanding for the years ended november 30, 2022 and 2021 was $5,422.0 million and $5,574.5 million, respectively.
credit and capital markets - the following summarizes the more significant impacts of credit and capital markets on our business:
credit facilities - cash flows from operating activities are our primary source of liquidity for funding growth, share repurchases, dividends and capital expenditures. we also rely on our revolving credit facilities, or borrowings backed by these facilities, to fund working capital needs and other general corporate requirements.
our committed revolving credit facilities include a five-year $1.5 billion revolving credit facility, which will expire in june 2026 and a 364-day $500 million revolving credit facility, which was entered into in july 2022 and will expire in july 2023. the current pricing for the five-year credit facility, on a fully drawn basis, is libor plus 1.25%. the pricing of that credit facility is based on a credit rating grid that contains a fully drawn maximum pricing of the credit facility equal to libor plus 1.75%. the current pricing for the 364-day credit facility, on a fully drawn basis, is sofr plus 1.23%. the pricing of that credit facility is based on a credit rating grid that contains a fully drawn maximum pricing of the credit facility equal to sofr plus 1.60%.
the provisions of each revolving credit facility restrict subsidiary indebtedness and require us to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio. we do not expect that this covenant would limit our access to either revolving credit facilities for the foreseeable future. the terms of those revolving credit facilities are more fully described in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
we generally use our revolving credit facilities to support our issuance of commercial paper. if the commercial paper market is not available or viable, we could borrow directly under our revolving credit facilities. these facilities are made available by a syndicate of banks, with various commitments per bank. if any of the banks in these syndicates are unable to perform on their commitments, our liquidity could be impacted, which could reduce our ability to grow through funding of seasonal working capital. we engage in regular communication with all banks participating in our credit facilities. during these communications, none of the banks have indicated that they may be unable to perform on their commitments. in addition, we periodically review our banking and financing relationships, considering the stability of the institutions and other aspects of the relationships. based on these communications and our monitoring activities, we believe our banks will perform on their commitments. in addition to our committed revolving credit facilities, we have uncommitted facilities of $302.5 million as of november 30, 2022 that can be withdrawn based upon the lenders' discretion. see note 6 of notes to our consolidated financial statements for more details on our financing arrangements.
we will continue to have cash requirements to support seasonal working capital needs and capital expenditures, to pay interest, to service debt, and to fund acquisitions. as part of our ongoing operations, we enter into contractual arrangements that obligate us to make future cash payments. our primary obligations include principal and interest payments on our outstanding short-term borrowings and long-term debt. in the next year, our most significant debt service obligation is the maturity of our $250.0 million, 3.50% notes due in september 2023. also in july 2023, our $500 million, 364-day revolving credit facility matures. detail on these contractual obligations follows:
material cash requirements the following table reflects a summary of our future material cash requirements as of november 30, 2022:
total           less than               1-3               3-5           more than
1 year             years             years             5 years short-term borrowings                              $1,236.7          $1,236.7                  $-                $-                $-
long-term debt, including finance leases            3,981.1             270.6             1,066.6           1,268.8           1,375.1
interest payments(a)                                  724.5             110.0               176.9             156.3             281.3
total contractual cash obligations                 $5,942.3          $1,617.3            $1,243.5          $1,425.1          $1,656.4
(a)interest payments include interest payments on long-term debt. our short-term borrowings, principally consisting of commercial paper, have short-term maturities. we anticipate total interest expense for the year ending november 30, 2023 to approximate $200 million to $210 million, which we expect will also approximate cash interest payments for the same period. see note 6 of notes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our other cash requirements at year end include raw material purchases, lease payments, income taxes, and pension and postretirement benefits. we acquire various raw materials to satisfy our obligations to our customers, and these outstanding purchase obligations can fluctuate throughout the year based on our response to varying raw material cycles; however, these commitments generally do not extend past one year. in addition, we also have a series of commercial commitments, largely consisting of standby letters of credit. our standby letters of credit, leases, and pension and other post retirement obligations are more fully described in notes 6, 7 and 11, respectively, of notes to our consolidated financial statements.
these obligations impact our liquidity and capital resource needs. to meet those cash requirements, we intend to use our existing cash, cash equivalents and internally generated funds, to borrow under our existing credit facilities or under other short-term borrowing facilities, and depending on market conditions and upon the significance of the cost of a particular debt maturity or acquisition to our then-available sources of funds, to obtain additional short- and long-term financing. we believe that cash provided from these sources will be adequate to meet our future cash requirements.
pension assets and other investments - we hold investments in equity and debt securities in both our qualified defined benefit pension plans and through a rabbi trust for our nonqualified defined benefit pension plan. cash contributions to pension plans, including unfunded plans, were $11.4 million in 2022, $15.0 million in 2021, and $11.9 million in 2020. it is expected that the 2023 total pension plan contributions will be approximately $13 million. future increases or decreases in pension liabilities and required cash contributions are highly dependent upon changes in interest rates and the actual return on plan assets. we base our investment of plan assets, in part, on the duration of each plan's liabilities. across all of our qualified defined benefit pension plans, approximately 55% of assets are invested in equities, 32% in fixed income investments and 13% in other investments. assets associated with our nonqualified defined benefit pension plan are primarily invested in corporate-owned life insurance, the value of which approximates an investment mix of 60% in equities and 40% in fixed income investments. see note 11 of notes to our consolidated financial statements, which provides details on our pension funding.
customers and counterparties - see the subsequent section of this discussion under the heading "market risk sensitivity-credit risk."
acquisitions acquisitions are part of our strategy to increase sales and profits.
on december 30, 2020, we purchased fona. the purchase price was approximately $708 million, net of cash acquired. fona is a leading manufacturer of clean and natural flavors providing solutions for a diverse customer base across various applications for the food, beverage and nutritional markets. our acquisition of fona expands the breadth of our flavor solutions segment into attractive categories, as well as extends our technology platform and strengthens our capabilities. the acquisition was funded with cash and short-term borrowings. the results of fona's operations have been included in our financial statements as a component of our flavor solutions segment from the date of acquisition.
on november 30, 2020, we purchased cholula for approximately $801 million, net of cash acquired. the acquisition was funded with cash and short-term borrowings. cholula, a premium mexican hot sauce brand, is a strong addition to our global branded flavor portfolio, which broadens our offerings in the high growth hot sauce category to consumers and foodservice operators and accelerates our condiment growth opportunities with a complementary authentic mexican flavor hot sauce. the results of cholula's operations have been included in our financial statements as a component of our consumer and flavor solutions segments from the date of acquisition.
see note 2 of notes to our consolidated financial statements for further details regarding these acquisitions.
performance graph - shareholder return the following line graph compares the yearly change in mccormick's cumulative total shareholder return (stock price appreciation plus reinvestment of dividends) on mccormick's non-voting common stock with (1) the cumulative total return of the standard & poor's 500 stock price index, assuming reinvestment of dividends, and
(2) the cumulative total return of the standard & poor's packaged foods & meats index, assuming reinvestment of dividends.
market risk sensitivity we utilize derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk, including foreign exchange and interest rate exposures, which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. we do not enter into contracts for trading purposes, nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instrument. the use of derivative financial instruments is monitored through regular communication with senior management and the utilization of written guidelines. the information presented below should be read in conjunction with notes 6 and 8 of notes to our consolidated financial statements.
foreign exchange risk - we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency in the following main areas: cash flows related to raw material purchases; the translation of foreign currency earnings to u.s. dollars; the effects of foreign currency on loans between subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates and on cash flows related to repatriation of earnings of unconsolidated affiliates. primary exposures include the u.s. dollar versus the euro, british pound sterling, chinese renminbi, canadian dollar, australian dollar, polish zloty, singapore dollar, swiss franc, and mexican peso, as well as the euro versus the british pound sterling, australian dollar, and polish zloty, and finally the canadian dollar versus british pound sterling. we routinely enter into foreign currency exchange contracts to manage certain of these foreign currency risks.
during 2022, the foreign currency translation component in other comprehensive income was principally related to the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our net investments in our subsidiaries with a functional currency of the british pound sterling, euro, polish zloty, chinese renminbi, australian dollar, canadian dollar and mexican peso.
we also utilize cross currency interest rate swap contracts, which are designated as net investment hedges, to manage the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our net investments in subsidiaries with a functional currency of the british pound sterling and euro. gains and losses on these instruments are included in foreign currency translation adjustments in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
the following table summarizes the foreign currency exchange contracts held at november 30, 2022. all contracts are valued in u.s. dollars using year-end 2022 exchange rates and have been designated as hedges of foreign currency transactional exposures, firm commitments or anticipated transactions.
foreign currency exchange contracts at november 30, 2022
currency sold                 currency received                 notional           average          fair value       contractual         value exchange rate british pound sterling        u.s. dollar                     $89.9             1.28            $6.0
swiss franc                   u.s. dollar                      69.6             0.93           (0.2)
canadian dollar               u.s. dollar                      70.4             1.33             1.1
euro                          u.s. dollar                      49.0             1.05             0.2
polish zloty                  u.s. dollar                       9.8             4.67           (0.1)
u.s. dollar                   australian dollar                55.2             0.67               -
u.s. dollar                   singapore dollar                 44.5             1.38             0.2
u.s. dollar                   british pound sterling           30.4             1.20           (0.3)
u.s. dollar                   euro                             34.0             1.04           (0.3)
australian dollar             euro                             22.2             1.49             0.8
polish zloty                  euro                             14.1             4.89           (0.1)
canadian dollar               british pound sterling           28.8             1.54             1.5
british pound sterling        euro                             23.9             0.86             0.3
u.s. dollar                   thai baht                         7.2            36.71             0.4
we had a number of smaller contracts at november 30, 2022 with an aggregate notional value of $11.5 million to purchase or sell other currencies, such as the romanian leu. the aggregate fair value of these contracts was insignificant at november 30, 2022.
at november 30, 2021, we had foreign currency exchange contracts for the euro, british pound sterling, canadian dollar, australian dollar, polish zloty, swiss franc and other currencies, with a notional value of $583.6 million. the aggregate fair value of these contracts was a gain of $5.5 million at november 30, 2021.
we also utilized cross currency interest rate swap contracts that are considered net investment hedges.
as of november 30, 2022 and 2021, we had cross currency interest rate swap contracts of (i) $250 million notional value to receive $250 million at three-month u.s. libor plus 0.685% and pay £194.1 million at three-month gbp sonia plus 0.859% and (ii) £194.1 million notional value to receive £194.1 million at three-month gbp sonia plus 0.859% and pay €221.8 million at three-month euro euribor plus 0.808%. these cross-currency interest rate swap contracts expire in august 2027. in conjunction with the phase-out of libor, during 2022 we amended the terms of this cross currency swaps such that, effective february 15, 2022, we now pay and receive at gbp sonia plus 0.859% (previously gbp libor plus 0.740%).
as of november 30, 2022, we also had cross currency interest rate swap contracts of (i) $250 million notional value to receive $250 million at usd sofr plus 0.684% and pay £184.1 million at gbp sonia plus 0.5740% and (ii) £184.1 million notional value to receive £184.1 million at gbp sonia plus 0.574% and pay €219.2 million at euro estr plus 0.667%. these contracts expire in april 2030.
interest rate risk - our policy is to manage interest rate risk by entering into both fixed and variable rate debt arrangements. we are exposed to interest rate volatility, with primary exposures related to movements in u.s. treasury rates, london interbank offered rates (libor), secured overnight financing rate (sofr), and commercial paper rates. the phase out of libor reference rates will occur at different dates and began on january 1, 2022. arrangements that were entered into during the year ended november 30, 2022, including our $500 million
364-day revolving credit facility expiring in july 2023, fixed to variable interest rate swaps expiring in april 2030, and cross-currency interest rate swaps expiring in april 2030, no longer use libor as a reference rate. however, libor continues to be the reference rate for our variable rate debt, including our $1.5 billion five-year revolving credit facility expiring in july 2026, interest rate swaps expiring in november 2025 and august 2027, and the cross-currency interest rate swaps expiring in august 2027. through the year ended november 30, 2022, there was no material impact to our consolidated financial statements as a result of the libor phase-out, nor do we expect it to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements during the duration of the libor transition period.
we also use interest rate swaps to minimize financing costs and to achieve a desired mix of fixed and variable rate debt. the table that follows provides principal cash flows and related interest rates, excluding the effect of interest rate swaps and the amortization of any discounts or fees, by fiscal year of maturity at november 30, 2022. for foreign currency-denominated debt, the information is presented in u.s. dollar equivalents. variable interest rates are based on the weighted-average rates of the portfolio at the end of the year presented.
years of maturity at november 30, 2022
2023                                                     2024            2025            2026   thereafter          total                    fair value debt fixed rate                         $257.4          $763.1          $258.7          $509.2       $2,134.7            $3,923.1             $3,542.9
average interest rate                3.50   %        3.50   %        3.25   %        0.94   %   1.74          %     -
variable rate                    $1,249.9           $33.8           $11.0              $-       $-                  $1,294.7             $1,294.7
average interest rate                4.20   %        1.85   %        1.84   %           -       -                   -
the table above displays the debt, including finance leases, by the terms of the original debt instrument without consideration of fair value, interest rate swaps and any loan discounts or origination fees. interest rate swaps have the following effects:
•we issued $250 million of 3.50% notes due in 2023 in august 2013. forward treasury lock agreements settled upon issuance of these notes effectively set the interest rate on these notes at a weighted-average fixed rate of 3.30%.
•we issued $250 million of 3.25% notes due in 2025 in november 2015. forward treasury lock agreements settled upon issuance of these notes effectively set the interest rate on these notes at a weighted-average fixed rate of 3.45%. the fixed interest rate on $100 million of the 3.25% notes due in december 2025 was effectively converted to a variable rate by interest rate swaps through the notes maturity in 2025. net interest payments are based on 3-month libor plus 1.22% with an effective variable rate of 5.83% as of november 30, 2022.
•we issued $750 million of 3.40% notes due august 15, 2027 in august 2017. forward treasury lock agreements settled upon issuance of these notes effectively set the interest rate on these $750 million notes at a weighted-average fixed rate of 3.44%. the fixed interest rate on $250 million of the 3.40% notes due in august 2027 was effectively converted to a variable rate by interest rate swaps through the notes maturity in 2027. net interest payments are based on 3-month libor plus 0.685% with an effective variable rate of 5.29% as of november 30, 2022.
•we issued $500 million of 2.50% notes due april 15, 2030. forward treasury lock agreements settled upon issuance of these notes effectively set the interest rate on these $500 million notes at a weighted-average fixed rate of 2.62%. the fixed interest rate on $250 million of the 2.50% notes due in april 2030 was effectively converted to a variable rate by interest rate swaps through the notes maturity in 2030. net interest payments are based on usd sofr plus 0.684% with an effective variable rate of 4.94% as of november 30, 2022.
commodity risk - we purchase certain raw materials which are subject to price volatility caused by weather, market conditions, growing and harvesting conditions, governmental actions and other factors beyond our control. in 2022, our most significant raw materials were dairy products, pepper, onion, capsicums (red peppers and paprika), garlic, wheat products, vegetable oils, and vanilla. while future movements of raw material costs are uncertain, we respond to this volatility in a number of ways, including strategic raw material purchases, purchases of raw material for future delivery and customer price adjustments. we generally have not used derivatives to manage the volatility related to this risk.
credit risk - the customers of our consumer segment are predominantly food retailers and food wholesalers. consolidations in these industries have created larger customers. in addition, competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels including mass merchandisers, dollar stores, warehouse clubs, discount chains and e-commerce. this has caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. some of our customers and counterparties are highly leveraged. we continue to closely monitor the credit worthiness of our customers and counterparties. we feel that the allowance for doubtful accounts properly recognizes trade receivables at realizable value. we consider nonperformance credit risk for other financial instruments to be insignificant.
recently issued accounting pronouncements new accounting pronouncements are issued periodically that affect our current and future operations. see note 1 of notes to our consolidated financial statements for further details of these impacts.
critical accounting estimates and assumptions in preparing the financial statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that have an impact on the assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses reported. these estimates can also affect supplemental information disclosed by us, including information about contingencies, risk and financial condition. we believe, given current facts and circumstances, our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, adhere to u.s. gaap and are consistently applied. inherent in the nature of an estimate or assumption is the fact that actual results may differ from estimates, and estimates may vary as new facts and circumstances arise. in preparing the financial statements, we make routine estimates and judgments in determining the net realizable value of accounts receivable, inventory, fixed assets and prepaid allowances. our most critical accounting estimates and assumptions, which are those that have or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations, are in the following areas:
customer contracts in several of our major geographic markets, the consumer segment sells our products by entering into annual or multi-year customer arrangements. known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments, such as trade discounts, rebates or returns, are estimated at the time of sale. where applicable, future reimbursements are estimated based on current expectations regarding what was earned through these programs as of the balance sheet date. key sales terms, such as pricing and quantities ordered, are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one-year or shorter duration. estimates that affect revenue, such as trade incentives and product returns, are monitored and adjusted each period until the incentives or product returns are realized. certain of our customer arrangements are annual arrangements such that the degree of estimates that affects revenue reduces as a year progresses. we do not believe that there will be significant changes to our estimates of customer consideration when any uncertainties are resolved with customers.
business combinations, goodwill and intangible asset valuation we use the acquisition method in accounting for acquired businesses. under the acquisition method, our financial statements reflect the operations of an acquired business starting from the closing of the acquisition. the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition. any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. significant judgment is often required in estimating the fair value of assets acquired, particularly intangible assets. we generally obtain the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist in estimating fair values of tangible and intangible assets. the fair value estimates are based on available historical information and on expectations and assumptions about the future, considering the perspective of marketplace participants. while management believes those expectations and assumptions are reasonable, they are inherently uncertain. unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions.
determining the useful lives of intangible assets also requires judgment. certain brand intangibles are expected to have indefinite lives based on their history and our plans to continue to support and build the acquired brands, while other acquired intangible assets (e.g., customer relationships) are expected to have determinable useful lives. our estimates of the useful lives of definite-lived intangible assets are primarily based upon historical experience, the competitive and macroeconomic environment, and our operating plans. the costs of definite-lived intangibles are amortized to expense over their estimated life. we review the carrying value of goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets and conduct tests of impairment on an annual basis as described below. we also test for impairment if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. we test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, as more fully described in note 1 of notes to our consolidated financial statements. while we believe those estimates and assumptions are reasonable, they are inherently uncertain. unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions.
goodwill impairmentour reporting units are the same as our operating segments. determining the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, as more fully described in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements. we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model. our discounted cash flow model calculates fair value by present valuing future expected cash flows of our reporting units using a market-based discount rate. we then compare this fair value to the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including intangible assets and goodwill. an impairment charge would be recognized to the extent that the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. the quantitative goodwill impairment test requires an entity to compare the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. as of november 30, 2022, we had $5,212.9 million of goodwill recorded in our balance sheet ($3,568.2 million in the consumer segment and $1,644.7 million in the flavor solutions segment). our fiscal year 2022 impairment testing indicated that the estimated fair values of our reporting units were significantly in excess of their carrying values. accordingly, we believe that only significant changes in the cash flow assumptions would result in an impairment of goodwill. however, variances between the actual performance of the businesses and the assumptions that were used in developing the estimates of fair value could result in impairment charges in future periods.
indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. we estimate fair values through the use of the relief-from-royalty method and then compare those fair values to the related carrying amounts of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. in the event that the fair value of any of the brand names or trademarks are less than their related carrying amounts, a non-cash impairment loss would be recognized in an amount equal to the difference.
the estimation of fair values of our brand names and trademarks requires us to make significant assumptions, including expectations with respect to sales and profits of the respective brands and trademarks, related royalty rates, income tax rates and appropriate discount rates, which are based, in part, upon current interest rates adjusted for our view of reasonable country- and brand-specific risks based upon the past and anticipated future performance of the related brand names and trademarks. the assumptions used to assess impairment consider historical trends, macroeconomic conditions, and projections consistent with our operating strategy. changes in these estimates can have a significant impact on the assessment of fair value which could result in material impairment losses.
as of november 30, 2022, we had $3,043.4 million of brand names assets and trademarks recognized in our consolidated balance sheet, and none of the balances exceeded their estimated fair values at that date. of the $3,043.4 million of brand names assets and trademarks as of november 30, 2022: (i) $2,320.0 million relates to the french's, frank's redhot and cattlemen's brand names and trademarks, recognized as part of our acquisition of rb foods in august 2017, that we group for purposes of our impairment analysis; (ii) $380.0 million relates to the cholula brand names and trademarks associated with the acquisition of cholula in november 2020, (iii) $49.0 million relates to the fona brand names and trademarks associated with the acquisition of fona in december 2020 and (iv) the remaining $294.4 million represents a number of other brand name assets and trademarks with individual carrying values ranging from $0.2 million to $106.4 million. except for four brand names assets and trademarks with a carrying value of approximately $460 million, including our recent acquisitions of cholula and fona, the percentage excess of estimated fair value over respective book values for each of our brand names and trademarks, was 20% or more as of our fourth quarter annual impairment assessment.
the brand names and trademarks related to recent acquisitions, including our recent acquisitions of cholula and fona, may be more susceptible to future impairment as their carrying values represent recently determined fair values. a change in assumptions with respect to recently acquired businesses, including those affected by rising interest rates or a deterioration in expectations of future sales, profitability or royalty rates as well as future economic and market conditions, or higher income tax rates, could result in non-cash impairment losses in the future.
income taxes we estimate income taxes and file tax returns in each of the taxing jurisdictions in which we operate and are required to file a tax return. at the end of each year, an estimate for income taxes is recorded in the financial statements. tax returns are generally filed in the third or fourth quarter of the subsequent year. a reconciliation of the estimate to the final tax return is done at that time, which will result in changes to the original estimate. we believe that our tax return positions are appropriately supported, but tax authorities can challenge certain of our tax positions. we evaluate our uncertain tax positions in accordance with the gaap guidance for uncertainty in income taxes. we recognize a tax benefit when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination, based on its technical merits. the tax position is then measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. a change in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will be recognized in earnings in the quarter of such change. we believe that our reserve for uncertain tax positions, including related interest and penalties, is adequate. as of november 30, 2022, the company had $29.6 million of unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, recorded in other long-term liabilities. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax expense and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision, net income and cash flows. we have recorded valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. in doing so, we have considered future taxable income and tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. both future taxable income and tax planning strategies include a number of estimates, as more fully described in note 1 of notes to our consolidated financial statements.
pension benefits pension plans' costs require the use of assumptions for discount rates, investment returns, projected salary increases, and mortality rates. the actuarial assumptions used in our pension benefit reporting are reviewed annually and compared with external benchmarks to ensure that they appropriately account for our future pension benefit obligations. while we believe that the assumptions used are appropriate, changes in various assumptions and differences between the actual returns on plan assets and the expected returns on plan assets and changes to projected future rates of return on plan assets will affect the amount of pension expense or income ultimately recognized. a 1% increase or decrease in the actuarial assumption for the discount rate would impact 2023 pension benefit expense by approximately $0.4 million. a 1% increase or decrease in the expected return on plan assets would impact 2023 pension expense by approximately $9.8 million.
we will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of the assumptions used in the measurement of our pension benefit obligations. in addition, see note 11 of notes to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these assumptions and the effects on the financial statements.
