item 1a. risk factors the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. if any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or operating results could be adversely affected.
risks related to our business and industry economic conditions and market factors, which are beyond our control, may adversely affect our business and financial condition.
our business performance is impacted by a number of factors, including general economic conditions, current or expected inflation, interest rate fluctuations, market volatility, changes in investment patterns and priorities, pandemics (such as covid-19) and other factors that are generally beyond our control. to the extent that global or national economic conditions weaken and result in slower growth or recessions, our business may be negatively impacted. adverse market conditions could reduce customer demand for our services and the ability of our customers, lenders and other counterparties to meet their obligations to us. poor economic conditions may result in a reduction in the demand for our products and services, including our market technology, framl solutions, data, indexes and corporate solutions, or could result in a decline in the number of ipos, reduced trading volumes or values and deterioration of the economic welfare of our listed companies, which could cause an increase in delistings.
trading volumes and values are driven primarily by general market conditions and declines in trading volumes or values may affect our market share and impact our pricing. in addition, our market platforms businesses receive revenues from a relatively small number of customers concentrated in the financial industry, so any event that impacts one or more customers or the financial industry in general could impact our revenues.
the number of listings on our markets is primarily influenced by factors such as investor demand, the global economy, available sources of financing, and tax and regulatory policies. adverse conditions may jeopardize the ability of our listed companies to comply with the continued listing requirements of our exchanges, or reduce the number of issuers launching ipos, including spacs, and direct listings. the number of ipos on our exchanges decreased in 2022 and the number of delistings increased compared to 2021.
our capital access platforms revenues may be significantly affected by global economic conditions. professional subscriptions to our data products are at risk if staff reductions occur in financial services companies or if our customers consolidate, which could result in significant reductions in our professional user revenue or expose us to increased risks relating to dependence on a smaller number of customers. in addition, adverse market conditions may cause reductions in the number of non-professional investors with investments in the market and in etp aum tracking nasdaq indexes as well as trading in futures linked to nasdaq indexes.
there may be less demand for our corporate solutions, market technology and framl products and services if global economic conditions remain weak. our customers historically reduce purchases of new services and technology when growth rates decline, thereby diminishing our opportunities to sell new products and services or upgrade existing products and services.
additionally, during a global economic downturn, or periods of economic, political or regulatory uncertainty, our sales cycle may become longer or more unpredictable due to customer budget constraints or unplanned administrative delays to approve purchases a reduction in trading volumes or values, market share of trading, the number of our listed companies, or demand for market technology or capital access platforms products and services due to economic conditions or other market factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
the industries we operate in are highly competitive.
we face significant competition in our market platforms, capital access platforms and anti-financial crime businesses from other market participants. we face intense competition from other exchanges and markets for market share of trading activity and listings. this competition includes both product and price competition.
the liberalization and globalization of world markets has resulted in greater mobility of capital, greater international participation in local markets and more competition. as a result, both in the u.s. and in other countries, the competition among exchanges and other execution venues has become more intense. marketplaces in both europe and the u.s. have also merged to achieve greater economies of scale and scope.
regulatory changes also have facilitated the entry of new participants in the european union that compete with our european markets. the regulatory environment, both in the u.s. and in europe, is structured to maintain this environment of intense competition. in addition, a high proportion of business in the securities markets is becoming concentrated in a smaller number of institutions and our revenue may therefore become concentrated in a smaller number of customers.
we also compete globally with other regulated exchanges and markets, atss, mtfs and other traditional and non-traditional execution venues. some of these competitors also are our customers. in addition, competitors recently have launched new exchanges in the u.s., including an exchange established by a group of our customers. competitors may develop market trading platforms that are more competitive than ours. competitors may leverage data more effectively or enter into strategic partnerships, mergers or acquisitions that could make their trading, listings, clearing, data or technology businesses more competitive than ours.
we face intense price competition in all areas of our business. in particular, the trading industry is characterized by price competition. we have in the past lowered prices, and in the u.s., increased rebates for trade executions to attempt to gain or maintain market share. these strategies have not always been successful and have at times hurt operating performance. additionally, we have also been, and may once again be, required to adjust pricing to respond to actions by competitors and new entrants, or due to new sec regulations, which could adversely impact operating results. we also compete with respect to the pricing of data products and with respect to products for pre-trade book data and for post-trade last sale data.
if we are unable to compete successfully in the industries in which we do business, our business, financial condition and operating results will be adversely affected.
system limitations or failures could harm our business.
our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer and communications systems supporting them. if new systems fail to operate as intended or our existing systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times and delays in the introduction of new products and services. we could experience a systems failure due to human error by our employees, contractors or vendors, electrical or telecommunications failures or disruptions, hardware or software failures or defects, cyberattacks, sabotage or similar unexpected events. these consequences could result in service outages, lower trading volumes or values, financial losses, decreased customer satisfaction, litigation and regulatory sanctions. our markets and the markets that rely on our technology have experienced systems failures and delays in the past and could experience future systems failures and delays.
although we currently maintain and expect to maintain multiple computer facilities, and leverage third party cloud providers, that are designed to provide redundancy and back-up to reduce the risk of system disruptions and have facilities in place that are expected to maintain service during a system disruption, such systems and facilities may prove inadequate. if trading volumes increase unexpectedly or other unanticipated events occur, we may need to expand and upgrade our technology, transaction processing systems and network infrastructure. we do not know whether we will be able to accurately project the rate, timing or cost of any volume increases, or expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate any increases in a timely manner.
while we have programs in place to identify and minimize our exposure to vulnerabilities and work in collaboration with the technology industry to share corrective measures with our business partners, we cannot guarantee that such events will not occur in the future. any system issue that causes an interruption in services, decreases the responsiveness of our services or otherwise affects our services could impair our reputation, damage our brand name and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results.
we must continue to introduce new products, initiatives and enhancements to maintain our competitive position.
we intend to launch new products and initiatives and continue to explore and pursue opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company. we may spend substantial time and money developing new products, such as our digital assets offering, initiatives and enhancements to existing products. if these products and initiatives are not successful or their launches are delayed, including for regulatory uncertainty related to our digital assets offering, we may not be able to offset their costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
in our technology operations, we have invested substantial amounts in the development of system platforms, the rollout of our platforms and the adoption of new technologies, including cloud-based infrastructure for certain of our offerings. although investments are carefully planned, there can be no assurance that the demand for such platforms or technologies will justify the related investments. if we fail to generate adequate revenue from planned system platforms or the adoption of new technologies, or if we fail to do so within the envisioned timeframe, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, clients may delay purchases in anticipation of new products or enhancements. we may allocate significant amounts of cash and other resources to product technologies or business models for which market demand is lower than anticipated. in addition, the introduction of new products by competitors, the emergence of new industry standards or the development of entirely new technologies to replace existing product offerings could render our existing or future products obsolete.
a decline in trading and clearing volumes or values or market share will decrease our trading and clearing revenues.
trading and clearing volumes and values are directly affected by economic, political and market conditions, broad trends in business and finance, unforeseen market closures or other disruptions in trading, the level and volatility of interest rates, inflation, changes in price levels of securities and the overall level of investor confidence. beginning in 2020, trading and clearing volumes and values across our markets have fluctuated significantly depending on market conditions and other factors beyond our control. because a significant percentage of our revenues is tied directly to the volume or value of securities traded and cleared on our markets, it is likely that a general decline in trading and clearing volumes or values would lower revenues and may adversely affect our operating results if we are unable to offset falling volumes or values through pricing changes. declines in trading and clearing volumes or values may also impact our market share or pricing structures and adversely affect our business and financial condition.
if our total market share in securities decreases relative to our competitors, our venues may be viewed as less attractive sources of liquidity. if our exchanges are perceived to be less liquid, then our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
since some of our exchanges offer clearing services in addition to trading services, a decline in market share of trading could lead to a decline in clearing and depository revenues. declines in market share also could result in issuers viewing the value of a listing on our exchanges as less attractive, thereby adversely affecting our listing business. finally, declines in market share of nasdaq-listed securities, or recently adopted sec rules and regulations, could lower the nasdaq stock market's share of tape pool revenues under the consolidated data plans, thereby reducing the revenues of our u.s. tape plans business.
our role in the global marketplace positions us at greater risk for a cyberattack.
our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from security breaches. as a result of our adoption of a hybrid work environment, we have a broader and more distributed network footprint and increased reliance on the home networks of employees, and such remote work may cause heightened cybersecurity and operational risks. some of these threats include attacks from foreign governments, hacktivists, insiders and criminal organizations. foreign governments may seek to obtain a foothold in u.s. critical infrastructure, hacktivists may seek to deploy denial of service attacks to bring attention to their cause, insiders may pose a risk of human error or malicious activity and criminal organizations may seek to profit from stolen data. computer malware, such as viruses and worms, also continue to be a threat with ransomware increasingly being used by criminals to extort money. given our position in the global securities industry, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of such events.
while we continue to employ and invest additional resources to monitor our systems and protect our infrastructure, these measures may prove insufficient depending upon the attack or threat posed. any system issue, whether as a result of an intentional breach, collateral damage from a new virus or a non-malicious act, or due to a cybersecurity breach of a customer that results in a loss of our data or compromises our systems or those of our other customers utilizing the same products, could damage our reputation and result in: a loss of customers; disrupted customer relationships; the loss of our intellectual property or sensitive data; lower trading volumes or values, incur significant liabilities or otherwise have a negative impact on our business, our products and services, financial condition and operating results. further, cybersecurity incidents that impact our vendors and other third parties that support our organization and industry could directly or indirectly impact us. there can be no assurance we will be able to identify and mitigate every incident involving cybersecurity attacks, breaches or incidents. a system breach may go undetected for an extended period of time.
expanded cybersecurity regulations, and increased cybersecurity infrastructure and compliance costs, may adversely impact our results of operations.
as cybersecurity threats continue to increase in frequency and sophistication, and as the domestic and international regulatory and compliance structure related to information and cybersecurity; data privacy and data usage; and our digital assets offering, becomes increasingly complex and exacting, we may be required to devote significant additional resources to strengthen our cybersecurity capabilities, and to identify and remediate any security vulnerabilities. compliance with laws and regulations concerning cybersecurity, data privacy and data usage could result in significant expense, and any failure to comply could result in proceedings against us by regulatory authorities or other third parties. additional costs for bolstering cybersecurity capabilities, and increased cybersecurity and data privacy compliance costs, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. additionally, our clients increasingly demand rigorous contractual, certification and audit provisions regarding cybersecurity, data protection and data usage, which may also increase our overall compliance burden and costs in meeting such obligations.
the success of our business depends on our ability to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. specifically, we must complete development of, successfully implement and maintain platforms that have the functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers.
the markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, frequent enhancements to existing products and services, the adoption of new services and products and changing customer demands. we are reliant on our customers that purchase our on-premise solutions to maintain a certain level of network infrastructure for our products to operate and to allow for our support of those products, and there is no assurance that a customer will implement such measures. we may not be able to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. for example, we must continue to enhance our platforms to remain competitive as well as to address our regulatory responsibilities, and our business will be negatively affected if our platforms or the technology solutions we sell to our customers fail to function as expected. if we are unable to develop our platforms to include other products and markets, or if our platforms do not have the required functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers, we may not be able to compete successfully. further, our failure to anticipate or respond adequately to changes in technology and customer preferences or any significant delays in product development efforts, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
failure to attract and retain key personnel may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.
our future success depends, in large part, upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified and skilled professional personnel that can learn and embrace new technologies. in the current tight labor market, we have intensified our efforts to recruit and retain talent. competition for key personnel in the various localities and business segments in which we operate is intense. we have, and may continue to, experience higher compensation costs to retain personnel, and hire new talent, that may not be offset by improved productivity, higher revenues or increased sales. our ability to attract and retain key personnel, in particular senior officers or technology personnel, including from companies that we acquire, will be dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions, office/remote working arrangements and compensation and benefit packages offered by companies competing for the same talent. there is no guarantee that we will have the continued service of key employees who we rely upon to execute our business strategy and identify and pursue strategic opportunities and initiatives. in particular, we may have to incur costs to replace senior officers or other key employees who leave, and our ability to execute our business strategy could be impaired if we are unable to replace such persons in a timely manner or at all.
our clearinghouse operations expose us to risks, including credit or liquidity risks that may include defaults by clearing members, or insufficiencies in margins or default funds.
we are subject to risks relating to our operation of a clearinghouse, including counterparty and liquidity risks, risk of defaults by clearing members and risks associated with adequacy of the customer margin and of default funds. our clearinghouse operations expose us to counterparties with differing risk profiles. we may be adversely impacted by the financial distress or failure of a clearing member, which may cause us negative financial impact, reputational harm or regulatory consequences, including litigation or regulatory enforcement actions.
in september 2018, a member of the nasdaq clearing commodities market defaulted due to an inability to post sufficient collateral to cover increased margin requirements for the positions of the relevant member. for further discussion of the default, see note 15, "clearing operations," to the consolidated financial statements. there are no assurances that similar defaults will not occur again, which could result in losses. to the extent that our regulatory capital and risk management policies are not adequate to manage future financial and operational risks in our clearinghouse, we may experience adverse consequences to our operating results or ability to conduct our business.
we are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents.
we are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents. these parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons.
we clear a range of equity-related and fixed-income-related derivative products, commodities and resale and repurchase agreements. we assume the counterparty risk for all transactions that are cleared through nasdaq clearing on our markets and guarantee that our cleared contracts will be honored. we enforce minimum financial and operational criteria for membership eligibility, require members and investors to provide collateral, and maintain established risk policies and procedures to ensure that the counterparty risks are properly monitored and proactively managed; however, none of these measures provides absolute assurance against experiencing financial losses from defaults by our counterparties on their obligations. no guarantee can be given that the collateral provided will at all times be sufficient. although we maintain clearing capital resources to serve as an additional layer of protection to help ensure that we are able to meet our obligations, these resources also may not be sufficient.
we also have credit risk related to transaction and subscription-based revenues that are billed to customers on a monthly or quarterly basis, in arrears.
credit losses such as those described above could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
technology issues relating to our role as exclusive processor for nasdaq-listed stocks could affect our business.
nasdaq, as technology provider to the utp operating committee, has implemented measures to enhance the resiliency of the existing processor system. nasdaq transferred the processor technology platform to our inet platform and this migration further enhanced the resiliency of the processor systems. we further improved the systems' resiliency by adding the utp snapshot service. however, if future outages occur or the processor systems fail to function properly while we are operating the systems, it could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and financial condition.
stagnation or decline in the listings market could have an adverse effect on our revenues.
the market for listings is dependent on the prosperity of companies and the availability of risk capital. a stagnation or decline in the number of new listings, or an increase in the number of delistings, on the nasdaq stock market and the nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic exchanges could cause a decrease in revenues for future years. furthermore, new listings from ipos, including spacs, decreased in 2022. a prolonged decrease in the number of listings, or failure of existing spacs to successfully complete transactions with target companies and dissolve, could negatively impact the growth of our revenues. our corporate solutions business is also impacted by declines in the listings market or increases in acquisitions activity as there may be fewer publicly-traded customers that need our products.
risks related to transactional activities and strategic relationships we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, which may result in an inability to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions.
we must rationalize, coordinate and integrate the operations of our acquired businesses. this process involves complex technological, operational and personnel-related challenges, which are time-consuming and expensive and may disrupt our business. the difficulties, costs and delays that could be encountered may include:
•difficulties, costs or complications in combining the companies' operations, including technology platforms, which could lead to us not achieving the synergies we anticipate or customers not renewing their contracts with us as we migrate platforms;
•incompatibility of systems and operating methods;
•reliance on, or provision of, transition services;
•inability to use capital assets efficiently to develop the business of the combined company;
•difficulties of complying with government-imposed regulations in the u.s. and abroad, which may be conflicting;
•resolving possible inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures;
•the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and other strategic opportunities;
•difficulties in operating businesses we have not operated before;
•difficulties of integrating multiple acquired businesses simultaneously;
•the retention of key employees and management;
•the implementation of disclosure controls, internal controls and financial reporting systems at non-u.s. subsidiaries to enable us to comply with u.s. gaap and u.s. securities laws and regulations, including the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, required as a result of our status as a reporting company under the exchange act;
•the coordination of geographically separate organizations;
•the coordination and consolidation of ongoing and future research and development efforts;
•possible tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of a combined company;
•pre-tax restructuring and revenue investment costs;
•the retention of strategic partners and attracting new strategic partners; and
•negative impacts on employee morale and performance as a result of job changes and reassignments.
foreign acquisitions involve risks in addition to those mentioned above, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, our ability to enforce contracts in various jurisdictions, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. we may not be able to address these risks successfully, or at all, without incurring significant costs, delays or other operating problems that could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
for these reasons, we may not achieve the anticipated financial and strategic benefits from our acquisitions and strategic initiatives. any actual cost savings and synergies may be lower than we expect and may take a longer time to achieve than we anticipate, and we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions.
we rely on third parties to perform certain functions, and our business could be adversely affected if these third parties fail to perform as expected or experience service interruptions affecting our operations.
we rely on third parties for regulatory, data center, cloud, data storage and processing, data content, clearing and other services. interruptions or delays in services from our third-party data center hosting facilities or cloud computing platform providers could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. to the extent that any of our vendors or other third-party service providers experiences difficulties or a significant disruption, breach or outage, materially changes their business relationship with us or is unable for any reason to perform their obligations, our business or our reputation may be materially adversely affected. our access to cloud service provider infrastructure could be limited by a number of events, including technical or infrastructure failures, natural disasters or cybersecurity attacks. as we continue to grow our saas businesses, our dependency on the continuing operation and availability of these cloud service providers increases. if our cloud services from third party providers are unavailable to us for any reason, or there are cloud service disruptions or a delay or inability to access our exchanges, platforms or certain of our cloud products or features, such unavailability or delays may adversely affect our clients, which could significantly impact our reputation, operations, business, and financial results.
for example, in 2022, we began to migrate our north american markets to aws in a phased approach, starting with nasdaq mrx in december 2022. aws operates a platform that we use to provide services to our clients, and therefore we are vulnerable to service outages on the aws platform that affect nasdaq workloads running or stored in the aws environment. if aws does not deliver our system requirements on time, fails to provide maintenance and support to our specifications or a migration experiences integration challenges, the successful migration of our exchanges to the aws cloud platform may be significantly delayed, which may adversely affect our reputation and financial results.
we also rely on members of our trading community to maintain markets and add liquidity. to the extent that any of our largest members experience difficulties, materially change their business relationship with us or are unable for any reason to perform market making activities, our business or our reputation may be materially adversely affected.
we may be required to recognize impairments of our goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets in the future.
our business acquisitions typically result in the recording of goodwill and intangible assets, and the recorded values of those assets may become impaired in the future. as of december 31, 2022, goodwill totaled $8.1 billion and intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, totaled $2.6 billion. the determination of the value of such goodwill and intangible assets requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements.
we assess goodwill and intangible assets, as well as other long-lived assets, including equity method investments, equity securities, and property and equipment, for potential impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if indicators of impairment arise. we estimate the fair value of such assets by assessing many factors, including historical performance and projected cash flows. considerable management judgment is necessary to project future cash flows and evaluate the impact of expected operating and macroeconomic changes on these cash flows. the estimates and assumptions we use are consistent with our internal planning process. however, there are inherent uncertainties in these estimates.
there were no impairment charges recorded relating to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and there were no material impairment charges recorded relating to other long-lived assets in 2022, 2021 and 2020.
we may experience future events that may result in asset impairments. future disruptions to our business, prolonged economic weakness, due to pandemics or otherwise, or significant declines in operating results at any of our reporting units or businesses, may result in impairment charges to goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets. a significant impairment charge in the future could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
acquisitions, divestments, investments, joint ventures and other transactional activities may require significant resources and/or result in significant unanticipated losses, costs or liabilities.
over the past several years, acquisitions have been significant factors in our growth. we have divested businesses and may continue to divest additional businesses or assets in the future. although we cannot predict our transactional activities, we believe that additional acquisitions, divestments, investments, joint ventures and other transactional activities will be important to our strategy. such transactions may be material in size and scope. other potential purchasers of assets in our industry may have greater financial resources than we have. therefore, we cannot be sure that we will be able to complete future transactions on terms favorable to us.
we also invest in early-stage companies through our nasdaq ventures program and hold minority interests in other entities. given the size of these investments, we do not have operational control of these entities and may have limited visibility into risk management practices. thus, we may be subject to additional capital requirements in certain circumstances and financial and reputational risks if there are operational failures.
we may finance future transactions by issuing additional equity and/or debt. the issuance of additional equity in connection with any such transaction could be substantially dilutive to existing shareholders. in addition, the announcement or implementation of future transactions by us or others could have a material effect on the price of our common stock. the issuance of additional debt could increase our leverage substantially. we could face financial risks associated with incurring additional debt, particularly if the debt results in significant incremental leverage. additional debt may reduce our liquidity, curtail our access to financing markets, impact our standing with credit rating agencies and increase the cash flow required for debt service. any incremental debt incurred to finance a transaction could also place significant constraints on the operation of our business.
furthermore, any future transactions could entail a number of additional risks, including:
•the inability to maintain key pre-transaction business relationships;
•increased operating costs;
•the inability to meet our target for return on invested capital;
•increased debt obligations, which may adversely affect our targeted debt ratios;
•risks to the continued achievement of our strategic direction;
•risks associated with divesting employees, customers or vendors when divesting businesses or assets;
•declines in the value of investments;
•exposure to unanticipated liabilities, including after a transaction is completed;
•incurred but unreported claims for an acquired company;
•difficulties in realizing projected efficiencies, synergies and cost savings; and
•changes in our credit rating and financing costs.
charges to earnings resulting from acquisitions, integrations and restructuring costs may materially adversely affect the market value of our common stock.
in accordance with u.s. gaap, we account for the completion of our acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting. we allocate the total estimated purchase price to net tangible and identifiable intangible assets based on their fair values as of the date of completion of the acquisition and record the excess of the purchase price over those fair values as goodwill. our financial results, including earnings per share, could be adversely affected by a number of financial adjustments including the following:
•we may incur additional amortization expense over the estimated useful lives of certain of the intangible assets acquired in connection with acquisitions during such estimated useful lives;
•we may have additional depreciation expense as a result of recording acquired tangible assets at fair value, in accordance with u.s. gaap, as compared to book value as recorded;
•to the extent the value of goodwill or intangible assets becomes impaired, we may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets;
•we may incur additional costs from integrating our acquisitions. the success of our acquisitions depends, in part, on our ability to integrate these businesses into our existing operations and realize anticipated cost savings, revenue synergies and growth opportunities; and
•we may incur restructuring costs in connection with the reorganization of any of our businesses.
risks related to legal and regulatory matters we operate in a highly regulated industry and may be subject to censures, fines and enforcement proceedings if we fail to comply with regulatory obligations that can be ambiguous and can change unexpectedly.
we operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to extensive regulation in the u.s., europe and canada. the securities trading industry is subject to significant regulatory oversight and could be subject to increased governmental and public scrutiny in the future that can change in response to global conditions and events, or due to changes in trading patterns, such as due to the recent volatility involving the trading of certain stocks.
our ability to comply with complex and changing regulation is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, audit and reporting systems that can quickly adapt and respond, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. there is no assurance that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed.
our regulated markets are subject to audits, investigations, administrative proceedings and enforcement actions relating to compliance with applicable rules and regulations. regulators have broad powers to impose fines, penalties or censure, issue cease-and-desist orders, prohibit operations, revoke licenses or registrations and impose other sanctions on our exchanges, broker-dealers, central securities depositories, clearinghouse and markets for violations of applicable requirements.
in the future, we could be subject to regulatory investigations or enforcement proceedings that could result in substantial sanctions, including revocation of our operating licenses. any such investigations or proceedings, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs, the diversion of resources, including management time, and potential harm to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. in addition, our exchanges could be required to modify or restructure their regulatory functions in response to any changes in the regulatory environment, or they may be required to rely on third parties to perform regulatory and oversight functions, each of which may require us to incur substantial expenses and may harm our reputation if our regulatory services are deemed inadequate.
the regulatory framework under which we operate and new regulatory requirements or new interpretations of existing regulatory requirements could require substantial time and resources for compliance, which could make it difficult and costly for us to operate our business.
under current u.s. federal securities laws, changes in the rules and operations of our securities markets, including our pricing structure, must be reviewed and in many cases explicitly approved by the sec. the sec may approve, disapprove, or recommend changes to proposals that we submit. in addition, the sec may delay either the approval process or the initiation of the public comment process. favorable sec rulings and interpretations can be challenged in and reversed by federal courts of appeals, reducing or eliminating the value of such prior interpretations. any delay in approving changes, or the altering of any proposed change, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we must compete not only with atss that are not subject to the same sec approval process but also with other exchanges that may have lower regulation and surveillance costs than us. there is a risk that trading will shift to exchanges that charge lower fees because, among other reasons, they spend significantly less on regulation.
in 2016, the sec approved a plan for nasdaq and other exchanges to establish a cat, to improve regulators' ability to monitor trading activity. in addition to increased regulatory obligations, implementation of a consolidated audit trail has resulted in significant additional expenditures, including to implement the new technology to meet any of the plan's requirements. creating the cat has required the development and implementation of complex and costly technology. this development effort has been funded by the sros (including nasdaq) in exchange for promissory notes that nasdaq expects to be repaid at such time that the sec approves the assessment of fees for the funding of the cat. the sec could determine not to approve the assessment of such fees in which case some or all of the promissory notes would not be repaid. as of december 31, 2022, we have accrued a net receivable of $85 million in connection with our portion of expenses related to the cat implementation. in addition, the ongoing failure to timely launch or properly operate such technology exposes nasdaq and other exchanges to sec fines.
in addition, our registered broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the sec, finra and other sros. these subsidiaries are subject to regulatory requirements intended to ensure their general financial soundness and liquidity, which require that they comply with certain minimum capital requirements. the sec and finra impose rules that require notification when a broker-dealer's net capital falls below certain predefined criteria, dictate the ratio of debt to equity in the regulatory capital composition of a broker-dealer and constrain the ability of a broker-dealer to expand its business under certain circumstances. additionally, the sec's uniform net capital rule and finra rules impose certain requirements that may have the effect of prohibiting a broker-dealer from distributing or withdrawing capital and requiring prior notice to the sec and finra for certain withdrawals of capital. any failure to comply with these broker-dealer regulations could have a material adverse effect on the operation of our business, financial condition and operating results.
our non-u.s. business is subject to regulatory oversight in all the countries in which we operate regulated businesses, such as exchanges, clearinghouses or central securities depositories. in these countries, we have received authorization from the relevant authorities to conduct our regulated business activities. the authorities may issue regulatory fines or may ultimately revoke our authorizations if we do not suitably carry out our regulated business activities. the authorities are also entitled to request that we adopt measures in order to ensure that we continue to fulfill the authorities' requirements. additionally, we are subject to the obligations under the benchmark regulation ((eu) 2016/1011), compliance with which could be costly or cause a change in our business practices.
certain of our customers operate in a highly regulated industry. regulatory authorities could impose regulatory changes that could impact the ability of our customers to use our exchanges. the loss of a significant number of customers or a reduction in trading activity on any of our exchanges as a result of such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
regulatory changes and changes in market structure and proprietary data could have a material adverse effect on our business.
regulatory changes adopted by the sec or other regulators of our markets, and regulatory changes that our markets may adopt in fulfillment of their regulatory obligations, could materially affect our business operations. in recent years, there has been increased regulatory and governmental focus on issues affecting the securities markets, including market structure, technological oversight and fees for proprietary market data, connectivity and transactions. the sec, finra and the national securities exchanges have introduced several initiatives to ensure the oversight, integrity and resilience of markets. in december 2022, the sec proposed significant rule changes that, if adopted in their current form, would substantially alter how stocks are traded in the united states. while we and other market participants have the opportunity to submit comments on the proposal, and we will adjust our business model in accordance with any new sec regulations implemented, these changes regarding trading may negatively impact our business and revenue.
with respect to our regulated businesses, our business model can be severely impacted by policy decisions. in may 2020, the sec adopted an order to require changes to the governance of securities information processors. in december 2020, the sec adopted a rule to modify the infrastructure for the collection, consolidation and dissemination of market data for exchange-listed national market stocks. in 2022, the u.s. court of appeals for district of columbia circuit vacated portions of the governance order but upheld the remainder of the sec's 2022 actions. if the remaining aspects of the order and rule are fully implemented, they may adversely affect our revenues. the timing for the implementation is currently unknown, and we believe they may take two or more years to fully implement.
if the remaining aspects of the order and rule are ultimately implemented as set forth in their adopting releases, demand for certain of our proprietary tape share data products may be reduced, or we may have to reduce our pricing to compete with other entrants into the market for consolidated data. our opponents in some markets are larger and better funded and, if successful in influencing certain policies, may successfully advocate for positions that adversely impact our business. these regulatory changes could impose significant costs, including litigation costs, and other obligations on the operation of our exchanges and processor systems and have other impacts on our business.
in canada, all new marketplace fees and changes to existing fees, including trading and market data fees, must be filed with and approved by the ontario securities commission. the canadian securities administrators adopted a data fees methodology that restricts the total amount of fees that can be charged for professional uses by all marketplaces to a reference benchmark. currently, all marketplaces are subject to annual reviews of their market data fees tying market data revenues to pre- and post- trade market share metrics. permitted fee ranges are based on an interim domestic benchmark that is subject to change to an international benchmark, which could lower the permitted fees charged by marketplaces, which could adversely impact our revenues.
our european exchanges currently offer market data products to customers on a non-discriminatory and reasonable commercial basis. the mifid ii/mifir rules entail that the price for regulated market data such as pre- and post-trade data shall be based on cost plus a reasonable margin. however, these terms are not clearly defined. there is a risk that a different interpretation of these terms may influence the fees for european market data products adversely. in addition, any future actions by european union institutions could affect our ability to offer market data products in the same manner as today, thereby causing an adverse effect on our market data revenues.
we are subject to litigation risks and other liabilities.
many aspects of our business potentially involve substantial liability risks. although under current law we are immune from private suits arising from conduct within our regulatory authority and from acts and forbearances incident to the exercise of our regulatory authority, this immunity only covers certain of our activities in the u.s., and we could be exposed to liability under national and local laws, court decisions and rules and regulations promulgated by regulatory agencies.
we face risks related to compliance with economic sanctions (including those administered by the u.s. office of foreign assets control), export controls, corruption (including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act) and money laundering. while we maintain compliance programs to prevent and detect potential violations, such programs cannot completely eliminate the risk of non-compliance. because anti-financial crime management solutions comprises one of our primary business offerings, a significant compliance event involving one of these areas could more negatively impact our business than a comparable business without this service offering.
liability could also result from disputes over the terms of a trade, claims that a system failure or delay cost a customer money, claims we entered into an unauthorized transaction or claims that we provided materially false or misleading statements in connection with a securities transaction. as we intend to defend any such litigation actively, significant legal expenses could be incurred. although we carry insurance that may limit our risk of damages in some cases, we still may sustain uncovered losses or losses in excess of available insurance that would affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have self-regulatory obligations and also operate for-profit businesses, and these two roles may create conflicts of interest.
we have obligations to regulate and monitor activities on our markets and ensure compliance with applicable law and the rules of our markets by market participants and listed companies. in the u.s., some have expressed concern about potential conflicts of interest of "for-profit" markets performing the regulatory functions of an sro. we perform regulatory functions and bear regulatory responsibility related to our listed companies and our markets. any failure by us to diligently and fairly regulate our markets or to otherwise fulfill our regulatory obligations could significantly harm our reputation, prompt sec scrutiny and adversely affect our business and reputation.
our nordic and baltic exchanges monitor trading and compliance with listing standards in accordance with the european union's market abuse regulation and other applicable laws. any failure to diligently and fairly regulate the nordic and baltic exchanges could significantly harm our reputation, prompt scrutiny from regulators and adversely affect our business and reputation.
laws and regulations regarding security and safeguarding of our systems and services, protection of sensitive customer data and the handling of personal data and information may affect our services or result in increased costs, legal claims or fines against us.
our business operates certain systems that may be considered "critical infrastructure" under certain regulations and licenses or sells certain systems or services to customers that are used by customers to fulfill certain core business requirements or process certain sensitive data. in response to recent events involving cybersecurity breaches, including ransomware attacks, regulatory authorities are engaging in rulemaking to heighten cybersecurity requirements and obligations to notify authorities and/or take other action in response to a suspected incident. such regulations may impact the requirements and cost of delivery for impacted systems and services and, in the event of an incident, increase the cost and complexity of our response and the potential financial and reputation impact from fines or private litigation. new regulations may also impact customer decision making and conditions on contracting for our services.
our businesses and internal operations rely on the processing of data in many jurisdictions and the movement of data, including personal data, across national borders. legal and contractual requirements relating to the processing, including, but not limited to, collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security, of personal data continue to evolve and regulatory scrutiny and customer requirements in this area are increasing around the world. significant uncertainty exists as privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently across jurisdictions and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements with privacy and other laws to which we are subject.
laws and regulations such as the european union and united kingdom general data protection regulation, or gdpr, the california privacy rights act, or cpra, and other comparable laws and regulations adopted globally and within the united states and canada can apply to our processing of their residents' personal data by nasdaq legal entities regardless of the location of such entities; such laws may also require our customers located in such jurisdictions to contractually obligate nasdaq to comply.
in addition to directly applying to certain nasdaq business activities, these laws and industry-specific regulations, such as the health insurance portability and accountability act (hipaa) and the gramm leach bliley act, impact many of our customers, which may affect their decisions to purchase our services. under certain laws and regulations, as a supplier to such customers, regulators may engage in direct enforcement actions or seek to impose liability on nasdaq if we do not comply with them. our efforts to comply with privacy and data protection laws may entail substantial expenses, may divert resources from other initiatives and projects, and could impact the services that we offer. the enactment of more restrictive laws, rules or regulations, future enforcement actions or investigations, or the creation of new rights to pursue damages could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability.
changes in tax laws, regulations or policies could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
like other corporations, we are subject to taxes at the federal, state and local levels, as well as in non-u.s. jurisdictions. changes in tax laws, regulations or policies could result in us having to pay higher taxes, which may reduce our net income, or could adversely affect our ability to continue our capital allocation program or effect strategic transactions in a tax-favorable manner. in addition, such changes, including federal or state financial transaction taxes, may increase the cost of our offerings or services, which may cause our clients to reduce their use of our services.
in addition, some of our subsidiaries are subject to tax in the jurisdictions in which they are organized or operate. in computing our tax obligation in these jurisdictions, we take various tax positions. we cannot ensure that upon review of these positions, the applicable authorities will agree with our positions. a successful challenge by a tax authority could result in additional taxes imposed on our clients or our subsidiaries.
risks related to liquidity and capital resources a downgrade of our credit rating could increase the cost of our funding from the capital markets.
our debt is currently rated investment grade by two of the major rating agencies. these rating agencies regularly evaluate us, and their ratings of our long-term debt and commercial paper are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and corporate development activity, as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting our industry generally. there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current ratings. our failure to maintain such ratings could reduce or eliminate our ability to issue commercial paper and adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain funding and increase our cost of capital. a reduction in credit ratings would also result in increases in the cost of our commercial paper and other outstanding debt as the interest rate on the outstanding amounts under our credit facilities and our senior notes fluctuates based on our credit ratings.
our leverage limits our financial flexibility, increases our exposure to weakening economic conditions and may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional financing.
our indebtedness as of december 31, 2022 was $5.4 billion. we may borrow additional amounts by utilizing available liquidity under our existing credit facilities, issuing additional debt securities or issuing short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes through our commercial paper program.
our leverage and reliance on the capital markets could:
•reduce funds available to us for operations and general corporate purposes or for capital expenditures as a result of the dedication of a substantial portion of our consolidated cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness;
•increase our exposure to a continued downturn in general economic conditions;
•place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors with less debt;
•affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for refinancing indebtedness, acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures or other purposes; and
•increase our cost of debt and reduce or eliminate our ability to issue commercial paper.
in addition, we must comply with the covenants in our credit facilities. among other things, these covenants restrict our ability to effect certain fundamental transactions, dispose of certain assets, incur additional indebtedness and grant liens on assets. failure to meet any of the covenant terms of our credit facilities could result in an event of default. if an event of default occurs, and we are unable to receive a waiver of default, our lenders may increase our borrowing costs, restrict our ability to obtain additional borrowings and accelerate repayment of all amounts outstanding.
we will need to invest in our operations to maintain and grow our business and to integrate acquisitions, and we may need additional funds, which may not be readily available.
we depend on the availability of adequate capital to maintain and develop our business. although we believe that we can meet our current capital requirements from internally generated funds, cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, if the capital and credit markets experience volatility, access to capital or credit may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. rising interest rates could adversely affect our ability to pursue new financing opportunities, and it may be more expensive for us to issue new debt securities. limited access to capital or credit in the future could have an impact on our ability to refinance debt, maintain our credit rating, meet our regulatory capital requirements, engage in strategic initiatives, make acquisitions or strategic investments in other companies, pay dividends, repurchase our stock or react to changing economic and business conditions. if we are unable to fund our capital or credit requirements, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
in addition to our debt obligations, we will need to continue to invest in our operations for the foreseeable future to integrate acquired businesses and to fund new initiatives. if we do not achieve the expected operating results, we will need to reallocate our cash resources. this may include borrowing additional funds to service debt payments, which may impair our ability to make investments in our business or to integrate acquired businesses.
if we need to raise funds through issuing additional equity, our equity holders will suffer dilution. if we need to raise funds through incurring additional debt, we may become subject to covenants more restrictive than those contained in our credit facilities, the indentures governing our notes and our other debt instruments. furthermore, if adverse economic conditions occur, we could experience decreased revenues from our operations which could affect our ability to satisfy financial and other restrictive covenants to which we are subject under our existing indebtedness.
risks related to intellectual property and brand reputation damage to our reputation or brand name could have a material adverse effect on our businesses.
one of our competitive strengths is our strong reputation and brand name. various issues may give rise to reputational risk, including issues relating to:
•our ability to maintain the security of our data and systems;
•the quality and reliability of our technology platforms and systems;
•the ability to fulfill our regulatory obligations;
•the ability to execute our business plan, key initiatives or new business ventures and the ability to keep up with changing customer demand;
•the representation of our business in the media;
•the accuracy of our financial statements, other financial and statistical information or esg-related disclosures;
•the accuracy of our financial guidance or other information provided to our investors;
•the quality of our corporate governance structure;
•the quality of our products, including the reliability of our transaction-based, corporate services and marketplace technology products, the accuracy of the quote and trade information provided by our data & listing services business and the accuracy of calculations used by our indexes business for indexes and unit investment trusts;
•the quality of our disclosure controls or internal controls over financial reporting, including any failures in supervision;
•extreme price volatility on our markets;
•any negative publicity surrounding our listed companies or our listing rules;
•any negative publicity surrounding the use of our products and/or services by our customers, including in connection with emerging asset classes such as crypto assets; and
•any misconduct, fraudulent activity or theft by our employees or other persons formerly or currently associated with us.
although we monitor developments, including social media, for areas of potential risk to our brand and reputation, negative publicity or misrepresentations by third parties, particularly on social media, may adversely impact our credibility as a leader in the global capital markets and as a source for data and analytics. this may have an adverse effect on our brands, business and operating results. damage to our reputation could cause some issuers not to list their securities on our exchanges or switch to a different exchange. reputational damage may also reduce trading volumes or values on our exchanges or cause us to lose customers in our data & listing services, index, workflow & insights or marketplace technology businesses. this, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
failure to meet customer expectations or deadlines for the implementation of our products could result in negative publicity, losses and reduced sales, each of which may harm our reputation, business and results of operations.
we generally mutually agree with our customers on the duration, budget and costs associated with the implementation of certain of our products, particularly our market technology large-scale market infrastructure projects. various factors may cause implementations to be delayed, inefficient or otherwise unsuccessful, including due to unforeseen project complexities, our deployment of insufficient resources or other external factors. the effects of a failure to meet an implementation schedule could include monetary credits for current or future service engagements, a reduction in fees for the project, or the expenditure of additional expenses to mitigate such delays. in addition, time-consuming implementations may also increase the personnel we must allocate to such customer, thereby increasing our costs and diverting attention from other projects. unsuccessful, lengthy, or costly customer implementation projects could result in claims from customers, decreased customer satisfaction, harm to our reputation, and opportunities for competitors to displace us, each of which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations.
our reputation or business could be negatively impacted by esg matters and our reporting of such matters.
we communicate certain esg-related initiatives, goals, and/or commitments regarding environmental matters, diversity, vendors and suppliers and other matters in our annual sustainability report, task force on climate-related financial disclosures, or tcfd, report, on our website, in our filings with the sec, and elsewhere. these initiatives, goals, or commitments could be difficult to achieve and costly to implement. for example, in november 2022, we announced our commitment to achieve net-zero for scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, the achievement of which relies, in large part, on the accuracy of our estimates and assumptions, on the engagement of our value chain to reduce emissions and set their net-zero targets, and procuring renewable energy for our real estate and data center portfolios. we could fail to achieve, or be perceived to fail to achieve, this or other esg-related initiatives, goals, or commitments. in addition, we could be criticized for the timing, scope or nature of these initiatives, goals, or commitments, or for any revisions to them. we could be subject to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions regarding the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of our esg-related disclosures. our actual or perceived failure to achieve our esg-related initiatives, goals, or commitments could negatively impact our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business.
failure to protect our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed on the intellectual property rights of others, could harm our brand-building efforts and ability to compete effectively.
to protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a combination of trademark laws, copyright laws, patent laws, trade secret protection, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements with our affiliates, clients, strategic partners, employees and others. however, the efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights might not be sufficient, or effective, at stopping unauthorized use of those rights. we may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights.
we have registered, or applied to register, our trademarks in the united states and in over 50 foreign jurisdictions and have pending u.s. and foreign applications for other trademarks. we also maintain copyright protection for software products and pursue patent protection for inventions developed by us. we hold a number of patents, patent applications and licenses in the united states and other foreign jurisdictions. however, effective trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection might not be available or cost-effective in every country in which our services and products are offered. moreover, changes in patent law, such as changes in the law regarding patentable subject matter, could also impact our ability to obtain patent protection for our innovations. there is also a risk that the scope of protection under our patents may not be sufficient in some cases, or that existing patents may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. failure to protect our intellectual property adequately could harm our brand and affect our ability to compete effectively. further, defending our intellectual property rights could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.
third parties may assert intellectual property rights claims against us, which may be costly to defend, could require the payment of damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies, trademarks or other intellectual property. any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be expensive to litigate or settle and could divert management resources and attention. successful challenges against us could require us to modify or discontinue our use of technology or business processes where such use is found to infringe or violate the rights of others, or require us to purchase licenses from third parties, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
general risk factors we are a holding company that depends on cash flow from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations, and any restrictions on our subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
as a holding company, we require dividends and other payments from our subsidiaries to meet cash requirements. minimum capital requirements mandated by regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over some of our regulated subsidiaries indirectly restrict the amount of dividends that can be paid upstream.
in addition, unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries outside of the u.s. are used to finance our international operations and are considered to be indefinitely reinvested.
if our subsidiaries are unable to pay dividends and make other payments to us when needed, or if regulators or counterparties require us to increase capital deployed in certain of our regulated subsidiaries, we may be unable to satisfy our obligations, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we may experience fluctuations in our operating results, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
our industry is risky and unpredictable and is directly affected by many national and international factors beyond our control, including:
•economic, political and geopolitical market conditions;
•natural disasters, terrorism, pandemics, war or other catastrophes;
•broad trends in finance and technology;
•changes in price levels and volatility in the stock markets;
•the level and volatility of interest rates;
•volatility in commodity markets, including the energy markets;
•inflation;
•changes in government monetary or tax policy;
•the imposition of governmental economic sanctions on countries in which we do business or where we plan to expand our business; and
•the perceived attractiveness of the u.s. or european capital markets.
any one of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results by causing a substantial decline in the financial services markets and reducing trading volumes or values.
additionally, since borrowings under our credit facilities bear interest at variable rates and commercial paper is issued at prevailing interest rates, any increase in interest rates on debt that we have not fixed using interest rate hedges will increase our interest expense, reduce our cash flow or increase the cost of future borrowings or refinancings. other than variable rate debt, we believe our business has relatively large fixed costs and low variable costs, which magnifies the impact of revenue fluctuations on our operating results. as a result, a decline in our revenue may lead to a relatively larger impact on operating results. a substantial portion of our operating expenses is related to personnel costs, regulation and corporate overhead, none of which can be adjusted quickly and some of which cannot be adjusted at all. our operating expense levels are based on our expectations for future revenue. if actual revenue is below management's expectations, or if our expenses increase before revenues do, both revenues less transaction-based expenses and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. because of these factors, it is possible that our operating results or other operating metrics may fail to meet the expectations of stock market analysts and investors. if this happens, the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected.
our operational processes are subject to the risk of error, which may result in financial loss or reputational damage.
we have instituted extensive controls to reduce the risk of error inherent in our operations; however, such risk cannot completely be eliminated. our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and report, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets. some of our operations require complex processes, and the introduction of new products or services or changes in processes or reporting due to regulatory requirements may result in an increased risk of errors for a period after implementation. additionally, the likelihood of such errors or vulnerabilities is heightened as we acquire new products from third parties, whether as a result of acquisitions or otherwise.
data, other content or information that we distribute may contain errors or be delayed, causing reputational harm. use of our products and services as part of the investment process creates the risk that clients, or the parties whose assets are managed by our clients, may pursue claims against us in the event of such delay or error. even with a favorable outcome, significant litigation against us might unduly burden management, personnel, financial and other resources.
in addition, the sophisticated software we sell to our customers may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities, some of which may be discovered only after delivery, or could fail to perform its intended purpose. because our clients depend on our solutions for critical business functions, any service interruptions, failures or other issues may result in lost or delayed market acceptance and lost sales, or negative customer experiences that could damage our reputation, resulting in the loss of customers, loss of revenues and liability for damages, which may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
climate change may have a long-term adverse impact on our business, and climate change disclosure requirements may reduce demand for listings on our exchanges.
while we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change by establishing robust environmental and sustainability programs, there are inherent climate related risks wherever our business is conducted. there is an increased focus from our regulators, investors, clients, employees, and other stakeholders concerning corporate citizenship and sustainability matters. access to clean water and reliable energy in the communities where we conduct our business, whether for our offices, data centers, vendors, clients or other stakeholders, is a priority. for example, changes in weather where we operate may increase the costs of powering and cooling our data centers or the facilities that we use to operate our exchanges and clearinghouses, develop our products or provide cloud-based services. climate related events, including extreme weather events and their impact on the critical infrastructure in the united states and elsewhere, have the potential to disrupt our business or the business of our clients; cause increased volatility in commodity markets in which nasdaq clearing operates as a clearinghouse, which may result in nasdaq clearing holding insufficient collateral for such volatility; lead to an increase in costs of raw materials, which may adversely affect certain of our listed companies operating in certain sectors and create adverse market conditions, including trading volatility beyond historical levels, any of which could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and operating results. additionally, if the sec or other federal regulatory agencies impose comprehensive reporting obligations regarding climate change on public companies, there may be a decrease in new listings or an increase in delistings of our listed companies, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. such new regulations, whether in the u.s. or in other countries in which we operate, could also cause us to incur additional compliance and reporting costs.
our businesses operate in various international markets, including certain emerging markets that are subject to greater political, economic and social uncertainties than developed countries.
our businesses operate in various international markets, including but not limited to northern europe, the baltics, the middle east, africa and asia, and our non-u.s. operations are subject to the risk inherent in the international environment. political, economic or social events or developments in one or more of our non-u.s. locations could adversely affect our operations and financial results. some locations, such as lithuania, india and the philippines, have economies that may be subject to greater political, economic and social uncertainties than countries with more developed institutional structures, which may increase our operational risk.
unforeseen or catastrophic events could interrupt our critical business functions. in addition, our u.s. and european businesses are heavily concentrated in particular areas and may be adversely affected by events in those areas.
we may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, pandemics (such as covid-19), extreme weather, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, human error, theft, sabotage and vandalism. given our position in the global capital markets, we may be more likely than other companies to be a target for malicious disruption activities.
in addition, our u.s. and european business operations are heavily concentrated in the east coast of the u.s., and stockholm, sweden, respectively. any event that impacts either of those geographic areas could potentially affect our ability to operate our businesses.
we have disaster recovery and business continuity plans and capabilities for critical systems and business functions to mitigate the risk of an interruption. any interruption in our critical business functions or systems could negatively impact our financial condition and operating results. additionally, some colocation customers may lack adequate disaster recovery solutions to avoid loss of trade flow from a sustained interruption of our critical systems.
because we have operations in numerous countries, we are exposed to currency risk.
we have operations in the u.s., the nordic and baltic countries, canada, the united kingdom, australia and many other foreign countries. we therefore have significant exposure to exchange rate movements between the euro, swedish krona, the canadian dollar and other foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar. significant inflation or disproportionate changes in foreign exchange rates with respect to one or more of these currencies could occur as a result of general economic conditions, acts of war or terrorism, changes in governmental monetary or tax policy, changes in local interest rates or other factors. these exchange rate differences will affect the translation of our non-u.s. results of operations, interest expense and financial condition into u.s. dollars as part of the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
if our risk management methods are not effective, our business, reputation and financial results may be adversely affected.
we utilize widely-accepted methods to identify, assess, monitor and manage our risks, including oversight of risk management by nasdaq's global risk management committee, which is comprised of senior executives and has the responsibility for regularly reviewing risks and referring significant risks to the board of directors or specific board committees. local risk management committees in our international offices provide local risk oversight and escalation to local boards, as appropriate. certain risk management methods require subjective evaluation of dynamic information regarding markets, customers or other matters. that variable information may not in all cases be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. if we do not successfully identify, assess, monitor or manage the risks to which we are exposed, our business, reputation, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected.
decisions to declare future dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and there can be no guarantee that we will pay future dividends to our stockholders.
our board of directors regularly declares quarterly cash dividend payments on our outstanding common stock. future declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to approval by nasdaq's board of directors. the board's determination to declare dividends will depend upon our profitability and financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that the board deems relevant. based on an evaluation of these factors, the board of directors may determine not to declare future dividends at all or to declare future dividends at a reduced amount. accordingly, there can be no guarantee that we will pay future dividends to our stockholders.
provisions of our certificate of incorporation, by-laws, exchange rules (including provisions included to address sec concerns) and governing law restrict the ownership and voting of our common stock. in addition, such provisions could delay or prevent a change in control of us and entrench current management.
our organizational documents place restrictions on the voting rights of certain stockholders. the holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders except that no person may exercise voting rights in respect of any shares in excess of 5% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. any change to the 5% voting limitation would require sec approval.
in response to the sec's concern about a concentration of our ownership, the rules of some of our exchange subsidiaries include a prohibition on any member or any person associated with a member of the exchange from beneficially owning more than 20% of our outstanding voting interests. sec consent would be required before any investor could obtain more than a 20% voting interest in us. the rules of some of our exchange subsidiaries also require the sec's approval of any business ventures with exchange members, subject to exceptions.
our organizational documents contain provisions that may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a change of control of us, such as a tender offer or takeover proposal that might result in a premium over the market price for our common stock. additionally, certain of these provisions make it more difficult to bring about a change in the composition of our board of directors, which could result in entrenchment of current management.
our certificate of incorporation and by-laws:
•do not permit stockholders to act by written consent;
•require certain advance notice for director nominations and actions to be taken at annual meetings; and
•authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock, or "blank check" preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors without stockholder approval.
section 203 of the delaware general corporation law imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more (or, in some cases, a holder who previously held 15% or more) of our common stock. in general, delaware law prohibits a publicly held corporation from engaging in a "business combination" with an "interested stockholder" for three years after the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the corporation's board of directors and stockholders approve the business combination in a prescribed manner.
finally, many of the european countries where we operate regulated entities require prior governmental approval before an investor acquires 10% or greater of our common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of nasdaq should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this form 10-k, as well as the discussion under "item 1a. risk factors." for further discussion of our growth strategy, products and services, and competitive strengths, see "item 1. business." unless stated otherwise, the comparisons presented in this discussion and analysis refer to the year-over-year comparison of changes in our financial condition and results of operations as of and for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021. discussion of fiscal year 2021 items and the year-over year comparison of changes in our financial condition and results of operations as of and for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020 can be found in part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021, which was previously filed with the sec on february 23, 2022, with the exception of certain discussions impacted by the new corporate structure.
business segments in september 2022, we announced a new organizational structure which aligns our businesses more closely with the foundational shifts that are driving the evolution of the global financial system. the new corporate structure includes three business segments: market platforms, capital access platforms and anti-financial crime. all prior periods have been restated to conform to the current period presentation. see note 1, "organization and nature of operations," and note 19, "business segments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our reportable segments and geographic data, as well as how management allocates resources, assesses performance and manages these businesses as three separate segments. see "part i, item 1. business" for additional discussion on recent developments and highlights.
nasdaq's operating results the following tables summarize our financial performance for the year ended december 31, 2022 when compared to the same period in 2021 and for the year ended december 31, 2021 when compared to the same period in 2020. the comparability of our results of operations between reported periods is impacted by the acquisition of verafin in february 2021. see "2021 acquisition," of note 4, "acquisitions and divestiture," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. for a detailed discussion of our results of operations, see "segment operating results" below.
year ended december 31,                                  percentage change
2022                                                                               2021                 2020                 2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions, except per share amounts)
revenues less transaction-based expenses             $3,582               $3,420               $2,903                           4.7      %          17.8      %
operating expenses                                    2,018                1,979                1,669                           2.0      %          18.6      %
operating income                                      1,564                1,441                1,234                           8.5      %          16.8      %
net income attributable to nasdaq                    $1,125               $1,187                 $933                         (5.2)      %          27.2      %
diluted earnings per share                            $2.26                $2.35                $1.86                         (3.8)      %          26.3      %
cash dividends declared per common share              $0.78                $0.70                $0.65                          11.4      %           7.7      %
in countries with currencies other than the u.s. dollar, revenues and expenses are translated using monthly average exchange rates. impacts on our revenues less transaction-based expenses and operating income associated with fluctuations in foreign currency are discussed in more detail under "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
the following chart summarizes our arr (in millions):
arr for a given period is the annualized revenue derived from subscription contracts with a defined contract value. this excludes contracts that are not recurring, are one-time in nature, or where the contract value fluctuates based on defined metrics. also excluded are contracts that are signed but not yet commenced. arr is one of our key performance metrics to assess the health and trajectory of our recurring business. arr does not have any standardized definition and is therefore unlikely to be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. arr should be viewed independently of revenue and deferred revenue and is not intended to be combined with or to replace either of those items. arr is not a forecast and the active contracts at the end of a reporting period used in calculating arr may or may not be extended or renewed by our customers.
the arr chart includes:
▪        anti-financial crime support and saas subscription contracts
▪        proprietary market data subscriptions and annual listing fees within our data &amp; listing services business, index data subscriptions and guaranteed minimum on futures contracts within our index business and subscription contracts under our workflow &amp; insights business.
▪        market technology support and saas subscription contracts as well as trade management services contracts, excluding one-time service requests.
the following chart summarizes our quarterly annualized saas revenues for our solutions businesses, which are comprised of the capital access platforms and anti-financial crime segments and the marketplace technology business within the market platforms segment, for the three months ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in millions):
segment operating results the following table presents our revenues by segment, transaction-based expenses for our market platforms segment and total revenues less transaction-based expenses:
year ended december 31,                                  percentage change
2022             2021             2020                 2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
market platforms                                                  $4,225           $4,048           $4,179                         4.4      %         (3.1)      %
capital access platforms                                           1,684            1,568            1,287                         7.4      %          21.8      %
anti-financial crime                                                 306              231              116                        32.5      %          99.1      %
other revenues                                                        11               39               43                      (71.8)      %         (9.3)      %
total revenues                                                     6,226            5,886            5,625                         5.8      %           4.6      %
transaction rebates                                              (2,092)          (2,168)          (2,028)                       (3.5)      %           6.9      %
brokerage, clearance and exchange fees                             (552)            (298)            (694)                        85.2      %        (57.1)      %
total revenues less transaction-based expenses                    $3,582           $3,420           $2,903                         4.7      %          17.8      %
the following charts present our market platforms, capital access platforms and anti-financial crime segments as a percentage of our total revenues, less transaction-based expenses.
percentage of revenues less transaction-based expenses by segment for the:
market platforms the following tables present revenues from our market platforms segment:
year ended december 31,                                  percentage change
2022                                                                      2021             2020                 2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
trading services                                $3,663            $3,503            $3,654                         4.6      %         (4.1)      %
marketplace technology                             562               545               525                         3.1      %           3.8      %
total market platforms                          $4,225            $4,048            $4,179                         4.4      %         (3.1)      %
transaction-based expenses:
transaction rebates                            (2,092)           (2,168)           (2,028)                       (3.5)      %           6.9      %
brokerage, clearance and exchange fees           (552)             (298)             (694)                        85.2      %        (57.1)      %
total market platforms, net                     $1,581            $1,582            $1,457                       (0.1)      %           8.6      %
trading services our trading services business includes equity derivatives trading, cash equity trading, nordic fixed income trading & clearing, u.s. tape plans and other revenues. the following tables present net revenues by product from our trading services business:
year ended december 31,                                  percentage change
2022                                                              2021           2020                 2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
u.s. equity derivative trading              $371             $343           $287        8.2                       %          19.5      %
cash equity trading                          397              429            381                       (7.5)      %          12.6      %
u.s. tape plans                              149              155            162                       (3.9)      %         (4.3)      %
other                                        102              110            102                       (7.3)      %           7.8      %
trading services, net                     $1,019           $1,037           $932                       (1.7)      %          11.3      %
in the table above, other includes nordic fixed income trading & clearing, nordic derivatives, nordic commodities, and canadian cash equities trading.
u.s. equity derivative trading the following tables present total revenues, transaction-based expenses, and total revenues less transaction-based expenses as well as key drivers from our u.s. equity derivative trading business:
year ended december 31,                                     percentage change
2022                                                                            2021             2020                    2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
u.s. equity derivative trading revenues               $1,252            $1,367            $1,122                          (8.4)      %          21.8      %
section 31 fees                                           89                32                69                          178.1      %        (53.6)      %
transaction-based expenses:
transaction rebates                                    (878)           (1,018)             (828)                         (13.8)      %          22.9      %
section 31 fees                                         (89)              (32)              (69)                          178.1      %        (53.6)      %
brokerage and clearance fees                             (3)               (6)               (7)                         (50.0)      %        (14.3)      %
u.s. equity derivative trading revenues, net            $371              $343              $287                            8.2      %          19.5      %
section 31 fees are recorded as equity derivative and cash equity derivative trading revenues with a corresponding amount recorded in transaction-based expenses. we are assessed these fees from the sec and pass them through to our customers in the form of incremental fees. pass-through fees can increase or decrease due to rate changes by the sec, our percentage of the overall industry volumes processed on our systems, and differences in actual dollar value traded. the sec implemented a fee increase in may 2022 and a decrease in february 2021. since the amount recorded in revenues is equal to the amount recorded as section 31 fees, there is no impact on our net revenues.
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                             2021                    2020
u.s. equity options total industry average daily volume (in millions)                    38.2                    37.2                    27.7
nasdaq phlx matched market share                                     11.6   %                12.4   %                12.7   %
the nasdaq options market matched market share                        8.0   %                 8.1   %                 9.8   %
nasdaq bx options matched market share                                2.8   %                 1.4   %                 0.2   %
nasdaq ise options matched market share                               5.7   %                 6.6   %                 7.8   %
nasdaq gemx options matched market share                              2.3   %                 4.3   %                 5.6   %
nasdaq mrx options matched market share                               1.6   %                 1.6   %                 0.7   %
total matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges            32.0   %                34.4   %                36.8   %
u.s. equity derivative trading revenues decreased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to lower overall matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges and lower gross capture rate, partially offset by higher industry trading volumes.
u.s. equity derivative trading revenues less transaction-based expenses increased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to higher capture rates and higher industry trading volumes, and lower transaction rebates, partially offset by lower overall matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges.
u.s. equity derivative trading and clearing revenues and u.s. equity derivative trading and clearing revenues less transaction-based expenses increased in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to higher u.s. industry trading volumes, partially offset by lower overall u.s. matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges and a lower capture rate.
transaction rebates, in which we credit a portion of the execution charge to the market participant, decreased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to lower overall u.s. matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges and lower rebate capture rate, partially offset by higher industry trading volumes. transaction rebates increased in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to higher u.s. industry trading volumes, partially offset by lower overall u.s. matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges and a lower rebate capture rate.
cash equity trading revenues the following tables present total revenues, transaction-based expenses, and total revenues less transaction-based expenses as well as key drivers and other metrics from our cash equity trading business:
year ended december 31,                                  percentage change
2022                                                                 2021             2020                 2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
cash equity trading revenues                 $1,605           $1,578           $1,582                         1.7      %         (0.3)      %
section 31 fees                                 436              229              586                        90.4      %        (60.9)      %
transaction-based expenses:
transaction rebates                         (1,184)          (1,118)          (1,169)                         5.9      %         (4.4)      %
section 31 fees                               (436)            (229)            (586)                        90.4      %        (60.9)      %
brokerage and clearance fees                   (24)             (31)             (32)                      (22.6)      %         (3.1)      %
cash equity trading revenues, net              $397             $429             $381                       (7.5)      %          12.6      %
see discussion in "u.s. equity derivative trading" for an explanation of section 31 fees and the period over period analysis.
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                      2021                        2020
total u.s.-listed securities total industry average daily share volume (in billions)                         11.9                                11.4                          10.9
matched share volume (in billions)                                             522.8                               491.9                         508.3
the nasdaq stock market matched market share                                    16.2     %                          15.8     %                    16.8   %
nasdaq bx matched market share                                                   0.5     %                           0.6     %                     0.9   %
nasdaq psx matched market share                                                  0.8     %                           0.7     %                     0.6   %
total matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges                       17.5     %                          17.1     %                    18.3   %
market share reported to the finra/nasdaq trade reporting facility              35.2     %                          34.9     %                    31.8   %
total market share                                                              52.7     %                          52.0     %                    50.1   %
nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic securities average daily number of equity trades executed on nasdaq's exchanges               908,813                           1,036,523                 933,822
total average daily value of shares traded (in billions)                        $5.4                                $6.4                          $5.6
total market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges                               71.5     %                          76.9     %                    78.1   %
in the tables above, total market shares includes transactions executed on the nasdaq stock market's, nasdaq bx's and nasdaq psx's systems plus trades reported through the finra/nasdaq trade reporting facility.
cash equity trading revenues increased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to higher u.s. industry trading volumes and higher overall u.s. matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges, partially offset by an unfavorable impact of changes in foreign exchange rates of $16 million, lower u.s. gross capture rate, lower european trading volumes and lower european market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges.
cash equity trading revenues less transaction-based expenses decreased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to lower capture rate, the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign exchange rates of $16 million, lower european trading volumes and lower european market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges, partially offset by higher u.s. industry trading volumes.
cash equity trading revenues decreased in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to lower overall u.s. matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges, partially offset by higher u.s. gross capture rates, higher u.s. industry trading volumes, higher european value traded and a favorable impact from changes in foreign exchange rates.
cash equity trading revenues less transaction-based expenses increased in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to higher u.s. capture rates, higher u.s. industry trading volumes, higher european value traded and a favorable impact from changes in foreign exchange rates, partially offset by lower overall u.s. matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges.
transaction rebates increased in 2022 compared with 2021. for the nasdaq stock market and nasdaq psx, we credit a portion of the per share execution charge to the market participant that provides the liquidity, and for nasdaq bx, we credit a portion of the per share execution charge to the market participant that takes the liquidity. the increase was primarily due to higher u.s. industry volumes and higher u.s. matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges, partially offset by lower rebate capture rate. transaction rebates decreased in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to lower overall u.s. matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges and a lower rebate capture rate, partially offset by higher u.s. industry trading volumes.
u.s. tape plans the following tables present revenues from our u.s. tape plans business:
year ended december 31,                                            percentage change
2022                                   2021           2020                2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
u.s. tape plans         $149           $155           $162                 (3.9)      %         (4.3)      %
u.s. tape plans revenues decreased in 2022 compared with in 2021 and 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to lower market share and usage.
other other includes nordic fixed income trading and clearing, nordic derivatives, nordic commodities and canadian cash equities trading. the following tables present revenue and key driver from our other business:
year ended december 31,                                            percentage change
2022                       2021           2020                2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
other       $102           $110           $102                 (7.3)      %           7.8      %
in the table above, other includes transaction rebates of $30 million, $32 million and $31 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively.
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                   2021                                      2020
nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic options and futures total average daily volume of options and futures contracts       296,626                                   287,182                            320,204
in the tables above, nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic total average daily volume of options and futures contracts include finnish option contracts traded on eurex for which nasdaq and eurex have a revenue sharing arrangement.
other revenues decreased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign exchange rates of $14 million and lower commodities products revenues, partially offset by higher european trading volumes and higher collateral management services revenues. other revenues increased in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to the favorable impact of changes in foreign exchange rates of $5 million, higher capture rate and higher european clearing products revenues, partially offset by lower european trading volumes.
marketplace technology marketplace technology includes our trade management services and market technology businesses.
the following tables present revenues and key drivers from our marketplace technology business:
year ended december 31,                                                     percentage change
2022                                         2021           2020                         2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
marketplace technology        $562           $545           $525           3.1                       %           3.8      %
as of or three months ended december 31,
2022   2021                          2020
(in millions)
arr                                                   $503                          $479                          $468
quarterly annualized saas revenues                      39        31                            27
order intake                                          $264                          $304                          $167
in the table above, order intake is for our market technology business and represents the total contract value of orders signed during the period.
marketplace technology revenues increased in 2022 compared with 2021 and 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to higher trade management services revenues associated with increased demand for connectivity services, partially offset by lower market technology revenues. the decrease in market technology revenues in 2022 was due to the successful completion of long-term contracts in 2021 and the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign exchange rates of $10 million, partially offset by growth in saas-based revenues. the decrease in market technology revenues in 2021 was primarily due to lower professional services revenues, partially offset by an increase in saas revenues.
capital access platforms the following tables present revenues and key drivers from our capital access platforms segment:
year ended december 31,                                  percentage change
2022                                                              2021             2020                 2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
data &amp; listing services                 $729             $680             $574                         7.2      %          18.5      %
index                                        486              459              324                         5.9      %          41.7      %
workflow &amp; insights                      469              429              389                         9.3      %          10.3      %
total capital access platforms            $1,684           $1,568           $1,287                         7.4      %          21.8      %
as of or three months ended december 31,
2022                                                       2021                            2020
(in millions)
arr                                          $1,192                          $1,113                          $986
quarterly annualized saas revenues             $388                            $356                          $323
data & listing services revenues the following tables present key drivers from our data & listing services business:
year ended december 31,
2022                      2021                      2020
ipos the nasdaq stock market                                                     161                       752                           316
exchanges that comprise nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic                      38                       174                            45
total new listings the nasdaq stock market                                                     366                     1,000                           454
exchanges that comprise nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic                      63                       207                            67
number of listed companies the nasdaq stock market                                                   4,230                     4,178                     3,392
exchanges that comprise nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic                   1,251                     1,235                     1,071
in the tables above:
•the nasdaq stock market new listings include ipos, including issuers that switched from other listing venues and separately listed etps. for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, ipos included 74, 433 and 132 spacs, respectively.
•exchanges that comprise nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic new listings include ipos and represent companies listed on the nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic exchanges and companies on the alternative markets of nasdaq first north.
•number of total listed companies on the nasdaq stock market for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 included 528, 441 and 412 etps, respectively.
•number of total listed companies on the exchanges that comprise nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic represents companies listed on these exchanges and companies on the alternative markets of nasdaq first north.
data & listing services revenues increased in 2022 compared with 2021 and 2021 compared with 2020. the increase in 2022 was primarily due to an increase in annual listing fees, due to an increase in the overall number of listed companies, and an increase in proprietary data revenues driven by higher international demand, partially offset by lower initial listings fees and the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign exchange rates of $21 million. the increase in 2021 was primarily due to an increase in annual and initial listing fees due to the increase in the overall number of listed companies and an increase in proprietary data revenues driven by higher international demand.
index revenues the following tables present key drivers from our index business:
as of or three months ended december 31,
2022                                      2021                          2020
number of licensed etps                                                                              379                                       362                                  339
ttm change in period end etp aum tracking nasdaq indexes (in billions)
beginning balance                                                                                   $424                                      $359                            $233
net (depreciation) appreciation                                                                    (142)                                        83                              80
net impact of etp sponsor switches                                                                   (1)                                      (92)                               -
net inflows                                                                                           34                                        74                              46
ending balance                                                                                      $315                                      $424                            $359
quarterly average etp aum tracking nasdaq indexes (in billions)                                     $326                                      $400                            $334
quarterly annualized saas revenues (in millions)                                                    $220                                      $208                            $179
in the table above, ttm represents trailing twelve months.
index revenues increased in 2022 compared with 2021 and 2021 compared with 2020. the increase in 2022 was primarily due to higher licensing revenues from futures trading linked to the nasdaq-100 index, partially offset by lower aum in etps linked to nasdaq indexes. the increase in 2021 was primarily due to higher licensing revenues from higher average aum in etps linked to nasdaq indexes and higher licensing revenues from futures trading linked to the nasdaq-100 index.
workflow & insights revenues workflow & insights revenues increased in 2022 compared with 2021 and 2021 compared with 2020. the increase in both periods was due to an increase in both analytics and corporate solutions revenues. the increase in analytics revenues for both periods was primarily due to the growth in our evestment and solovis products driven by new sales, strong retention, and higher average revenue per client from expanded offerings. the increase in corporate solutions for both periods was due to higher adoption of our investor relations intelligence products as well as new esg solutions, with esg solutions being the primary driver of the increase in 2022.
anti-financial crime the following tables present revenues and key drivers from our anti-financial crime segment:
year ended december 31,                                                     percentage change
2022                                      2021           2020                         2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
anti-financial crime       $306           $231           $116           32.5                      %          99.1      %
as of or three months ended december 31,
2022                          2021                          2020
(in millions)
arr                                                   $312                          $269                       $111
signed arr                                             338                           288                       -
quarterly annualized saas revenues                     298                           253                            97
in the table above, signed arr reflects arr recognized as revenue in the current period as well as arr for new contracts signed but not yet commenced. we began tracking signed arr in 2021 following our acquisition of verafin, and thus there is no available metric for 2020.
anti-financial crime revenues increased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to an increase in demand for fraud detection and anti-money laundering solutions and strong performance by our surveillance business in new sales to existing clients and new customer acquisitions. the increase was also driven by a $28 million purchase price adjustment on verafin deferred revenue in 2021 and the inclusion of a full year of verafin revenues in 2022. the increase in 2021 compared with 2020 was due to the inclusion of revenues from our acquisition of verafin and growth in our surveillance solutions.
other revenues other revenues include revenues related to our nordic broker services business, for which we completed the wind-down in june 2022, as well as revenues associated with our u.s. fixed income business, which was sold in june 2021. prior to the closing of the transaction, these revenues were included in our market platforms and capital access platforms segments. see "2021 divestiture," of note 4, "acquisitions and divestiture," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of this divestiture. additionally, for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, other revenues include revenues associated with the npm business which we contributed in july 2021 to a standalone, independent company, of which we own the largest minority interest, together with a consortium of third-party financial institutions. prior to july 2021, these revenues were included in our capital access platforms segment. for the twelve months ended december 31, 2022, other revenues also include a transitional services agreement associated with a divested business.
expenses operating expenses the following table presents our operating expenses:
year ended december 31,                                  percentage change
2022                                                                          2021             2020                 2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
compensation and benefits                             $1,003             $938             $786                         6.9      %          19.3      %
professional and contract services                       140              144              137                       (2.8)      %           5.1      %
computer operations and data communications              207              186              151                        11.3      %          23.2      %
occupancy                                                104              109              107                       (4.6)      %           1.9      %
general, administrative and other                        125               85              142                        47.1      %        (40.1)      %
marketing and advertising                                 51               57               39                      (10.5)      %          46.2      %
depreciation and amortization                            258              278              202                       (7.2)      %          37.6      %
regulatory                                                33               64               24                      (48.4)      %         166.7      %
merger and strategic initiatives                          82               87               33                       (5.7)      %         163.6      %
restructuring charges                                     15               31               48                      (51.6)      %        (35.4)      %
total operating expenses                              $2,018           $1,979           $1,669                         2.0      %          18.6      %
the increase in compensation and benefits expense in 2022 compared with 2021 was primarily driven by continued investment in employees to drive growth and inflationary pressures, partially offset by a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates of $42 million.
headcount, including employees of non-wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries, increased to 6,377 employees as of december 31, 2022 from 5,814 as of december 31, 2021 reflecting growth across each of our three segments.
professional and contract services expense decreased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates and a decrease in legal fees, partially offset by an increase in consulting costs.
computer operations and data communications expense increased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to higher software costs and higher costs related to new cloud initiatives.
occupancy expense decreased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates.
general, administrative and other expense increased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to an accrual related to a legal matter and higher travel costs.
marketing and advertising expense decreased in 2022 compared with 2021, reflecting lower ipo activity.
depreciation and amortization expense decreased in 2022 compared with 2021 due to an impairment charge of $14 million in 2021 related to a finite-lived intangible asset for customer relationships associated with the wind down of a previous acquisition and a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates.
regulatory expense decreased in 2022 compared with 2021 due to a charge in 2021 associated with an administrative fine issued by the sfsa. see "nasdaq commodities clearing default," of note 15, "clearing operations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the sfsa administrative fine.
we have pursued various strategic initiatives and completed acquisitions and divestitures in recent years, which have resulted in expenses which would not have otherwise been incurred. these expenses generally include integration costs, as well as legal, due diligence and other third-party transaction costs and vary based on the size and frequency of the activities described above.
see note 20, "restructuring charges," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our 2022 divisional alignment program and 2019 restructuring plans and charges associated with these plans.
non-operating income and expenses the following table presents our non-operating income and expenses:
year ended december 31,                                     percentage change
2022                                                                   2021           2020                    2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
interest income                                      $7             $1             $4                          600.0      %        (75.0)      %
interest expense                                  (129)          (125)          (101)                            3.2      %          23.8      %
net interest expense                              (122)          (124)           (97)                          (1.6)      %          27.8      %
net gain on divestiture of business                   -             84              -                        (100.0)      %                  n/m other income                                          2             81              5                         (97.5)      %       1,520.0      %
net income from unconsolidated investees             31             52             70                         (40.4)      %        (25.7)      %
total non-operating income (expenses)             $(89)            $93          $(22)                        (195.7)      %       (522.7)      %
_______
n/m not meaningful.
the following table presents our interest expense:
year ended december 31,                                  percentage change
2022                                                                                      2021                      2020                 2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
interest expense on debt                                    $120                      $115                       $93                        4.3      %          23.7      %
accretion of debt issuance costs and debt discount             7                         7                         6                          -      %          16.7      %
other fees                                                     2                         3                         2                     (33.3)      %          50.0      %
interest expense                                            $129                      $125                      $101                        3.2      %          23.8      %
interest income increased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to an increase in interest rates.
interest expense increased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to an increase in interest rates related to borrowings under our commercial paper program.
the net gain on divestiture of business in 2021 relates to the sale of our u.s. fixed income business, which was part of our ficc business within our market services segment. we recognized a pre-tax gain on the sale of $84 million, net of disposal costs. see "2021 divestiture," of note 4, "acquisitions and divestiture," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
other income decreased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to gains from strategic investments related to our corporate venture program in the prior year.
net income from unconsolidated investees decreased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to a decrease in income recognized from our equity method investment in occ. see "equity method investments," of note 6, "investments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
tax matters the following table presents our income tax provision and effective tax rate:
year ended december 31,                                  percentage change
2022                                              2021           2020                 2022 vs. 2021        2021 vs. 2020
(in millions)
income tax provision               $352           $347           $279   1.4                       %          24.4      %
effective tax rate            23.9    %      22.6    %      23.0    %
for further discussion of our tax matters, see note 17, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements.
non-gaap financial measures in addition to disclosing results determined in accordance with u.s. gaap, we also provide non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and non-gaap diluted earnings per share. management uses this non-gaap information internally, along with u.s. gaap information, in evaluating our performance and in making financial and operational decisions. we believe our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency and supplemental data relating to our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we believe the presentation of these measures is useful to investors for period-to-period comparisons of our ongoing operating performance.
these measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, u.s. gaap, and may be different from non-gaap measures used by other companies. in addition, other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate such measures differently, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures. investors should not rely on any single financial measure when evaluating our business. this non-gaap information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant as a substitute for our operating results in accordance with u.s. gaap. we recommend investors review the u.s. gaap financial measures included in this annual report on form 10-k, including our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. when viewed in conjunction with our u.s. gaap results and the accompanying reconciliation, we believe these non-gaap measures provide greater transparency and a more complete understanding of factors affecting our business than u.s. gaap measures alone.
we understand that analysts and investors regularly rely on non-gaap financial measures, such as non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and non-gaap diluted earnings per share, to assess operating performance. we use non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and non-gaap diluted earnings per share because they highlight trends more clearly in our business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on u.s. gaap financial measures, since these measures eliminate from our results specific financial items that have less bearing on our ongoing operating performance. we believe that excluding the following items from the non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq provides a more meaningful analysis of nasdaq's ongoing operating performance and comparisons in nasdaq's performance between periods:
•amortization expense of acquired intangible assets: we amortize intangible assets acquired in connection with various acquisitions. intangible asset amortization expense can vary from period to period due to episodic acquisitions completed, rather than from our ongoing business operations. as such, if intangible asset amortization is included in performance measures, it is more difficult to assess the day-to-day operating performance of the businesses and the relative operating performance of the businesses between periods.
•merger and strategic initiatives expense: we have pursued various strategic initiatives and completed acquisitions and divestitures in recent years that have resulted in expenses which would not have otherwise been incurred. the frequency and the amount of such expenses vary significantly based on the size, timing and complexity of the transaction. these expenses primarily include integration costs, as well as legal, due diligence and other third-party transaction costs.
•restructuring charges: in 2022, following our september announcement to realign our segments and leadership, we initiated a divisional alignment program with a focus on realizing the full potential of this structure. in 2019, we initiated the transition of certain technology platforms to advance our strategic opportunities as a technology and analytics provider and continue the realignment of certain business areas. see note 20, "restructuring charges," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our 2022 divisional alignment program as well as our 2019 restructuring plan, which was completed in june 2021.
•net income from unconsolidated investee: our income on our investment in occ may vary significantly compared to prior periods due to the changes in occ's capital management policy. see "equity method investments," of note 6, "investments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
•other items: we have excluded certain other charges or gains, including certain tax items, that are the result of other non-comparable events to measure operating performance. for the year ended december 31, 2022, other items include accruals related to a legal matter, included in general, administrative and other expense in our consolidated statements of income and a regulatory matter offset by the release of $5 million in relation to the reduction of the administrative fine issued by the sfsa both recorded in regulatory expense in our consolidated statements of income. for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 other items also include a loss on extinguishment of debt, included in general, administrative and other expense in our consolidated statements of income and net gains and losses from strategic investments entered into through our corporate venture program, included in other income in our consolidated statements of income. for the year ended december 31, 2021, other items included a charge related to an administrative fine imposed by the sfsa. the 2022 and 2021 sfsa charges associated with the default that occurred in 2018, are included in regulatory expense in our consolidated statements of income. see "nasdaq commodities clearing default," of note 15, "clearing operations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. for the year ended december 31, 2021, other items also included a net gain on divestiture of businesses, which represents our pre-tax net gain of $84 million on the sale of our u.s. fixed income business.
•significant tax items: the non-gaap adjustment to the income tax provision for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily includes the tax impact of each non-gaap adjustment. in addition, for the year ended december 31, 2021, the non-gaap adjustment to the income tax provision includes adjustments related to return-to-provision and a prior year tax benefit.
the following tables present reconciliations between u.s. gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and diluted earnings per share and non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and diluted earnings per share:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                2021                 2020
(in millions, except per share amounts)
u.s. gaap net income attributable to nasdaq                                           $1,125               $1,187                 $933
non-gaap adjustments:
amortization expense of acquired intangible assets                                       153                  170                  103
merger and strategic initiatives expense                                                  82                   87                   33
restructuring charges                                                                     15                   31                   48
net income from unconsolidated investee                                                 (29)                 (52)                 (70)
regulatory matters                                                                         1                   33                  (6)
provision for notes receivable                                                             -                    -                    6
extinguishment of debt                                                                    16                   33                   36
net gain on divestiture of business                                                        -                 (84)                    -
charitable donations                                                                       -                    -                   17
other                                                                                     27                 (71)                   14
total non-gaap adjustments                                                               265                  147                  181
total non-gaap tax adjustments                                                          (66)                 (61)                 (83)
total non-gaap adjustments, net of tax                                                   199                   86                   98
non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq                                            $1,324               $1,273               $1,031
u.s. gaap effective tax rate                                                            23.9      %          22.6      %          23.0      %
total adjustments from non-gaap tax rate                                                 0.1      %           1.7      %           3.0      %
non-gaap effective tax rate                                                             24.0      %          24.3      %          26.0      %
weighted-average common shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share              497.9                505.1                500.7
u.s. gaap diluted earnings per share                                                   $2.26                $2.35                $1.86
total adjustments from non-gaap net income                                              0.40                 0.17                 0.20
non-gaap diluted earnings per share                                                    $2.66                $2.52                $2.06
liquidity and capital resources historically, we have funded our operating activities and met our commitments through cash generated by operations, augmented by the periodic issuance of debt. currently, our cost and availability of funding remain healthy. we continue to prudently assess our capital deployment strategy through balancing acquisitions, internal investments, debt repayments, and shareholder return activity, including share repurchases and dividends.
in the near term, we expect that our operations and the availability under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper program will provide sufficient cash to fund our operating expenses, capital expenditures, debt repayments, any share repurchases and any dividends.
the value of various assets and liabilities, including cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses, the current portion of long-term debt, and commercial paper, can fluctuate from month to month. working capital (calculated as current assets less current liabilities) was $(231) million as of december 31, 2022, compared with $(449) million as of december 31, 2021, an increase of $218 million. the increase was primarily driven by a decrease in short-term debt and increases in cash and cash equivalents and receivables, net, partially offset by increases in section 31 fees payable to the sec and deferred revenue and decreases in other current assets and financial investments.
principal factors that could affect the availability of our internally-generated funds include:
•    deterioration of our revenues in any of our business segments;
•    changes in regulatory and working capital requirements; and
•an increase in our expenses.
principal factors that could affect our ability to obtain cash from external sources include:
•    operating covenants contained in our credit facilities that limit our total borrowing capacity;
•    credit rating downgrades, which could limit our access to additional debt;
•    a significant decrease in the market price of our common stock; and
•    volatility or disruption in the public debt and equity markets.
the following table summarizes our financial assets:
december 31, 2022                   december 31, 2021
(in millions)
cash and cash equivalents                          $502                                $393
financial investments            181                              208
total financial assets                             $683                                $601
cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents includes all non-restricted cash in banks and highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. the balance retained in cash and cash equivalents is a function of anticipated or possible short-term cash needs, prevailing interest rates, our investment policy, and alternative investment choices. as of december 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents of $502 million were primarily invested in bank deposits, money market funds and commercial paper. in the long-term, we may use both internally generated funds and external sources to satisfy our debt obligations and other long-term liabilities. cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2022 increased $109 million from december 31, 2021.
repatriation of cash our cash and cash equivalents held outside of the u.s. in various foreign subsidiaries totaled $275 million as of december 31, 2022 and $266 million as of december 31, 2021. the remaining balance held in the u.s. totaled $227 million as of december 31, 2022 and $127 million as of december 31, 2021.
unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries outside of the u.s. are used to finance our international operations and are considered to be indefinitely reinvested.
cash flow analysis the following table summarizes the changes in cash flows:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                                   2021                          2020
net cash provided by (used in):                                                                                                              (in millions)
operating activities                                                                                           $1,706           $1,083                          $1,252
investing activities                                                                                               49          (2,653)                           (122)
financing activities                                                                                            1,036            1,418                           1,910
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents         (1,293)            (331)                             353
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents                   1,498            (483)                           3,393
cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                          5,496            5,979                           2,586
cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period                               $6,994           $5,496                          $5,979
reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents                                                                                        $502             $393                          $2,745
restricted cash and cash equivalents                                                                               22               29                              37
restricted cash and cash equivalents (default funds and margin deposits)                                        6,470            5,074                           3,197
total                                                                                                          $6,994           $5,496                          $5,979
we have adjusted the presentation of the 2020 opening and ending amounts of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents in our consolidated statements of cash flows to include restricted cash and cash equivalents related to the default funds and margin deposits. see note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of this adjustment.
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities primarily consists of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items such as: depreciation and amortization expense of property and equipment; amortization expense of acquired finite-lived intangible assets; expense associated with share-based compensation; deferred income taxes; expense associated with extinguishment of debt; net gain on divestiture of business; and net income from unconsolidated investees.
net cash provided by operating activities is also impacted by the effects of changes in operating assets and liabilities such as: accounts receivable and deferred revenue which are impacted by the timing of customer billings and related collections from our customers; accounts payable and accrued expenses due to timing of payments; accrued personnel costs, which are impacted by employee performance targets and the timing of payments related to employee bonus incentives; and section 31 fees payable to the sec, which is impacted by the changes in sec fee rates and the timing of collections from customers and payments to the sec.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $623 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the same period in 2021. the increase was primarily driven by section 31 fees payable to the sec due to higher sec fee rates in 2022 and cash payments made in the second quarter of 2021 related to the acquisition of verafin, including a tax obligation paid on behalf of verafin of $221 million and a cash payment of $102 million, the release of which was subject to certain employment-related conditions following the closing of the acquisition of verafin. during the fourth quarter of 2022, the remaining amount of the $102 million was accelerated and paid to the eligible former verafin employees. the remaining change was primarily due to other fluctuations in our working capital.
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily related to net proceeds from sales and redemptions of investments related to default funds and margin deposits of $211 million and proceeds of $33 million from other investing activities, partially offset by purchases of property and equipment of $152 million and $41 million cash used for acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2021 primarily related to $2,430 million of cash used for acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired, primarily $221 million of cash acquired that was utilized to satisfy an acquisition-related tax obligation on behalf of verafin, $163 million of purchases of property and equipment, net purchases of investments related to default funds and margin deposits of $132 million, other investing activities of $87 million, and $31 million of net purchases of securities, partially offset by proceeds from the divestiture of a business, net of cash divested of $190 million.
net cash provided by financing activities net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily related to an increase in default funds and margin deposits of $2,440 million, proceeds of $541 million from the issuance of long-term-debt and proceeds of $238 million from the issuances of our commercial paper, net, partially offset by $1,097 million related to the repayment of our 2022 and 2024 notes, $383 million of dividend payments to our shareholders, $325 million of repurchases of common stock pursuant to the asr agreement and $308 million in other repurchases of common stock.
net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2021 primarily related to an increase in default funds and margin deposits of $2,330 million, proceeds of $826 million from the issuances of long-term-debt and utilization of credit commitment and $420 million of proceeds from issuances of commercial paper, net, partially offset by repayment of borrowings under our credit commitment and debt obligations of $804 million, $475 million of repurchases pursuant to the asr agreement, $468 million in other repurchases of common stock, $350 million of dividend payments to our shareholders and a $33 million payment for debt extinguishment costs.
see note 4, "acquisitions and divestiture," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our acquisitions and divestiture.
see note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our debt obligations.
see "asr agreement," "share repurchase program," and "cash dividends on common stock," of note 12, "nasdaq stockholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our asr agreement, share repurchase program and cash dividends paid on our common stock.
financial investments our financial investments totaled $181 million as of december 31, 2022 and $208 million as of december 31, 2021. of these securities, $161 million as of december 31, 2022 and $162 million december 31, 2021, are assets primarily utilized to meet regulatory capital requirements, mainly for our clearing operations at nasdaq clearing. see note 6, "investments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
regulatory capital requirements clearing operations regulatory capital requirements we are required to maintain minimum levels of regulatory capital for the clearing operations of nasdaq clearing. the level of regulatory capital required to be maintained is dependent upon many factors, including market conditions and creditworthiness of the counterparty. as of december 31, 2022, our required regulatory capital of $125 million was comprised of highly rated european government debt securities that are included in financial investments in the consolidated balance sheets.
broker-dealer net capital requirements our broker-dealer subsidiaries, nasdaq execution services, nfstx, llc, and nasdaq capital markets advisory, are subject to regulatory requirements intended to ensure their general financial soundness and liquidity. these requirements obligate these subsidiaries to comply with minimum net capital requirements. as of december 31, 2022, the combined required minimum net capital totaled $1 million and the combined excess capital totaled $18 million, substantially all of which is held in cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets. the required minimum net capital is included in restricted cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets.
nordic and baltic exchange regulatory capital requirements the entities that operate trading venues in the nordic and baltic countries are each subject to local regulations and are required to maintain regulatory capital intended to ensure their general financial soundness and liquidity. as of december 31, 2022, our required regulatory capital of $34 million was primarily invested in european mortgage bonds and icelandic government bonds that are included in financial investments in the consolidated balance sheets and cash, which is included in restricted cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets.
other capital requirements we operate several other businesses, which are subject to local regulation and are required to maintain certain levels of regulatory capital. as of december 31, 2022, other required regulatory capital of $10 million, primarily related to nasdaq central securities depository, was primarily invested in european government debt securities that are included in financial investments in the consolidated balance sheets and cash, which is included in restricted cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets.
equity and dividends stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend on august 26, 2022, we effected a 3-for-1 stock split of the company's common stock in the form of a stock dividend to shareholders of record as of august 12, 2022. the par value per share of our common stock remains $0.01 per share. all references made with respect to a number of shares or per share amounts throughout this annual report on form 10-k have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split.
share repurchase program see "share repurchase program," of note 12, "nasdaq stockholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share repurchase program.
asr agreement see "asr agreement," of note 12, "nasdaq stockholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our asr agreement.
cash dividends on common stock the following table presents our quarterly cash dividends paid per common share on our outstanding common stock:
2022                                             2021
first quarter          $0.18                 $0.16
second quarter          0.20                  0.18
third quarter           0.20                  0.18
fourth quarter          0.20                  0.18
total                  $0.78                 $0.70
see "cash dividends on common stock," of note 12, "nasdaq stockholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the dividends.
debt obligations the following table summarizes our debt obligations by contractual maturity:
maturity date                      december 31, 2022                   december 31, 2021
(in millions)
short-term debt:
commercial paper                           $664                                $420
2022 notes                       december 2022                              -                                 598
2024 notes                           june 2024                              -                                 499
total short-term debt                           $664                              $1,517
long-term debt - senior unsecured notes:
2022 credit facility                       december 2027                            (5)                                 (4)
2026 notes                           june 2026                            498                                 498
2029 notes                          march 2029                            637                                 676
2030 notes                       february 2030                            637                                 676
2031 notes                        january 2031                            644                                 643
2033 notes                           july 2033                            653                                 694
2040 notes                       december 2040                            644                                 644
2050 notes                          april 2050                            486                                 486
2052 notes                          march 2052                            541                                   -
total long-term debt                         $4,735                              $4,313
total debt obligations                         $5,399                              $5,830
in the table above, the 2024 notes were reclassified to short-term debt as of march 31, 2022, and were repaid in april 2022.
in december 2022, nasdaq amended and restated the 2020 credit facility with a new maturity date of december 16, 2027. in addition to the 2022 credit facility, we also have other credit facilities primarily to support our nasdaq clearing operations in europe, as well as to provide a cash pool credit line for one subsidiary. these credit facilities, which are available in multiple currencies, totaled $184 million as of december 31, 2022 and $212 million as of december 31, 2021 in available liquidity, none of which was utilized.
as of december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants of all of our debt obligations.
see note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our debt obligations.
contractual obligations and contingent commitments nasdaq has contractual obligations to make future payments under debt obligations by contract maturity, operating lease payments, and other obligations. the following table summarizes material cash requirements for known contractual and other obligations as of december 31, 2022, and the estimated timing thereof.
payments due by period
(in millions)                                           total        &lt;1 year         1-3 years         3-5 years         5+ years debt obligation by contractual maturity            $7,188            $765              $224              $685            $5,514
operating lease obligations                           665              77               142               110               336
purchase obligations                                  453              86               104                91               172
total                                              $8,306            $928              $470              $886            $6,022
in the table above:
•debt obligations by contractual maturity include both principal and interest obligations. as of december 31, 2022, an interest rate of 4.4% was used to compute the amount of the contractual obligations for interest on the 2022 credit facility. all other debt obligations were primarily calculated on a 365-day basis at the contractual fixed rate multiplied by the aggregate principal amount as of december 31, 2022. see note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
•operating lease obligations represent our undiscounted operating lease liabilities as of december 31, 2022, as well as legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. see note 16, "leases," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our leases.
•purchase obligations primarily represent minimum outstanding obligations due under software license agreements. the balance as of december 31, 2022 is primarily comprised of our multi-year aws partnership contract, which replaces our previous shorter term contracts, including those with no minimum spend commitment, and is not expected to increase our overall spend footprint with aws over the life of the contract, based on projected growth and expansion of our existing aws-based solutions.
off-balance sheet arrangements for discussion of off-balance sheet arrangements see:
•    note 15, "clearing operations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our non-cash default fund contributions and margin deposits received for clearing operations; and
•    note 18, "commitments, contingencies and guarantees," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of:
◦guarantees issued and credit facilities available;
◦other guarantees;
◦routing brokerage activities;
◦legal and regulatory matters; and
◦tax audits.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk as a result of our operating, investing and financing activities, we are exposed to market risks such as interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk. we are also exposed to credit risk as a result of our normal business activities.
we have implemented policies and procedures to measure, manage, monitor and report risk exposures, which are reviewed regularly by management and the board of directors. we identify risk exposures and monitor and manage such risks on a daily basis.
we perform sensitivity analyses to determine the effects of market risk exposures. we may use derivative instruments solely to hedge financial risks related to our financial positions or risks that are incurred during the normal course of business. we do not use derivative instruments for speculative purposes.
interest rate risk we are subject to the risk of fluctuating interest rates in the normal course of business. our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our financial investments and debt obligations, which are discussed below.
financial investments as of december 31, 2022, our investment portfolio was primarily comprised of highly rated european government debt securities, which pay a fixed rate of interest. these securities are subject to interest rate risk and the fair value of these securities will decrease if market interest rates increase. if market interest rates were to increase immediately and uniformly by a hypothetical 100 basis points from levels as of december 31, 2022, the fair value of this portfolio would decline by $3 million.
debt obligations as of december 31, 2022, the majority of our debt obligations were fixed-rate obligations. interest rates on certain tranches of notes are subject to adjustment to the extent our debt rating is downgraded below investment grade, as further discussed in note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements. while changes in interest rates will have no impact on the interest we pay on fixed-rate obligations, we are exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of the borrowings under our 2022 credit facility, as this facility has a variable interest rate. we are also exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of the amounts outstanding from the sale of commercial paper under our commercial paper program, which have variable interest rates. as of december 31, 2022, we had principal amounts outstanding of $664 million of commercial paper and no amounts outstanding under our 2022 credit facility. a hypothetical 100 basis points increase in interest rates on our outstanding commercial paper would increase our annual interest expense by approximately $7 million based on borrowings as of december 31, 2022.
we may utilize interest rate swap agreements to achieve a desired mix of variable and fixed rate debt.
foreign currency exchange rate risk we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk. our primary transactional exposure to foreign currency denominated revenues less transaction-based expenses and operating income for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented in the following tables:
euro               swedish krona                    other foreign currencies                     u.s. dollar                   total
(in millions, except currency rate)
year ended december 31, 2022
average foreign currency rate to the u.s. dollar                                                               1.054   0.099                                        #                                            n/a                           n/a percentage of revenues less transaction-based expenses                                                       6.2   %   5.1                       %      4.1                               %          84.6                    %     100.0                 %
percentage of operating income                                                                              10.1   %               (2.8)         %                  (10.6)                %          103.3                   %     100.0                 %
impact of a 10% adverse currency fluctuation on revenues less transaction-based expenses                   $(22)                   $(18)                            $(15)                                        $-                            $(55)
impact of a 10% adverse currency fluctuation on operating income                                           $(16)                   $(4)                             $(17)                                        $-                            $(37)
euro               swedish krona                    other foreign currencies                     u.s. dollar                   total
(in millions, except currency rate)
year ended december 31, 2021
average foreign currency rate to the u.s. dollar                                                               1.183   0.117                                        #                                            n/a                           n/a percentage of revenues less transaction-based expenses                                                       7.1   %   6.2                       %      4.9                               %          81.8                    %     100.0                 %
percentage of operating income                                                                              10.4   %               (4.6)         %                  (9.1)                 %          103.3                   %     100.0                 %
impact of a 10% adverse currency fluctuation on revenues less transaction-based expenses                   $(24)                   $(21)                            $(17)                                        $-                            $(62)
impact of a 10% adverse currency fluctuation on operating income                                           $(15)                   $(7)                             $(13)                                        $-                            $(35)
____________
#    represents multiple foreign currency rates.
n/a    not applicable.
our investments in foreign subsidiaries are exposed to volatility in currency exchange rates through translation of the foreign subsidiaries' net assets or equity to u.s. dollars. substantially all of our foreign subsidiaries operate in functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar. the financial statements of these subsidiaries are translated into u.s. dollars for consolidated reporting using a current rate of exchange, with net gains or losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss within stockholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets.
our primary exposure to net assets in foreign currencies as of december 31, 2022 is presented in the following table:
net assets                   impact of a 10% adverse currency fluctuation
(in millions)
swedish krona                       $2,941                                                $294
british pound                          155                                                  15
norwegian krone                        150                                                  15
canadian dollar                        107                                                  11
australian dollar                       99                                                  10
euro                                    53                                                   5
in the table above, swedish krona includes goodwill of $2,153 million and intangible assets, net of $495 million.
credit risk credit risk is the potential loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of customers or counterparties. we are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents. these parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. we limit our exposure to credit risk by evaluating the counterparties with which we make investments and execute agreements. for our investment portfolio, our objective is to invest in securities to preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk. credit risk associated with investments is minimized substantially by ensuring that these financial assets are placed with governments which have investment grade ratings, well-capitalized financial institutions and other creditworthy counterparties.
our subsidiary, nasdaq execution services, may be exposed to credit risk due to the default of trading counterparties in connection with the routing services it provides for our trading customers. system trades in cash equities routed to other market centers for members of our cash equity exchanges are routed by nasdaq execution services for clearing to the nscc. in this function, nasdaq execution services is to be neutral by the end of the trading day, but may be exposed to intraday risk if a trade extends beyond the trading day and into the next day, thereby leaving nasdaq execution services susceptible to counterparty risk in the period between accepting the trade and routing it to the clearinghouse. in this interim period, nasdaq execution services is not novating like a clearing broker but instead is subject to the short-term risk of counterparty failure before the clearinghouse enters the transaction. once the clearinghouse officially accepts the trade for novation, nasdaq execution services is legally removed from trade execution risk. however, nasdaq has membership obligations to nscc independent of nasdaq execution services' arrangements.
pursuant to the rules of the nscc and nasdaq execution services' clearing agreement, nasdaq execution services is liable for any losses incurred due to a counterparty or a clearing agent's failure to satisfy its contractual obligations, either by making payment or delivering securities. adverse movements in the prices of securities that are subject to these transactions can increase our credit risk. however, we believe that the risk of material loss is limited, as nasdaq execution services' customers are not permitted to trade on margin and nscc rules limit counterparty risk on self-cleared transactions by establishing credit limits and capital deposit requirements for all brokers that clear with nscc. historically, nasdaq execution services has never incurred a liability due to a customer's failure to satisfy its contractual obligations as counterparty to a system trade. credit difficulties or insolvency, or the perceived possibility of credit difficulties or insolvency, of one or more larger or visible market participants could also result in market-wide credit difficulties or other market disruptions.
we have credit risk related to transaction and subscription-based revenues that are billed to customers on a monthly or quarterly basis, in arrears. our potential exposure to credit losses on these transactions is represented by the receivable balances in our consolidated balance sheets. we review and evaluate changes in the status of our counterparties' creditworthiness. credit losses such as those described above could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
we also are exposed to credit risk through our clearing operations with nasdaq clearing. see note 15, "clearing operations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. our clearinghouse holds material amounts of clearing member cash deposits, which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market and liquidity risks. while we seek to achieve a reasonable rate of return, we are primarily concerned with preservation of capital and managing the risks associated with these deposits. as the clearinghouse may pass on interest revenues (minus costs) to the members, this could include negative or reduced yield due to market conditions. the following is a summary of the risks associated with these deposits and how these risks are mitigated.
•credit risk. when the clearinghouse has the ability to hold cash collateral at a central bank, the clearinghouse utilizes its access to the central bank system to minimize credit risk exposures. when funds are not held at a central bank, we seek to substantially mitigate credit risk by ensuring that investments are primarily placed in large, highly rated financial institutions, highly rated government debt instruments and other creditworthy counterparties.
•liquidity risk. liquidity risk is the risk a clearinghouse may not be able to meet its payment obligations in the right currency, in the right place and the right time. to mitigate this risk, the clearinghouse monitors liquidity requirements closely and maintains funds and assets in a manner which minimizes the risk of loss or delay in the access by the clearinghouse to such funds and assets. for example, holding funds with a central bank where possible or investing in highly liquid government debt instruments serves to reduce liquidity risks.
•interest rate risk. interest rate risk is the risk that interest rates rise causing the value of purchased securities to decline. if we were required to sell securities prior to maturity, and interest rates had risen, the sale of the securities might be made at a loss relative to the latest market price. our clearinghouse seeks to manage this risk by making short term investments of members' cash deposits. in addition, the clearinghouse investment guidelines allow for direct purchases or repurchase agreements with short dated maturities of high quality sovereign debt (for example, european government and u.s. treasury securities), central bank certificates and multilateral development bank debt instruments.
•security issuer risk. security issuer risk is the risk that an issuer of a security defaults on its payment when the security matures. this risk is mitigated by limiting allowable investments and collateral under reverse repurchase agreements to high quality sovereign, government agency or multilateral development bank debt instruments.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. the accounting policies described below are significantly affected by critical accounting estimates. such accounting policies require significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements, and actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported based on these policies.
revenue recognition market technology revenues as part of our market technology product offering, within our marketplace technology business, we enter into certain long-term contracts with customers to develop customized technology solutions, license the right to use software and provide support and other services to our customers which results in these contracts containing multiple performance obligations. we allocate the contract transaction price to each performance obligation using our best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. in instances where standalone selling price is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the standalone selling price predominantly through an expected cost plus a margin approach.
we generally recognize revenue over time as our customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by our performance because our customer controls the asset for which we are creating, our performance does not create an asset with alternative use, and we have a right to payment for performance completed to date. for these services, we recognize revenue over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligation. incurred costs represent work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby depicts, the transfer of control to the customer.
accounting for our long-term contracts requires judgment relative to assessing risks and their impact on the estimate of revenues and costs. our estimates are impacted by factors such as the potential for schedule and technical issues, productivity and the complexity of work performed. revenue and cost estimates for our long-term contracts are reviewed and reassessed at least quarterly. when adjustments in estimated total contract costs are required, any changes in the estimated revenues from prior estimates are recognized in the current period for the effect of such change. if estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed estimates of total revenues, a provision for the entire estimated loss on the contract is recorded in the period in which the loss is determined.
due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process, as discussed above, changes in assumptions and estimates may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods.
for further discussion related to recognition of these revenues, see "revenue from contracts with customers - revenue recognition - marketplace technology," of note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and related impairment testing assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with our acquisitions are recorded at their estimated fair values. goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the value assigned to the net assets, including identifiable intangible assets, of a business acquired. goodwill is allocated to our reporting units based on the assignment of the fair values of each reporting unit of the acquired company. we recognize specifically identifiable intangibles, such as customer relationships, technology, exchange and clearing registrations, trade names and licenses when a specific right or contract is acquired. goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives, primarily exchange and clearing registrations, are not amortized but instead are tested for impairment at least annually as of october 1 and more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than its carrying amount, such as changes in the business climate, poor indicators of operating performance or the sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit.
in september 2022, we announced a new organizational structure which aligns our businesses more closely with the foundational shifts that are driving the evolution of the global financial system. our four previous reportable segments, market services, corporate platforms, investment intelligence and market technology have been changed to align with our new corporate structure that includes three segments: market platforms, capital access platforms and anti-financial crime. under asc 350-20, "intangibles goodwill and other," when a company reorganizes its reporting structure, an impairment test must be performed both before and after the change, and goodwill must be reassigned to reporting units. accordingly, goodwill was reassigned based on relative fair value of each reporting unit.
we perform our goodwill impairment test at the reporting unit level. for 2022, we performed the goodwill impairment test under our previous organizational structure: market services segment, the two businesses comprising the corporate platforms segment: listing services and corporate solutions, the investment intelligence segment, and the market technology segment, which represented our five reporting units. we also performed the test under our current organization structure, which includes three reporting units: market platforms segment, capital access platforms segment and anti-financial crime segment.
when testing goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, we have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than their respective carrying amounts as the basis to determine if it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. if we choose not to complete a qualitative assessment, or if the initial assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of a reporting unit or the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds their respective estimated fair values, a quantitative test is required. our decision to perform a qualitative impairment assessment in a given year is influenced by a number of factors, including but not limited to, the size of the reporting unit's goodwill, the significance of the excess of the reporting unit's estimated fair value or the indefinite-lived intangible asset's fair value over their respective carrying amounts at the last quantitative assessment date, and the amount of time in between quantitative fair value assessments.
in performing a quantitative impairment test, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset with their respective carrying amounts. the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated using a combination of a discounted cash flow valuation, which incorporates assumptions regarding future growth rates, terminal values, and discount rates, as well as guideline public company valuations, which incorporates relevant trading multiples of comparable companies and other factors. the estimates and assumptions used consider historical performance and are consistent with the assumptions used in determining future profit plans for each reporting unit, which are approved by our board of directors. the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets is primarily determined on the basis of estimated discounted value, using the greenfield approach for exchange and clearing registrations and licenses, and the relief from royalty approach or excess earnings approach for trade names, both of which incorporate assumptions regarding future revenue projections and discount rates. if the carrying amounts of the reporting unit or the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceed their respective fair values, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to the difference, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit or the total carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset.
the following table presents the balances of goodwill for our reportable segments pre-segment realignment at the time of our 2022 annual impairment test:
october 1, 2022
(in millions)
market technology                    $2,122
investment intelligence               2,256
corporate platforms                     471
market services                       3,097
$7,946
the following table presents the balances of goodwill for our reportable segments post segment realignment at the time of our 2022 annual impairment test. the carrying value of goodwill was reassigned to our new reportable segments based on a relative fair value allocation approach.
october 1, 2022
(in millions)
market platforms                        $2,819
capital access platforms                 4,122
anti-financial crime                     1,005
$7,946
in 2022 and 2021, we elected to perform a quantitative impairment test for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. in conducting the quantitative assessment, we determined that the fair value of our goodwill for each of our reporting units and the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets sufficiently exceed their respective carrying amounts. as a result, there were no goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment charges recorded in any of those years.
although we believe our estimates of fair value are reasonable, the determination of certain valuation inputs is subject to management's judgment. changes in these inputs could materially affect the results of our impairment review. if our forecasts of cash flows or other key inputs are negatively revised in the future, the estimated fair value of each reporting unit and of our indefinite-lived intangible assets would be adversely impacted, potentially leading to an impairment in the future that could materially affect our operating results.
subsequent to our annual impairment test, no indications of impairment were identified.
other long-lived assets and related impairment we review our other long-lived assets, such as finite-lived intangible assets, property and equipment, and operating lease assets for potential impairment when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. the carrying amount of an asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. fair value of finite-lived intangible assets and property and equipment is based on various valuation techniques. any required impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value and is recorded as a reduction in the carrying amount of the related asset and a charge to operating results.
there were no material finite-lived intangible assets impairment charges in 2022 and 2020. we recorded an impairment charge of $14 million in 2021 related to a finite-lived intangible asset for customer relationships associated with the wind down of a previous acquisition included in depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of income.
we recorded pre-tax, non-cash property and equipment asset impairment charges of $8 million in 2022, $4 million in 2021 and $14 million in 2020. the asset impairment charges in 2022 and 2020 primarily related to capitalized software that was retired and are included in restructuring charges in the consolidated statements of income. see note 20, "restructuring charges," to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these plans.
no material impairments were recorded to reduce the carrying value of our other long-lived assets during 2022, 2021 or 2020.
income taxes estimates and judgments are required in the calculation of certain tax liabilities and in the determination of the recoverability of certain deferred tax assets, which arise from net operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards and temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenues and expenses. our deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. management is required to determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. once it is determined that a position meets the recognition thresholds, the position is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements.
in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence including past operating results, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent fiscal years, estimates of future taxable income and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. in the event that we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
in addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of tax regulations in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions. we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in such jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest may be due. while we believe that our tax liabilities reflect the probable outcome of identified tax uncertainties, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate resolution of any tax matter may be greater or less than the amount accrued. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. if our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would result.
recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted we have considered all recent accounting pronouncements and have concluded that no accounting pronouncements that have not yet been adopted would have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.
