item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the market price of our common stock.
operational risks we may not be able to complete the sale of a minority interest in nipsco on the expected timeline or at all.
on november 7, 2022, we announced our intention to sell a minority interest in nipsco (the "nipsco minority interest sale"). we intend to evaluate various alternatives to determine the optimal transaction structure to maximize stakeholder value as a result of the nipsco minority interest sale. a successful sale will be dependent on factors such as regulatory approval(s) and negotiations with one or more counterparties. there can be no assurances that we will be able to successfully complete the nipsco minority interest sale on the anticipated timeline or at all. furthermore, there can be no assurances that the nipsco minority interest sale will lead to the anticipated benefits to stockholders.
we may not be able to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including the nipsco minority interest sale and utility infrastructure investments.
business or regulatory conditions may result in our inability to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including the nipsco minority interest sale and identified, planned and other utility infrastructure investments, which includes investments related to natural gas pipeline modernization and our renewable energy projects, and the build-transfer execution goals within our business plan.
our enterprise transformation roadmap initiatives are designed to identify long-term sustainable capability enhancements, cost optimization improvements, technology investments and work process optimization, has increased the volume and pace of change and may not be effective as it continues. our customer and regulatory initiatives may not achieve planned results. utility infrastructure investments may not materialize, may cease to be achievable or economically viable and may not be successfully completed. natural gas may cease to be viewed as an economically and environmentally attractive fuel. certain environmental activist groups, investors and governmental entities continue to oppose natural gas delivery and infrastructure investments because of perceived environmental impacts associated with the natural gas supply chain and end use. energy conservation, energy efficiency, distributed generation, energy storage, policies favoring electric heat over gas heat and other factors may reduce demand for natural gas and electricity. in addition, we consider acquisitions or dispositions of assets or businesses, jvs, including in connection with the nipsco minority interest sale, and mergers from time to time as we execute on our business plan and growth strategy. any of these circumstances could adversely affect our results of operations and growth prospects. even if our business plan and growth strategy are executed, there is still risk of, among other things, human error in maintenance, installation or operations, shortages or delays in obtaining equipment, including as a result of transportation delays and availability, labor availability and performance below expected levels (in addition to the other risks discussed in this section). we are currently experiencing, and expect to continue to experience, supply chain challenges, including labor availability issues, impacting our ability to obtain materials for our gas and electric projects. risks to our capital projects, including risks related to supply chain challenges and labor availability, are described in a separate risk factor below.
our gas distribution and transmission activities, as well as generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, including potential public safety risks.
our gas distribution and transmission activities, as well as generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, including, but not limited to, gas leaks and over-pressurization, downed power lines, stray electrical voltage, excavation or vehicular damage to our infrastructure, outages, environmental spills, mechanical problems and other incidents, which could cause substantial financial losses, as demonstrated in part by the greater lawrence incident. we also have distribution propane assets that involve similar risks. in addition, these hazards and risks have resulted and may result in the future in serious injury or loss of life to employees and/or the general public, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations, adverse regulatory rulings and reputational harm, which in turn could lead to substantial losses for nisource and its stockholders. the location of pipeline facilities, including regulator stations, liquefied natural gas and underground storage, or generation, transmission, substation and distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from such incidents. as with the greater lawrence incident, certain incidents have subjected and may in the future subject us to both civil and criminal litigation or administrative or other legal proceedings from time to time, which could result in substantial monetary judgments, fines, or penalties against us, be resolved on unfavorable terms, and require us to incur significant operational expenses. the occurrence of incidents has in certain instances adversely affected and could in the item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
future adversely affect our reputation, cash flows, financial position and/or results of operations. we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses.
we may conduct certain operations, including in connection with the nipsco minority interest sale, through a jv arrangement involving third-party investors that may result in delays, litigation or operational impasses.
we may enter into jv arrangements involving third-party investors, including in connection with the nipsco minority interest sale. as part of a jv arrangement, third-party investors may hold certain protective rights that may impact our ability to make certain decisions. any such third-party investors may have interests and objectives which may differ from ours and, accordingly, disputes may arise that may result in delays, litigation or operational impasses.
failure to adapt to advances in technology and manage the related costs could make us less competitive and negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
a key element of our electric business model includes generating power at central station power plants to achieve economies of scale and produce power at a competitive cost. we continue to transition our generation portfolio in order to implement new and diverse technologies including renewable energy, distributed generation, energy storage, and energy efficiency designed to reduce regulated emissions. advances in technology and potential competition supported by changes in laws or regulations could reduce the cost of electric generation and provide retail alternatives causing power sales to decline and the value of our generating facilities to decline.
our natural gas business model depends on widespread utilization of natural gas for space heating as a core driver of revenues. alternative energy sources, new technologies or alternatives to natural gas space heating, including cold climate heat pumps and/or efficiency of other products, could reduce demand and increase customer attrition, which could impact our ability to recover on our investments in our gas distribution assets.
our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes, to offer services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards, including environmental impacts associated with our products and services, and to recover all, or a significant portion of, remaining investments in retired assets. a failure by us to effectively adapt to changes in technology and manage the related costs could harm the ability of our products and services to remain competitive in the marketplace and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
aging infrastructure may lead to disruptions in operations and increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs, all of which could negatively impact our financial results.
we have risks associated with aging electric and gas infrastructure. these risks can be driven by threats such as, but not limited to, electrical faults, mechanical failure, internal corrosion, external corrosion, ground movement and stress corrosion and/or cracking. the age of these assets may result in a need for replacement, a higher level of maintenance costs or unscheduled outages, despite efforts by us to properly maintain or upgrade these assets through inspection, scheduled maintenance and capital investment. in addition, the nature of the information available on aging infrastructure assets, which in some cases is incomplete, may make the operation of the infrastructure, inspections, maintenance, upgrading and replacement of the assets particularly challenging. missing or incorrect infrastructure data may lead to (1) difficulty properly locating facilities, which can result in excavator damage and operational or emergency response issues, and (2) configuration and control risks associated with the modification of system operating pressures in connection with turning off or turning on service to customers, which can result in unintended outages or operating pressures. also, additional maintenance and inspections are required in some instances to improve infrastructure information and records and address emerging regulatory or risk management requirements, resulting in increased costs.
supply chain issues related to shortages of materials and transportation logistics may lead to delays in the maintenance and replacement of aging infrastructure, which could increase the probability and/or impact of a public safety incident. we lack diversity in suppliers of some gas materials. while we have implemented contractual protections with suppliers and stockpile some materials in inventory for such supply risks, we may not be effective in ensuring that we can obtain adequate emergency supply on a timely basis in each state, that no compromises are being made on quality and that we have alternate suppliers available. the failure to operate our assets as desired could result in interruption of electric service, major component failure at generating facilities and electric substations, gas leaks and other incidents, and an inability to meet firm service and compliance item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
obligations, which could adversely impact revenues, and could also result in increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs, which, if not fully recovered from customers, could negatively impact our financial results.
we may be unable to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or at all, and the insurance coverage we do obtain may not provide protection against all significant losses.
our ability to obtain insurance, as well as the cost and coverage of such insurance, are affected by developments affecting our business; international, national, state, or local events; and the financial condition and underwriting considerations of insurers. for example, some insurers are moving away from underwriting certain carbon-intensive energy-related businesses such as those in the coal industry or those exposed to specific perils such as wildfires as well as gas explosion events or other infrastructure-related or natural catastrophe risks. the utility insurance market continues to be impacted by a prevalence of severe losses, and despite significant annual increases in rates over the past few years, markets are experiencing unacceptable loss ratios. certain perils, such as cyber, are now being excluded from some master policies for property and casualty insurance, requiring procurement of additional policies to be obtained to maintain consistent coverage at an additional cost. capacity limits insurers are willing to issue have decreased, requiring participation from more insurers to provide adequate coverage. insurance coverage may not continue to be available at limits, rates or terms acceptable to us. in addition, our insurance is not sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we are subject. certain types of damages, expenses or claimed costs, such as fines and penalties, have been and in the future may be excluded under the policies. in addition, insurers providing insurance to us may raise defenses to coverage under the terms and conditions of the respective insurance policies that could result in a denial of coverage or limit the amount of insurance proceeds available to us. any losses for which we are not fully insured or that are not covered by insurance at all could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
aspects of the implementation of our electric generation strategy, including the retirement of our coal generation units, may be delayed and may not achieve intended results.
as discussed in "results and discussion of segment operations - electric operations," in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, our 2018 integrated resource plan ("2018 plan") outlines the path to retire the remaining two coal units at r.m. schahfer by the end of 2025 and the remaining coal-fired generation by the end of 2028, to be replaced by lower-cost, reliable and cleaner options. our 2021 integrated resource plan ("2021 plan") validated the activities underway pursuant to our 2018 plan and calls for the retirement of the michigan city generating station, replacement of existing vintage gas peaking units at the r.m. schahfer generating station and upgrades to the transmission system to enhance our electric generation transition. recent developments, including macro supply chain issues and u.s. federal policy actions, have created significant uncertainty around the availability of key input material necessary to develop and place our renewable energy projects in service. in the u.s., solar industry supply chain issues include the pending u.s. department of commerce investigation on antidumping and countervailing duties anti circumvention petition filed by a domestic solar manufacturer (the "doc investigation"), the uyghur forced labor protection act, section 201 tariffs and persistent general global supply chain and labor availability issues. the most prominent effect of these issues is the significant curtailment of imported solar panels and other key components required to complete utility scale solar projects in the u.s. any available solar panels may not meet the cost and efficiency standards of our currently approved projects and the incremental cost may not be recoverable through customer rates. as a result of the challenges in obtaining solar panels, many solar projects in the u.s. have been delayed or canceled. as we are in the midst of a transition to an electric generation portfolio with more renewable resources, including solar, our projects are subject to the effects of these issues.
our expectation has been that solar energy sources would be one of the primary ways in which we will meet our electric generation capacity and reliability obligations to the miso market and reliably serve our customers when we retire our coal generation capacity. the high level of uncertainty surrounding the completion of our solar renewable energy projects creates significant risks for us to reliably meet our capacity and energy obligations to miso and to provide reliable and affordable energy to our customers. any additional delays to the completion dates of our ten planned and approved solar projects are expected to impact our capacity position and our ability to meet our resource adequacy obligations to miso. delays to the completion dates of our projects could also include delays in the financial return of certain investments and impact the overall timing of our electric generation transition.
as noted above, we expect our electric generation strategy to require additional investment to meet our miso obligations and may require significant future capital expenditures, operating costs and charges to earnings that may negatively impact our financial position, financial results and cash flows. an inability to secure and deliver on renewable projects is negatively item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
impacting our generation transition timeline and may negatively impact our achievement of decarbonization goals and reputation.
our capital projects and programs subject us to construction risks and natural gas costs and supply risks, and are subject to regulatory oversight, including requirements for permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies.
our business requires substantial capital expenditures for investments in, among other things, capital improvements to our electric generating facilities, electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure, natural gas storage and other projects, including projects for environmental compliance. as we undertake these projects and programs, we may be unable to complete them on schedule or at the anticipated costs due in part to shortages in materials as described more fully below. additionally, we may construct or purchase some of these projects and programs to capture anticipated future growth, which may not materialize, and may cause the construction to occur over an extended period of time.
our existing and planned capital projects require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from federal, state, and local governmental agencies. if there is a delay in obtaining any required regulatory approvals or if we fail to obtain or maintain any required approvals or to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, we may not be able to construct or operate our facilities, we may be forced to incur additional costs or we may be unable to recover any or all amounts invested in a project. we also may not receive the anticipated increases in revenue and cash flows resulting from such projects and programs until after their completion. other construction risks include changes in the availability and costs of materials, equipment, commodities or labor (including changes to tariffs on materials), delays caused by construction incidents or injuries, work stoppages, shortages in qualified labor, poor initial cost estimates, unforeseen engineering issues, the ability to obtain necessary rights-of-way, easements and transmissions connections and general contractors and subcontractors not performing as required under their contracts.
we are monitoring risks related to increasing order and delivery lead times for construction and other materials, increasing risk associated with the unavailability of materials due to global shortages in raw materials and issues with transportation logistics, and risk of decreased construction labor productivity in the event of disruptions in the availability of materials critical to our gas and electric operations. our efforts to enhance our resiliency to supply chain shortages may not be effective. we are also seeing increasing prices associated with certain materials, equipment and products, which impacts our ability to complete major capital projects at the cost that was planned and approved. to the extent that delays occur or costs increase, customer affordability as well as our business operations, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. in addition, to the extent that delays occur on projects that target system integrity, the risk of an operational incident could increase. for more information on global availability of materials for our renewable projects, see " - results and discussion of segment operations - electric operations - electric supply and generation transition." to the extent that delays occur, costs become unrecoverable or recovery is delayed, or we otherwise become unable to effectively manage and complete our capital projects, our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
a significant portion of the gas and electricity we sell is used by residential and commercial customers for heating and air conditioning. accordingly, fluctuations in weather, gas and electricity commodity costs, inflation and economic conditions impact demand of our customers and our operating results.
energy sales are sensitive to variations in weather. forecasts of energy sales are based on "normal" weather, which represents a long-term historical average. significant variations from normal weather resulting from climate change or other factors could have, and have had, a material impact on energy sales. additionally, residential usage, and to some degree commercial usage, is sensitive to fluctuations in commodity costs for gas and electricity, whereby usage declines with increased costs, thus affecting our financial results. commodity prices have been and may continue to be volatile. rising gas costs could heighten regulator and stakeholder sensitivity relative to the impact of base rate increases on customer affordability. lastly, residential and commercial customers' usage is sensitive to economic conditions and factors such as recession, inflation, unemployment, consumption and consumer confidence. therefore, prevailing economic conditions affecting the demand of our customers may in turn affect our financial results.
fluctuations in the price of energy commodities or their related transportation costs or an inability to obtain an adequate, reliable and cost-effective fuel supply to meet customer demands may have a negative impact on our financial results.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
our current electric generating fleet is dependent on coal and natural gas for fuel, and our gas distribution operations purchase and resell a portion of the natural gas we deliver to our customers. these energy commodities are subject to price fluctuations and fluctuations in associated transportation costs. we use physical hedging through the use of storage assets and use financial products in certain jurisdictions in order to offset fluctuations in commodity supply prices. we rely on regulatory recovery mechanisms in the various jurisdictions in order to fully recover the commodity costs incurred in selling energy to our customers. however, while we have historically been successful in the recovery of costs related to such commodity prices, there can be no assurance that such costs will be fully recovered through rates in a timely manner.
in addition, we depend on electric transmission lines, natural gas pipelines, and other transportation facilities owned and operated by third parties to deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell to wholesale markets, supply natural gas to our gas storage and electric generation facilities, and provide retail energy services to our customers. if transportation is disrupted, if capacity is inadequate or if supply is interrupted due to issues at the wellhead, we may be unable to sell and deliver our gas and electric services to some or all of our customers. as a result, we may be required to procure additional or alternative electricity and/or natural gas supplies at then-current market rates, which, if recovery of related costs is disallowed, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, and maintain good labor relations, could harm our results of operations.
we operate in an industry that requires many of our employees and contractors to possess unique technical skill sets. an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, the mismatch of skill sets to future needs, the unavailability of talent for internal positions and the unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges or increased costs. these operating challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. for example, certain skills, such as those related to construction, maintenance and repair of transmission and distribution systems, are in high demand and have a limited supply. current and prospective employees may determine that they do not wish to work for us due to market, economic, employment and other conditions, including those related to organizational changes as described in the risk factor below.
we face increased competition for talent in the current environment of sustained labor shortage and increased turnover rates. incidents of any pandemic in our workforce could increase the risk of worker illness and availability. these or other employee workforce factors could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
a significant portion of our workforce is subject to collective bargaining agreements. our collective bargaining agreements are generally negotiated on an operating company basis with some companies having multiple bargaining agreements, which may span different geographies. any failure to reach an agreement on new labor contracts or to renegotiate these labor contracts might result in strikes, boycotts or other labor disruptions. our workforce continuity plans may not be effective in avoiding work stoppages that may result from labor negotiations or mass resignations. labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases, whether due to union activities, employee turnover or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows.
our strategic plan includes enhanced technology and transmission and distribution investments and a reduction in reliance on coal-fired generation. as part of our strategic plan, we will need to attract and retain personnel that are qualified to implement our strategy and may need to retrain or re-skill certain employees to support our long-term objectives.
failure to hire and retain qualified employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, may adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. if we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce and maintain satisfactory collective bargaining agreements, safety, service reliability, customer satisfaction and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
if we cannot effectively manage new initiatives and organizational changes, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the business and regulatory environment.
in order to execute on our sustainable growth strategy and enhance our culture of ongoing continuous improvement, we must effectively manage the complexity and frequency of new initiatives and organizational changes. the organizational changes from our transformation initiatives have put short-term pressure on employees due to the volume and pace of change and, in some cases, loss of personnel. front-line workers are being impacted by the variety of process and technology changes that are currently in progress.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
if we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, and successfully implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed to execute our strategy in this increasingly dynamic and competitive business and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations and relationships with our business partners, regulators, customers, employees and stockholders may be negatively impacted.
actions of activist stockholders could negatively affect our business and stock price and cause us to incur significant expenses.
we may be subject to actions or proposals from activist stockholders or others that may not be aligned with our long-term strategy or the interests of our other stockholders. we have had communications with an activist stockholder. our response to suggested actions, proposals, director nominations and contests for the election of directors by activist stockholders could disrupt our business and operations, divert the attention of our board of directors, management and employees and be costly and time‐consuming. potential actions by activist stockholders or others may interfere with our ability to execute our strategic plans; create perceived uncertainties as to the future direction of our business or strategy; cause uncertainty with our regulators; make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel; and adversely affect our relationships with our existing and potential business partners. any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. also, we may be required to incur significant fees and other expenses related to responding to stockholder activism, including for third-party advisors. moreover, our stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any stockholder activism.
we outsource certain business functions to third-party suppliers and service providers, and substandard performance by those third parties could harm our business, reputation and results of operations.
utilities rely on extensive networks of business partners and suppliers to support critical enterprise capabilities across their organizations. like other companies in the utilities industry, we are seeing slowing deliveries from suppliers and in some cases materials and labor shortages for capital projects. we outsource certain services to third parties in areas including construction services, information technology, materials, fleet, environmental, operational services, corporate and other areas. in addition to delays and unavailability at times, outsourcing of services to third parties could expose us to inferior service quality or substandard deliverables, which may result in non-compliance (including with applicable legal requirements and industry standards), interruption of service or accidents or reputational harm, which could negatively impact our results of operations. we do not have full visibility into our supply chain, which may impact our ability to serve customers in a safe, reliable and cost-effective manner. these risks include the risk of operational failure, reputation damage, disruption due to new supply chain disruptions, exposure to significant commercial losses and fines and poorly positioned and distressed suppliers. if we continue to see delayed deliveries and shortages or if any other difficulties in the operations of these third-party suppliers and service providers, including their systems, were to occur, they could adversely affect our results of operations, or adversely affect our ability to work with regulators, unions, customers or employees.
a cyber-attack on any of our or certain third-party technology systems upon which we rely may adversely affect our ability to operate and could lead to a loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information or potential liability.
we are reliant on technology to run our business, which is dependent upon financial and operational technology systems to process critical information necessary to conduct various elements of our business, including the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity; operation of our gas pipeline facilities; and the recording and reporting of commercial and financial transactions to regulators, investors and other stakeholders. in addition to general information and cyber risks that all large corporations face (e.g., ransomware, malware, unauthorized access attempts, phishing attacks, malicious intent by insiders, third-party software vulnerabilities and inadvertent disclosure of sensitive information), the utility industry faces evolving and increasingly complex cybersecurity risks associated with protecting sensitive and confidential customer and employee information, electric grid infrastructure, and natural gas infrastructure. deployment of new business technologies, along with maintaining legacy technology, represents a large-scale opportunity for attacks on our information systems and confidential customer and employee information, as well as on the integrity of the energy grid and the natural gas infrastructure. additionally, the conflict between russia and ukraine, as well as increased surveillance activity from china, has increased the likelihood of a cyber-attack on critical infrastructure systems.
increasing large-scale corporate attacks in conjunction with more sophisticated threats continue to challenge power and utility companies. any failure of our technology systems, or those of our customers, suppliers or others with whom we do business, item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
could materially disrupt our ability to operate our business and could result in a financial loss and possibly do harm to our reputation.
additionally, our information systems experience ongoing, often sophisticated, cyber-attacks by a variety of sources, including foreign sources, with the apparent aim to breach our cyber-defenses. while we have implemented and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to protect our information technology, operational technology, and data systems from such attacks, our cybersecurity program does not prevent all breaches or cyberattack incidents. we have experienced an increase in the number of attempts by external parties to access our networks or our company data without authorization. we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, cyber intrusions and attacks to our information systems and our operational technology. to our knowledge, none of these intrusions or attacks have resulted in a material cybersecurity intrusion or data breach. the risk of a disruption or breach of our operational technology, or the compromise of the data processed in connection with our operations, through cybersecurity breach or ransomware attack has increased as attempted attacks have advanced in sophistication and number around the world. technological complexities combined with advanced cyber-attack techniques, lack of cyber hygiene and human error can result in a cybersecurity incident, such as a ransomware attack. supplier non-compliance with cyber controls can also result in a cybersecurity incident. attacks can occur at any point in the supply chain or with any suppliers. in addition, unmanned aircraft systems (uas) or drones are used for various commercial and recreational purposes across the country. the cybersecurity & infrastructure security agency (cisa) released alerts pertaining to uass being used for malicious activities and the cybersecurity risk is continuing to increase.
in addition, we collect and retain personally identifiable information of our customers, stockholders and employees. customers, stockholders and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding.
although we attempt to maintain adequate defenses to these attacks and work through industry groups and trade associations to identify common threats and assess our countermeasures, a security breach of our information systems and/or operational technology, or a security breach of the information systems of our customers, suppliers or others with whom we do business, could (i) adversely impact our ability to safely and reliably deliver electricity and natural gas to our customers through our generation, transmission and distribution systems and potentially negatively impact our compliance with certain mandatory reliability and gas flow standards, (ii) subject us to reputational and other harm or liabilities associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information such as system operating information or information, personal or otherwise, relating to our customers or employees, (iii) impact our ability to manage our businesses, and/or (iv) subject us to legal and regulatory proceedings and claims from third parties, in addition to remediation costs, any of which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. although we do maintain cyber insurance, it is possible that such insurance will not adequately cover any losses or liabilities we may incur as a result of a cybersecurity incident.
compliance with and changes in cybersecurity requirements have a cost and operational impact on our business, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations could adversely impact our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
as cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated, u.s. government warnings have indicated that critical infrastructure assets, including pipelines and electric infrastructure, may be specifically targeted by certain groups. in 2021, the transportation security administration ("tsa") announced two new security directives in response to a ransomware attack on the colonial pipeline that occurred earlier in the year. these directives require critical pipeline owners to comply with mandatory reporting measures, designate a cybersecurity coordinator, provide vulnerability assessments, and ensure compliance with certain cybersecurity requirements. such directives or other requirements may require expenditure of significant additional resources to respond to cyberattacks, to continue to modify or enhance protective measures, or to assess, investigate and remediate any critical infrastructure security vulnerabilities. additionally, on november 30, 2022, the tsa issued an advance notice of proposed rulemaking (anprm) seeking public comment on more comprehensive, formal cybersecurity regulations for the pipeline industry. any failure to comply with such government regulations or failure in our cybersecurity protective measures may result in enforcement actions that may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, there is no certainty that costs incurred related to securing against threats will be recovered through rates.
the impacts of natural disasters, acts of terrorism, acts of war, civil unrest, cyber-attacks, accidents, public health emergencies or other catastrophic events may disrupt operations and reduce the ability to service customers.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
a disruption or failure of natural gas distribution systems, or within electric generation, transmission or distribution systems, in the event of a major hurricane, tornado, or other major weather event, or terrorist attack, acts of war, including the political and economic disruption and uncertainty related to russia's military invasion of ukraine, civil unrest, cyber-attack (as further detailed above), accident, public health emergency, pandemic, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. we have experienced disruptions in the past from hurricanes and tornadoes and other events of this nature. also, companies in our industry face a heightened risk of exposure to and have experienced acts of terrorism and vandalism. our electric and gas physical infrastructure may be targets of physical security threats or terrorist activities that could disrupt our operations. we have increased security given the current environment and may be required by regulators or by the future threat environment to make investments in security that we cannot currently predict. in addition, the supply chain constraints that we are experiencing could impact timely restoration of services. the occurrence of such events could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. in accordance with customary industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses.
we are exposed to significant reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to a loss of cost recovery, increased litigation and negative public perception.
as a utility company, we are subject to adverse publicity focused on the reliability of our services, the speed with which we are able to respond effectively to electric outages, natural gas leaks or events and related accidents and similar interruptions caused by storm damage, physical or cyber security incidents, or other unanticipated events, as well as our own or third parties' actions or failure to act. we are subject to prevailing labor markets and potential high attrition, which may impact the speed of our customer service response. we are also facing supply chain challenges, the impacts of which may adversely impact our reputation in several areas as described elsewhere in these risk factors. we are also subject to adverse publicity related to actual or perceived environmental impacts. if customers, legislators or regulators have or develop a negative opinion of us, this could result in less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes or increased regulatory oversight, increased litigation and negative public perception. the adverse publicity and investigations we experienced as a result of the greater lawrence incident may have an ongoing negative impact on the public's perception of us. it is difficult to predict the ultimate impact of this adverse publicity. the foregoing may have continuing adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
the physical impacts of climate change and the transition to a lower carbon future are impacting our business and could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
climate change is exacerbating risks to our physical infrastructure by increasing the frequency of extreme weather, including heat stresses to power lines, cold temperature stress to our electric and gas systems, and storms and floods that damage infrastructure. in addition, climate change is likely to cause lake and river level changes that affect the manner in which services are currently provided and droughts or other limits on water used to supply services, and other extreme weather conditions. we have adapted and will continue to evolve our infrastructure and operations to meet current and future needs of our stakeholders. with higher frequency of these and other possible extreme weather events it may become more costly for us to safely and reliably deliver certain products and services to our customers. some of these costs may not be recovered. to the extent that we are unable to recover those costs, or if higher rates arising from recovery of such costs result in reduced demand for services, our future financial results may be adversely impacted. further, as the intensity and frequency of significant weather events increases, insurers may reprice or remove themselves from insuring risks for which the company has historically maintained insurance, resulting in increased cost or risk to us.
our strategy may be impacted by policy and legal, technology, market and reputational risks and opportunities that are associated with the transition to a lower-carbon economy, as disclosed in other risk factors in this section. as a result of increased awareness regarding climate change, coupled with adverse economic conditions, availability of alternative energy sources, including private solar, microturbines, fuel cells, energy-efficient buildings and energy storage devices, and new regulations restricting emissions, including potential regulations of methane emissions, some consumers and companies may use less energy, meet their own energy needs through alternative energy sources or avoid expansions of their facilities, including natural gas facilities, which may result in less demand for our services. as these technologies become a more cost-competitive option over time, whether through cost effectiveness or government incentives and subsidies, certain customers may choose to meet their own energy needs and subsequently decrease usage of our systems and services, which may result in, among other things, our generating facilities becoming less competitive and economical. further, evolving investor sentiment related to the use of fossil fuels and initiatives to restrict continued production of fossil fuels could result in a significant impact on our electric generation and natural gas businesses in the future.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
some of our baseload generation is dependent on natural gas and coal, and we pass through the costs for these energy sources to our customers. in addition, in our gas distribution business, we procure natural gas on behalf of certain customers, and we pass through the actual cost of the gas consumed. diminished investor interest in funding fossil fuel development could reduce the amount of exploration and production of natural gas or coal, or investment in gas transmission pipelines. reduced production and transportation of natural gas could, in the long-term, lead to supply shortages leading to baseload generation outages. given that we pass through commodity costs to customers, this could also create the potential for regulatory questions resulting from increased customer costs. we are unable to forecast the future of commodity markets, but reduced fossil fuel investment, due to evolving investor sentiment, could lead to higher commodity prices and shortages impacting our generation and our reputation with regulators. conversely, demand for our services may increase as a result of customer changes in response to climate change. for example, as the utilization of electric vehicles increases, demand for electricity may increase, resulting in increased usage of our systems and services.
any negative views with respect to our environmental practices or our ability to meet the challenges posed by climate change from regulators, customers, investors or legislators could harm our reputation and adversely affect the perceived value of our products and services. changes in policy to combat climate change, and technology advancement, each of which can also accelerate the implications of a transition to a lower carbon economy, may materially adversely impact our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. for example, in february 2023, the maryland office of people's counsel filed a petition with the maryland public service commission seeking an investigation regarding planning, practices, and future operations of natural gas suppliers in the state.
we are subject to operational and financial risks and liabilities associated with the implementation and efforts to achieve our carbon emission reduction goals.
on november 7, 2022, we announced our goal of reaching net zero scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 2040 (the "net zero goal"). achieving the net zero goal will require supportive regulatory and legislative policies, favorable stakeholder environments and advancement of technologies that are not currently economical to deploy, the impacts and costs of which are not fully understood at this time. nipsco's electric generation transition is a key element of the net zero goal. our analysis and plan for execution, which is outlined in the nipsco 2021 integrated resource plan, requires us to make a number of assumptions. these goals and underlying assumptions involve risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees. should one or more of our underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results and ability to achieve our emissions goal could differ materially from our expectations. certain of the assumptions that could impact our ability to meet our emissions goal include, but are not limited to: the accuracy of current emission measurements, service territory size and capacity needs remaining in line with expectations; regulatory approval; impacts of future environmental regulations or legislation; impact of future ghg pricing regulations or legislation, including a future carbon tax or methane fee; price, availability and regulation of carbon offsets; price of fuel, such as natural gas; cost of energy generation technologies, such as wind and solar, natural gas and storage solutions; adoption of alternative energy by the public, including adoption of electric vehicles; rate of technology innovation with regards to alternative energy resources; our ability to implement our modernization plans for our pipelines and facilities; the ability to complete and implement generation alternatives to nipsco's coal generation and retirement dates of nipsco's coal facilities by 2028; the ability to construct and/or permit new natural gas pipelines; the ability to procure resources needed to build at a reasonable cost, the lack of scarcity of resources and labor, project cancellations, construction delays or overruns and the ability to appropriately estimate costs of new generation; impact of any supply chain disruptions; and advancement of energy efficiencies. any negative opinions with respect to these goals or our environmental practices, including any inability to achieve, or a scaling back of these goals, formed by regulators, customers, investors or legislators could harm our reputation and have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
financial, economic and market risks we have substantial indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial condition.
our business is capital intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations. we had total consolidated indebtedness of $11,315.5 million outstanding as of december 31, 2022. our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. for example, it could:
•limit our ability to borrow additional funds or increase the cost of borrowing additional funds;
•reduce the availability of cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes;
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
•limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industries in which we operate;
•lead parties with whom we do business to require additional credit support, such as letters of credit, in order for us to transact such business;
•place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that are less leveraged;
•increase vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and
•limit our ability to execute on our growth strategy, which is dependent upon access to capital to fund our substantial infrastructure investment program.
some of our debt obligations contain financial covenants related to debt-to-capital ratios and cross-default provisions. our failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of outstanding debt obligations.
a drop in our credit ratings could adversely impact our cash flows, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity.
the availability and cost of credit for our businesses may be greatly affected by credit ratings. the credit rating agencies periodically review our ratings, taking into account factors such as our capital structure, earnings profile, and overall shifts in the economy or business environment. we are committed to maintaining investment grade credit ratings; however, there is no assurance we will be able to do so in the future. our credit ratings could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, the circumstances warrant. any negative rating action could adversely affect our ability to access capital at rates and on terms that are attractive. a negative rating action could also adversely impact our business relationships with suppliers and operating partners, who may be less willing to extend credit or offer us similarly favorable terms as secured in the past under such circumstances.
certain of our subsidiaries have agreements that contain "ratings triggers" that require increased collateral in the form of cash, a letter of credit or other forms of security for new and existing transactions if our credit ratings (including the standalone credit ratings of certain of our subsidiaries) are dropped below investment grade. these agreements are primarily for insurance purposes and for the physical purchase or sale of gas or power. as of december 31, 2022, the collateral requirement that would be required in the event of a downgrade below the ratings trigger levels would amount to approximately $85.7 million. in addition to agreements with ratings triggers, there are other agreements that contain "adequate assurance" or "material adverse change" provisions that could necessitate additional credit support such as letters of credit and cash collateral to transact business.
if our or certain of our subsidiaries' credit ratings were downgraded, especially below investment grade, financing costs and the principal amount of borrowings would likely increase due to the additional risk of our debt and because certain counterparties may require additional credit support as described above. such amounts may be material and could adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. losing investment grade credit ratings may also result in more restrictive covenants and reduced flexibility on repayment terms in debt issuances, lower share price and greater stockholder dilution from common equity issuances, in addition to reputational damage within the investment community.
adverse economic and market conditions, including increased inflation, increases in interest rates, recession or changes in investor sentiment could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity.
deteriorating, sluggish or volatile economic conditions in our operating jurisdictions could adversely impact our ability to maintain or grow our customer base and collect revenues from customers, which could reduce our revenue or growth rate and increase operating costs. a continued economic downturn or recession, or slowing or stalled recovery from such economic downturn or recession, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we rely on access to the capital markets to finance our liquidity and long-term capital requirements, including expenditures for our utility infrastructure and to comply with future regulatory requirements, to the extent not satisfied by the cash flow generated by our operations. we have historically relied on long-term debt and on the issuance of equity securities to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations. actions to reduce inflation, including raising interest rates, increase our cost of borrowing, which in turn could make it more difficult to obtain financing for our operations or investments on favorable terms. successful implementation of our long-term business strategies, including capital investment, is dependent upon our ability to access the item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
capital and credit markets, including the banking and commercial paper markets, on competitive terms and rates. an economic downturn or uncertainty, market turmoil, changes in interest rates, changes in tax policy, challenges faced by financial institutions, changes in our credit ratings, or a change in investor sentiment toward us or the utilities industry generally could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital or refinance debt. for example, because nipsco's current generating facilities substantially rely on coal for its operations, certain financial institutions may choose not to participate in our financing arrangements. in addition, large institutional investors may choose to sell or choose not to purchase our stock due to environmental, social and governance ("esg") concerns or concerns regarding renewable energy supply chain challenges. reduced access to capital markets, increased borrowing costs, and/or lower equity valuation levels could reduce future earnings per share and cash flows. in addition, any rise in interest rates may lead to higher borrowing costs, which may adversely impact reported earnings, cost of capital and capital holdings.
if, in the future, we face limits to the credit and capital markets or experience significant increases in the cost of capital or are unable to access the capital markets, it could limit our ability to implement, or increase the costs of implementing, our business plan, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity.
the covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows.
the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in widespread impacts on the global economy and financial markets. the duration and ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations and financial condition, including liquidity, capital and financing resources, will depend on numerous evolving factors and future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. such factors and developments may include the severity and duration of the covid-19 pandemic, including whether there are periods of increased covid-19 cases; the emergence of other new or more contagious variants that may render vaccines ineffective or less effective; disruption to our operations resulting from employee illnesses or any inability to attract, retain or motivate employees; the development, availability and administration of effective treatment or vaccines and the willingness of individuals to receive a vaccine; the extent and duration of the impact on the u.s. or global economy, including the pace and extent of recovery from the covid-19 pandemic; and the actions that have been or may be taken by various governmental authorities in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
most of our revenues are subject to economic regulation and are exposed to the impact of regulatory rate reviews and proceedings.
most of our revenues are subject to economic regulation at either the federal or state level. as such, the revenues generated by us are subject to regulatory review by the applicable federal or state authority. these rate reviews determine the rates charged to customers and directly impact revenues. our financial results are dependent on frequent regulatory proceedings in order to ensure timely recovery of costs and investments. as described in more detail in the risk factor below, the outcomes of these proceedings are uncertain, potentially lengthy and could be influenced by many factors, some of which may be outside of our control, including the cost of providing service, the necessity of expenditures, the quality of service, regulatory interpretations, customer intervention, economic conditions and the political environment. further, the rate orders are subject to appeal, which creates additional uncertainty as to the rates that will ultimately be allowed to be charged for services.
the actions of regulators and legislators could result in outcomes that may adversely affect our earnings and liquidity.
the rates that our electric and natural gas companies charge their customers are determined by their state regulatory commissions and by the ferc. these commissions also regulate the companies' accounting, operations, the issuance of certain securities and certain other matters. the ferc also regulates the transmission of electric energy, the sale of electric energy at wholesale, accounting, issuance of certain securities and certain other matters, including reliability standards through the north american electric reliability corporation (nerc).
under state and federal law, our electric and natural gas companies are entitled to charge rates that are sufficient to allow them an opportunity to recover their prudently incurred operating and capital costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, to attract needed capital and maintain their financial integrity, while also protecting relevant public interests. our electric and natural gas companies are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for their respective services. each of these companies prepares and submits periodic rate filings with their respective regulatory commissions for review and approval, which allows for various entities to challenge our current or future rates, structures or mechanisms and could alter or limit the rates we are allowed to charge our customers. these proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups, and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns. any change in rates, including changes in allowed rate of return, are subject item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
to regulatory approval proceedings that can be contentious, lengthy, and subject to appeal. this may lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result of those proceedings. established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or disallowed, including cost recovery mechanisms. the ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings could have a significant effect on our ability to recover costs or earn an adequate return. adverse decisions in our proceedings could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
there can be no assurance that regulators will approve the recovery of all costs incurred by our electric and natural gas companies, including costs for construction, operation and maintenance, and compliance with current and future changes in environmental, federal pipeline safety, critical infrastructure and cyber security laws and regulations. challenges arise with state regulators on inflationary pricing for electric and gas materials and potential price increases, ensuring that updated pricing for electric and gas materials is included in plans and regulatory assumptions, and ensuring there is a regulatory recovery model for emergency inventory stock. there is debate among state regulators and other stakeholders over how to transition to a decarbonized economy and prudency arguments relative to investing in natural gas assets when the depreciable life of the assets may be shortened due to electrification. the inability to recover a significant amount of operating costs could have an adverse effect on a company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
changes to rates may occur at times different from when costs are incurred. additionally, catastrophic events at other utilities could result in our regulators and legislators imposing additional requirements that may lead to additional costs for the companies.
in addition to the risk of disallowance of incurred costs, regulators may also impose downward adjustments in a company's allowed roe as well as assess penalties and fines. regulators may reduce roe to mitigate potential customer bill increases due to items unrelated to capital investments such as potential increases in taxes and incremental costs related to covid-19. these actions would have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
our electric business is subject to mandatory reliability and critical infrastructure protection standards established by nerc and enforced by the ferc. the critical infrastructure protection standards focus on controlling access to critical physical and cybersecurity assets. compliance with the mandatory reliability standards could subject our electric utilities to higher operating costs. in addition, compliance with phmsa regulations could subject our gas utilities to higher operating costs. if our businesses are found to be in noncompliance, we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, or damage to our reputation.
changes in tax laws, as well as the potential tax effects of business decisions, could negatively impact our business, results of operations (including our expected project returns from our planned renewable energy projects), financial condition and cash flows.
our business operations are subject to economic conditions in certain industries.
business operations throughout our service territories have been and may continue to be adversely affected by economic events at the national and local level where our businesses operate. in particular, sales to large industrial customers, such as those in the steel, oil refining, industrial gas and related industries, are impacted by economic downturns and recession; geographic or technological shifts in production or production methods; and consumer demand for environmentally friendly products and practices. the u.s. manufacturing industry continues to adjust to changing market conditions including international competition, inflation and increasing costs, and fluctuating demand for its products. in addition, our results of operations are negatively impacted by lower revenues resulting from higher bankruptcies, predominately focused on commercial and industrial customers not able to sustain operations through the economic disruptions related to the pandemic.
we are exposed to risk that customers will not remit payment for delivered energy or services, and that suppliers or counterparties will not perform under various financial or operating agreements.
our extension of credit is governed by a corporate credit risk policy, involves considerable judgment by our employees and is based on an evaluation of a customer or counterparty's financial condition, credit history and other factors. we monitor our credit risk exposure by obtaining credit reports and updated financial information for customers and suppliers, and by evaluating the financial status of our banking partners and other counterparties by reference to market-based metrics such as credit default swap pricing levels, and to traditional credit ratings provided by the major credit rating agencies. adverse economic conditions result in an increase in defaults by customers, suppliers and counterparties.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
we are a holding company and are dependent on cash generated by our subsidiaries to meet our debt obligations and pay dividends on our stock.
we are a holding company and conduct our operations primarily through our subsidiaries, which are separate and distinct legal entities. substantially all of our consolidated assets are held by our subsidiaries. accordingly, our ability to meet our debt obligations or pay dividends on our common stock and preferred stock is largely dependent upon cash generated by these subsidiaries. in the event a major subsidiary is not able to pay dividends or transfer cash flows to us, our ability to service our debt obligations or pay dividends could be negatively affected.
the trading prices for our equity units, initially consisting of corporate units, and related treasury units and series c mandatory convertible preferred stock, are expected to be affected by, among other things, the trading prices of our common stock, the general level of interest rates and our credit quality.
the trading prices of the equity units, initially consisting of corporate units, which are listed on the new york stock exchange, and the related treasury units and series c mandatory convertible preferred stock in the secondary market, are expected to be affected by, among other things, the trading prices of our common stock, the general level of interest rates and our credit quality. it is impossible to predict whether the price of our common stock or interest rates will rise or fall. the price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in the future in response to many events or factors, including those discussed in the risk factors herein, many of which events and factors are beyond our control. fluctuations in interest rates may give rise to arbitrage opportunities based upon changes in the relative value of the common stock underlying the purchase contracts and of the other components of the equity units. any such arbitrage could, in turn, affect the trading prices of the corporate units, treasury units, mandatory convertible preferred stock and our common stock.
the early settlement right triggered under certain circumstances and the supermajority rights of the series c mandatory convertible preferred stock following a fundamental change, could discourage a potential acquirer.
the fundamental change early settlement right with respect to the purchase contracts triggered under certain circumstances by a fundamental change and the supermajority voting rights of the series c mandatory convertible preferred stock in connection with certain fundamental change transactions jointly could discourage a potential acquirer, including potential acquirers that would otherwise seek a transaction with us that would be attractive to our investors.
our equity units, initially consisting of corporate units, and related series c mandatory convertible preferred stock, and the issuance and sale of common stock in settlement of the purchase contracts and conversion of mandatory convertible preferred stock, may all adversely affect the market price of our common stock and will cause dilution to our stockholders.
the market price of our common stock is likely to be influenced by our equity units, initially consisting of corporate units, and related mandatory convertible preferred stock. for example, the market price of our common stock could become more volatile and could be depressed by:
•investors' anticipation of the sale into the market of a substantial number of additional shares of our common stock issued upon settlement of the purchase contracts or conversion of our mandatory convertible preferred stock;
•possible sales of our common stock by investors who view our equity units, initially consisting of corporate units, or related mandatory convertible preferred stock as a more attractive means of equity participation in us than owning shares of our common stock; and
•hedging or arbitrage trading activity that may develop involving our equity units, initially consisting of corporate units, or related mandatory convertible preferred stock and our common stock.
in addition, we cannot predict the effect that future issuances or sales of our common stock, if any, including those made upon the settlement of the purchase contracts or conversion of the mandatory convertible preferred stock, may have on the market price for our common stock.
our equity units, initially consisting of corporate units, and the issuance and sale of substantial amounts of common stock, including issuances and sales upon the settlement of the purchase contracts or conversion of the mandatory convertible preferred stock, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and will cause dilution to our stockholders.
capital market performance and other factors may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding and impact earnings.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
the performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations under defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. we have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in these trusts. these assets are subject to market fluctuations and may yield uncertain returns, which fall below our projected rates of return. a decline in the market value of assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations under the defined benefit pension plans. additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under these benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, which could potentially increase funding requirements. further, the funding requirements of the obligations related to these benefits plans may increase due to changes in governmental regulations and participant demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or longer life expectancy assumptions, as well as voluntary early retirements. in addition, lower asset returns result in increased expenses. ultimately, significant funding requirements and increased pension or other postretirement benefit plan expense could negatively impact our results of operations and financial position.
we have significant goodwill. any future impairments of goodwill could result in a significant charge to earnings in a future period and negatively impact our compliance with certain covenants under financing agreements.
in accordance with gaap, we test goodwill for impairment at least annually and review our definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate its fair value might be below its carrying value. goodwill is also tested for impairment when factors, examples of which include reduced cash flow estimates, a sustained decline in stock price or market capitalization below book value, indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
a significant charge in the future could impact the capitalization ratio covenant under certain financing agreements. we are subject to a financial covenant under our revolving credit facility and term credit agreement, which requires us to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 70%. as of december 31, 2022, the ratio was 58.9%.
litigation, regulatory and legislative risks the outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings, investigations, inquiries, claims and litigation related to our business operations may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
we are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings, investigations, inquiries, claims and litigation in connection with our business operations, including those related to the greater lawrence incident, the most significant of which are summarized in note 19, "other commitments and contingencies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements. our insurance does not cover all costs and expenses that we have incurred relating to the greater lawrence incident, and does not fully cover incidents that could occur in the future. due to the inherent uncertainty of the outcomes of such matters, there can be no assurance that the resolution of any particular claim or proceeding would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
the greater lawrence incident has materially adversely affected and may continue to materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and we may have continued financial liabilities related to the sale of the massachusetts business.
in connection with the greater lawrence incident, we have incurred and will incur various costs and expenses. while we have recovered the full amount of our liability insurance coverage available under our policies, total expenses related to the incident exceeded such amount. expenses in excess of our liability insurance coverage have materially adversely affected and may continue to materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. we may also incur additional costs associated with the greater lawrence incident, beyond the amount currently anticipated, including in connection with civil litigation. additionally, it may be difficult to determine whether a claim for damages from a third party related to the massachusetts business or the greater lawrence incident is our responsibility or eversource's, and we may expend substantial resources trying to determine whether we or eversource has responsibility for the claim. further, state or federal legislation may be enacted that would require us to incur additional costs by mandating various changes, including changes to our operating practice standards for natural gas distribution operations and safety. in addition, if it is determined in other matters that we did not comply with applicable statutes, regulations or rules in connection with the operations or maintenance of our natural gas system, and we are ordered to pay additional amounts in penalties, or other amounts, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
our settlement with the u.s. attorney's office in respect of federal charges in connection with the greater lawrence incident may expose us to further penalties, liabilities and private litigation, and may impact our operations.
on february 26, 2020, the company entered into a dpa and columbia of massachusetts entered into a plea agreement with the u.s. attorney's office to resolve the u.s. attorney's office's investigation relating to the greater lawrence incident, which item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
was subsequently approved by the united states district court for the district of massachusetts. the agreements impose various compliance and remedial obligations on the company and columbia of massachusetts. failure to comply with the terms of these agreements could result in further enforcement action by the u.s. attorney's office, expose the company and columbia of massachusetts to penalties, financial or otherwise, and subject the company to further private litigation, each of which could impact our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business.
our businesses are subject to various federal, state and local laws, regulations, tariffs and policies. we could be materially adversely affected if we fail to comply with such laws, regulations, tariffs and policies or with any changes in or new interpretations of such laws, regulations, tariffs and policies.
our businesses are subject to various federal, state and local laws, regulations, tariffs and policies, including, but not limited to, those relating to natural gas pipeline safety, employee safety, the environment and our energy infrastructure. in particular, we are subject to significant federal, state and local regulations applicable to utility companies, including regulations by the various utility commissions in the states where we serve customers. these regulations significantly influence our operating environment, may affect our ability to recover costs from utility customers, and cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs. existing laws, regulations, tariffs and policies may be revised or become subject to new interpretations, and new laws, regulations, tariffs and policies may be adopted or become applicable to us and our operations. in some cases, compliance with new laws, regulations, tariffs and policies increases our costs or risks of liability. supply chain constraints may challenge our ability to remain in compliance if we cannot obtain the materials that we need to operate our business in a compliant manner. if we fail to comply with laws, regulations and tariffs applicable to us or with any changes in or new interpretations of such laws, regulations, tariffs or policies, our financial condition, results of operations, regulatory outcomes and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
our businesses are regulated under numerous environmental laws and regulations. the cost of compliance with these laws and regulations, and changes to or additions to, or reinterpretations of the laws and regulations, could be significant, and the cost of compliance may not be recoverable. liability from the failure to comply with existing or changed laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
our businesses are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and rules that regulate, among other things, air emissions, water usage and discharges, ghg and waste products such as ccr. compliance with these legal obligations require us to make significant expenditures for installation of pollution control equipment, remediation, environmental monitoring, emissions fees, and permits at many of our facilities. furthermore, if we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations or are found to have caused damage to the environment or persons, that failure or harm may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and damages against us, injunctions to remedy the failure or harm, and the inability to operate facilities as designed and intended.
existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and new laws and regulations may be adopted or become applicable to us, with an increasing focus on the impact of coal and natural gas facilities that may result in significant additional expense and operating restrictions on our facilities, which may not be fully recoverable from customers and could materially affect the continued economic viability of our facilities.
an area of significant uncertainty and risk are potential changes to the laws concerning emission of ghg. while we continue to execute our plan to reduce our scope 1 ghg emissions through the retirement of coal-fired electric generation, increased sourcing of renewable energy, priority pipeline replacement, leak detection and repair, and other methods, and while we have set a net zero goal, ghg emissions are anticipated to be associated with energy delivery for many years. future ghg legislation and/or regulation related to the generation of electricity or the extraction, production, distribution, transmission, storage and end use of natural gas could materially impact our gas supply, financial position, financial results and cash flows.
another area of significant uncertainty and risk are the regulations concerning ccr. the epa has issued regulations and plans to promulgate additional regulations concerning the management, transformation, transportation and storage of ccrs. nipsco is also incurring or will incur costs associated with closing, corrective action, and ongoing monitoring of certain ccr impoundments. we have two pending petitions at the indiana utility regulatory commission (iurc) seeking recovery of ash pond closure costs related to federal regulations governing ccrs at the michigan city and r.m. schahfer generating stations and believe there is supportive indiana law authorizing such recovery. further, a release of ccr to the environment could result in remediation costs, penalties, claims, litigation, increased compliance costs, and reputational damage.
we currently have a pending application with the epa to continue operation of a ccr impoundment that is tied to operation of r.m. schahfer generating station units 17 and 18 to the end of 2025, with the ccr impoundment closing by october 2028. in item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
proposed and final epa actions denying continued operation of ccr impoundments at other utilities, epa said that ccr impoundments should cease receipt of ccrs within 135 days of final epa action unless certain conditions are demonstrated, such as potential reliability issues. in the event that approval is not obtained, future operations could be impacted.
the actual future expenditures to achieve environmental compliance depends on many factors, including the nature and extent of impact, the method of improvement, the cost of raw materials, contractor costs, and requirements established by environmental authorities. changes in costs and the ability to recover under regulatory mechanisms could affect our financial position, financial results and cash flows.
changes in taxation and the ability to quantify such changes as well as challenges to tax positions could adversely affect our financial results.
we are subject to taxation by the various taxing authorities at the federal, state and local levels where we do business. legislation or regulation which could affect our tax burden could be enacted by any of these governmental authorities. the ira imposed a 15 percent minimum tax rate on book earnings for corporations with higher than $1 billion of annual income, along with a 1 percent excise tax on corporate stock repurchases while providing tax incentives to promote various clean energy initiatives. we are currently assessing the potential impact of these legislative changes. the outcome of regulatory proceedings regarding the extent to which the effect of a change in corporate tax rate will impact customers and the time period over which the impact will occur could significantly impact future earnings and cash flows. separately, a challenge by a taxing authority, changes in taxing authorities' administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions, our ability to utilize tax benefits such as carryforwards or tax credits, or a deviation from other tax-related assumptions may cause actual financial results to deviate from previous estimates.

item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
index                                                   page executive summary summary of consolidated financial results results and discussion of segment operations gas distribution operations electric operations                                       42
liquidity and capital resources                           46
market risk disclosures other information executive summary this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("management's discussion") includes management's analysis of past financial results and certain potential factors that may affect future results, potential future risks and approaches that may be used to manage those risks. see "note regarding forward-looking statements" and item 1a, "risk factors" at the beginning of this report for a list of factors that may cause results to differ materially.
this management's discussion is designed to provide an understanding of our operations and financial performance and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
we are an energy holding company under the public utility holding company act of 2005 whose subsidiaries are fully regulated natural gas and electric utility companies serving customers in six states. we generate substantially all of our operating income through these rate-regulated businesses, which are summarized for financial reporting purposes into two primary reportable segments: gas distribution operations and electric operations.
refer to the "business" section under item 1 of this annual report and note 21, "business segment information," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our regulated utility business segments.
our goal is to develop strategies that benefit all stakeholders as we (i) embark on long-term infrastructure investment and safety programs to better serve our customers, (ii) align our tariff structures with our cost structure, and (iii) address changing customer conservation patterns. these strategies focus on improving safety and reliability, enhancing customer service, ensuring customer affordability and reducing emissions while generating sustainable returns. the safety of our customers, communities and employees remains our top priority. in 2022, nisource achieved conformance certification to the american petroleum institute recommended practice 1173, which serves as the guiding practice for our sms. this certification marks an important milestone for our sms and nisource's journey towards operational excellence. additionally, we continue to pursue regulatory and legislative initiatives that will allow residential customers not currently on our system to obtain gas service in a cost effective manner.
2022 overview: in 2022, we continued to make significant progress towards our strategic and financial goals and objectives. we completed the first full year of operating indiana crossroads wind, and construction is near completion for two of our solar projects. in 2022, we filed four rate cases and resolved three, in pennsylvania, maryland, and the gas rate case in indiana filed in 2021. in addition, the ohio rate case was resolved in january 2023 and the virginia rate case is anticipated to be resolved in the first quarter of 2023. these cases represent balanced outcomes supporting all stakeholders. between our gas distribution and electric operating segments, we added 25,000 customers. we also invested $1.6 billion in infrastructure modernization to enhance safe, reliable service, including replacement of 410 miles of distribution main and service lines, 48 miles of underground cable and 1,352 electric poles.
we also made advancements in key strategic initiatives, described in further detail below.
your energy, your future: our plan to replace our coal generation capacity by the end of 2028 with primarily renewable resources, initiated through our 2018 integrated resource plan ("2018 plan") is well underway, and we are continually adjusting to the dynamic renewable energy landscape. as of december 31, 2022, we have executed and received iurc approval for btas and ppas with a combined nameplate capacity of 1,950 mw and 1,380 mw, respectively, under the 2018 plan. during 2022, we made significant progress on our first two solar btas and anticipate completion of these projects and tax equity financing in 2023. we have also taken contractual actions on a number of our other renewable projects to address the item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
timing of these projects as well as consider the broad market issues facing the industry. we remain on track to retire r.m schahfer's remaining two coal units by the end of 2025. in august 2022, the ira was signed into law. we are evaluating the impact of this legislation to our renewable projects with potential to drive increased value to customers as part of our expansion of renewable projects and generation transition strategy. however, the leveraging of the ira will be considered on a project-by-project basis and evaluate several factors, both quantitative and qualitative, that results in the best position for project success as well as customer and company considerations. for additional information, see "results and discussion of segment operations - electric operations," in this management's discussion.
in 2021, we announced and filed with the iurc the preferred energy resource plan associated with our 2021 integrated resource plan ("2021 plan"). the 2021 plan lays out a timeline to retire the michigan city generating station by the end of 2028. the 2021 plan calls for the replacement of the retiring units with a diverse portfolio of resources including demand side management resources, incremental solar, stand-alone energy storage and upgrades to existing facilities at the sugar creek generating station, among other steps. additionally, the 2021 plan calls for a natural gas peaking unit to replace existing vintage gas peaking units at the r.m. schahfer generating station to support system reliability and resiliency, as well as upgrades to the transmission system to enhance our electric generation transition. the planned retirement of the two vintage gas peaking units at the r.m. schahfer generating station is also expected to occur by the end of 2028. final retirement dates for these units, as well as michigan city, will be subject to miso approval. we are continuing to evaluate potential projects under the 2021 plan given the responses to our request for proposal issued in august 2022.
transformation: the ninext initiative, which commenced in 2020, focused on optimizing our workforce and advancing our operations. ninext has been foundational in preparing for incremental, enterprise-wide investments to address inefficiencies in our current technology footprint, which stem primarily from a complex array of legacy systems. we plan to address these inefficiencies through our enterprise transformation roadmap with investments in technology systems and infrastructure. as a result of these investments, we will deliver more modern, dependable, and secure it systems backed with standardized processes to reduce the operating risks of our business, increase workforce efficiencies, and increase visibility to data which will be leveraged to drive risk-informed decisions. our enterprise transformation roadmap will position us to accomplish future strategic investments and aspirational goals.
economic environment: we are monitoring risks related to increasing order and delivery lead times for construction and other materials, increasing risk of unavailability of materials due to global shortages in raw materials, and risk of decreased construction labor productivity in the event of disruptions in the availability of materials. we are also seeing increasing prices associated with certain materials and supplies. to the extent that delays occur or our costs increase, our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. for more information on supply chain impacts to our electric generation strategy, see "results and discussion of segment operations - electric operations," in this management's discussion.
early in 2022, nipsco experienced a rail service shortage in deliveries of coal, particularly to its michigan city generating station, and the primary rail carrier for that generating station was unable to provide assurance of adequate future service to maintain coal inventory. a lack of adequate coal deliveries to any of our coal-fired generating facilities for an extended period could deplete our inventories to a level that prevents the generating station from running, and nipsco would need to rely on market purchases of replacement power, which could increase the cost of electricity for nipsco's customers. nipsco believes these shortages have been resolved but continues to monitor deliveries of coal from its rail carriers. this did not have a material impact on our operations in 2022.
we are faced with increased competition for employee and contractor talent in the current labor market, which has resulted in increased costs to attract and retain talent. we are ensuring that we use all internal human capital programs (development, leadership enablement programs, succession, performance management) to promote retention of our current employees along with having a competitive and attractive appeal for potential recruits. with a focus on workforce planning, we are anticipating to evaluate our talent footprint for the future by creating flexible work arrangements where we can, to ensure we have the right people, in the right role, and at the right time. to the extent we are unable to execute on our workforce planning initiatives and experience increased employee and contractor costs, our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
we experienced an increase in natural gas costs as the spot market for natural gas substantially increased throughout much of 2022, followed by a decrease in the price of natural gas since november 2022. nationally, levels of gas in storage were lower in 2022 compared to 2021, liquified natural gas exports to europe continued at a steady pace, and domestic production saw a recent decline in demand. these factors drove increased volatility in the marketplace, which influenced customer bills item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
throughout 2022. while production was increasing towards the end of 2022, weather changes have limited demand and decreased withdrawals, causing inventory balances to be higher compared to 2021. with this decline in price, we expect to see lower volatility and declining customer bills. for the year ended december 31, 2022, we did not see this volatility have a material impact on our results of operations. for more information on our commodity price impacts, see "results and discussion of segment operations - gas distribution operations," and "market risk disclosures."
due to rising interest rates, we experienced higher interest expense in 2022 compared to 2021 associated with short-term borrowings. we continue to evaluate our financing plan to manage interest expense and exposure to rates. for more information on interest rate risk, see "market risk disclosures".
for more information on global availability of materials for our renewable projects, see "results and discussion of segment operations - electric operations - electric supply and generation transition."
summary of consolidated financial results a summary of our consolidated financial results for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are presented below:
favorable (unfavorable)
year ended december 31, (in millions, except per share amounts)                    2022                         2021                         2020                    2022 vs. 2021                       2021 vs. 2020
operating revenues                                                         $5,850.6                      $4,899.6                     $4,681.7                       $951.0                              $217.9
operating expenses cost of energy                                                              2,110.5                       1,392.3                      1,109.3                      (718.2)                             (283.0)
other operating expenses                                                    2,474.3                       2,500.4                      3,021.6                         26.1                               521.2
total operating expenses                                                    4,584.8                       3,892.7                      4,130.9                      (692.1)                               238.2
operating income                                                            1,265.8                       1,006.9                        550.8                        258.9                               456.1
total other deductions, net                                                 (309.4)                       (300.3)                      (582.1)                        (9.1)                               281.8
income taxes                                                                  164.6                         117.8                       (17.1)                       (46.8)                             (134.9)
net income (loss)                                                             791.8                         588.8                       (14.2)                        203.0                               603.0
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest                    (12.3)                           3.9                          3.4                         16.2                               (0.5)
net income (loss) attributable to nisource                                    804.1                         584.9                       (17.6)                        219.2                               602.5
preferred dividends                                                          (55.1)                        (55.1)                       (55.1)                            -                                   -
net income (loss) available to common shareholders                            749.0                         529.8                       (72.7)                        219.2                               602.5
basic earnings (loss) per share                                               $1.84                         $1.35                      $(0.19)                        $0.49                               $1.54
diluted earnings (loss) per share                                             $1.70                         $1.27                      $(0.19)                        $0.43                               $1.46
the majority of the costs of energy in both segments are tracked costs that are passed through directly to the customer, resulting in an equal and offsetting amount reflected in operating revenues.
the increase in net income available to common shareholders during 2022 was primarily due to higher revenues from outcomes of gas base rate proceedings and regulatory capital programs, as well as an insurance settlement related to the greater lawrence incident, offset by higher income taxes in 2022 compared to 2021.
for additional information on operating income variance drivers see "results and discussion of segment operations" for gas and electric operations in this management's discussion.
other deductions, net the change in other deductions, net in 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily driven by higher long-term and short-term debt interest in 2022 and lower non-service pension benefits partially offset by the interest rate swap settlement gain in 2022 and charitable contributions in 2021. see note 15, "long-term debt," note 16, "short-term borrowings," and note 12, "pension and other postemployment benefits," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
income taxes the increase in income tax expense in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 is primarily attributable to higher pre-tax income, offset by higher state flow through and the reduction of the pennsylvania corporate income tax rate.
refer to note 11, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on income taxes and the change in the effective tax rate.
results and discussion of operations presentation of segment information our operations are divided into two primary reportable segments: gas distribution operations and electric operations. the remainder of our operations, which are not significant enough on a stand-alone basis to warrant treatment as an operating segment, are presented as "corporate and other" within the notes to the consolidated financial statements and primarily are comprised of interest expense on holding company debt, and unallocated corporate costs and activities.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations financial and operational data for the gas distribution operations segment for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are presented below:
favorable (unfavorable)
year ended december 31, (in millions)                                       2022                            2021                            2020                    2022 vs. 2021                       2021 vs. 2020
operating revenues                                                $4,019.8                        $3,183.5                        $3,140.1                          $836.3                               $43.4
operating expenses cost of energy                                                     1,534.8                           962.7                           794.2                         (572.1)                             (168.5)
operation and maintenance                                          1,045.3                           993.8                         1,138.0                          (51.5)                               144.2
depreciation and amortization                                        415.9                           383.0                           363.1                          (32.9)                              (19.9)
loss (gain) on sale of fixed assets and impairments, net           (103.9)                             8.7                           412.4                           112.6                               403.7
other taxes                                                          211.9                           217.8                           233.3                             5.9                                15.5
total operating expenses                                           3,104.0                         2,566.0                         2,941.0                         (538.0)                               375.0
operating income                                                    $915.8                          $617.5                          $199.1                          $298.3                              $418.4
revenues residential                                                       $2,609.6                        $2,143.4                        $2,110.6                          $466.2                               $32.8
commercial                                                           942.4                           731.0                           679.7                           211.4                                51.3
industrial                                                           221.5                           197.2                           213.8                            24.3                              (16.6)
off-system                                                           192.9                            71.3                            41.0                           121.6                                30.3
other                                                                 53.4                            40.6                            95.0                            12.8                              (54.4)
total                                                             $4,019.8                        $3,183.5                        $3,140.1                          $836.3                               $43.4
sales and transportation (mmdth)
residential                                                          249.0                           231.2                           249.5                            17.8                              (18.3)
commercial                                                           181.3                           167.0                           170.5                            14.3                               (3.5)
industrial                                                           490.7                           507.1                           538.1                          (16.4)                              (31.0)
off-system                                                            32.3                            21.6                            23.3                            10.7                               (1.7)
other                                                                  0.3                             0.3                             0.3                               -                                   -
total                                                                953.6                           927.2                           981.7                            26.4                              (54.5)
heating degree days                                                  5,436                           5,002                           5,097                             434                                (95)
normal heating degree days                                           5,347                           5,427                           5,485                            (80)                                (58)
% colder (warmer) than normal                                            2     %                       (8)     %                       (7)     %
% colder (warmer) than prior year                                        9     %                       (2)     %                       (5)     %
gas distribution customers residential                                                            2,991,913                       2,970,157                       2,954,478                    21,756                              15,679
commercial                                                               254,436                         253,987                         253,184                       449                                 803
industrial                                                                 4,870                           4,921                           4,968                      (51)                                (47)
other                                                                                                                                          3                       (1)                                   1
total                                                                  3,251,222                       3,229,069                       3,212,633                    22,153                              16,436
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
comparability of operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation and amortization, and other taxes may be impacted by regulatory, depreciation and tax trackers that allow for the recovery in rates of certain costs.
the underlying reasons for changes in our operating revenues and expenses from 2022 to 2021 are presented in the respective tables below. please refer to part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results and discussion of segment operations - gas distribution operations," of the company's 2021 annual report on form 10-k for discussion of underlying reasons for changes in our operating revenues and expenses for 2021 versus 2020.
favorable (unfavorable)
changes in operating revenues (in millions)                                                           2022 vs 2021
new rates from base rate proceedings and regulatory capital programs                              $169.7
the effects of weather in 2022 compared to 2021                                                     31.1
higher revenue related to off system sales                                                           8.8
the effects of customer growth                                                                       4.9
higher revenue due to the effects of resuming common credit mitigation practices                     3.5
increased customer usage                                                                             2.3
other                                                                                                4.7
change in operating revenues (before cost of energy and other tracked items)                      $225.0
operating revenues offset in operating expense higher cost of energy billed to customers                                                          572.1
higher tracker deferrals within operation and maintenance, depreciation, and tax                    39.2
total change in operating revenues                                                                $836.3
weather in general, we calculate the weather-related revenue variance based on changing customer demand driven by weather variance from normal heating degree days, net of weather normalization mechanisms. our composite heating degree days reported do not directly correlate to the weather-related dollar impact on the results of gas distribution operations. heating degree days experienced during different times of the year or in different operating locations may have more or less impact on volume and dollars depending on when and where they occur. when the detailed results are combined for reporting, there may be weather-related dollar impacts on operations when there is not an apparent or significant change in our aggregated composite heating degree day comparison.
throughput the increase in total volumes sold and transported in 2022 compared to 2021 of 26.4 mmdth is primarily attributable to the effects of colder weather.
commodity price impact cost of energy for the gas distribution operations segment is principally comprised of the cost of natural gas used while providing transportation and distribution services to customers. all of our gas distribution operations companies have state-approved recovery mechanisms that provide a means for full recovery of prudently incurred gas costs. these are tracked costs that are passed through directly to the customer, and the gas costs included in revenues are matched with the gas cost expense recorded in the period. the difference is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as under-recovered or over-recovered gas cost to be included in future customer billings. therefore, increases in these tracked operating expenses are offset by increases in operating revenues and have essentially no impact on net income.
certain gas distribution operations companies continue to offer choice opportunities, where customers can choose to purchase gas from a third-party supplier, through regulatory initiatives in their respective jurisdictions.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
favorable (unfavorable)
changes in operating expenses (in millions)                                                           2022 vs 2021
property insurance settlement related to the greater lawrence incident                            $105.0
lower nisource next program expenses                                                                20.0
lower other than income taxes primarily related to property tax expense                             17.8
loss on sale and expenses related to the massachusetts business in 2021                             16.6
higher depreciation and amortization expense                                                      (35.1)
higher outside services expenses                                                                  (12.2)
higher employee and administrative related expenses                                               (10.0)
higher fleet expenses                                                                              (5.5)
rate case settlement impacts                                                                       (3.7)
higher unrecoverable environmental remediation costs                                               (2.7)
higher materials and supplies expense                                                              (2.7)
earnings test reserve adjustment in 2021                                                           (2.5)
other                                                                                             (11.7)
change in operating expenses (before cost of energy and other tracked items)                       $73.3
operating expenses offset in operating revenue higher cost of energy billed to customers                                                        (572.1)
higher tracker deferrals within operation and maintenance, depreciation, and tax                  (39.2)
total change in operating expense                                                               $(538.0)
columbia of massachusetts asset sale on october 9, 2020, we completed the sale of our massachusetts business. in march 2021, we reached an agreement with eversource regarding the final purchase price, including net working capital adjustments. this resulted in a pre-tax loss for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 of zero and $6.8 million, respectively, based on asset and liability balances as of the close of the transaction on october 9, 2020, transaction costs and the final purchase price. the pre-tax loss is presented as "loss (gain) on sale of assets, net" on the statements of consolidated income (loss).
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations financial and operational data for the electric operations segment for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are presented below:
favorable (unfavorable)
year ended december 31, (in millions)                               2022                          2021                          2020                 2022 vs. 2021                       2021 vs. 2020
operating revenues                                          $1,831.7                      $1,697.1                      $1,536.6                     $134.6                              $160.5
operating expenses cost of energy                                                 575.8                         429.7                         315.2                    (146.1)                             (114.5)
operation and maintenance                                      486.2                         493.6                         497.6                        7.4                                 4.0
depreciation and amortization                                  362.9                         329.4                         321.3                     (33.5)                               (8.1)
gain on sale of fixed assets and impairments, net                  -                         (0.9)                             -                      (0.9)                                 0.9
other taxes                                                     44.4                          57.5                          53.7                       13.1                               (3.8)
total operating expenses                                     1,469.3                       1,309.3                       1,187.8                    (160.0)                             (121.5)
operating income                                              $362.4                        $387.8                        $348.8                    $(25.4)                               $39.0
revenues residential                                                   $592.4                        $568.0                        $527.8                      $24.4                               $40.2
commercial                                                     571.0                         534.9                         480.3                       36.1                                54.6
industrial                                                     561.4                         494.1                         412.9                       67.3                                81.2
wholesale                                                       13.5                          15.7                          12.3                      (2.2)                                 3.4
other                                                           93.4                          84.4                         103.3                        9.0                              (18.9)
total                                                       $1,831.7                      $1,697.1                      $1,536.6                     $134.6                              $160.5
sales (gigawatt hours)
residential                                                  3,482.9                       3,546.8                       3,484.0                     (63.9)                                62.8
commercial                                                   3,682.4                       3,698.0                       3,550.0                     (15.6)                               148.0
industrial                                                   7,915.3                       8,253.7                       7,480.3                    (338.4)                               773.4
wholesale                                                       50.0                         124.7                          83.6                     (74.7)                                41.1
other                                                           89.5                         108.5                         106.0                     (19.0)                                 2.5
total                                                       15,220.1                      15,731.7                      14,703.9                    (511.6)                             1,027.8
cooling degree days                                              942                         1,020                           900                       (78)                                 120
normal cooling degree days                                       831                           803                           803                         28                                   -
% warmer than normal                                              13   %                        27   %                        12   %
% warmer (colder) than prior year                                (8)   %                        13   %
electric customers residential                                                  424,735                       422,436                       418,871                      2,299                               3,565
commercial                                                    58,374                        58,010                        57,435                        364                                 575
industrial                                                     2,130                         2,137                         2,154                        (7)                                (17)
wholesale                                                        710                           714                           722                        (4)                                 (8)
other                                                              3                             2                             2                          1                                   -
total                                                        485,952                       483,299                       479,184                      2,653                               4,115
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations (continued)
comparability of operation and maintenance expenses and depreciation and amortization may be impacted by regulatory and depreciation trackers that allow for the recovery in rates of certain costs.
the underlying reasons for changes in our operating revenues and expenses from 2022 to 2021 are presented in the respective tables below. please refer to part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results and discussion of segment operations - electric operations," of the company's 2021 annual report on form 10-k for discussion of underlying reasons for changes in our operating revenues and expenses for 2021 versus 2020.
favorable (unfavorable)
changes in operating revenues (in millions)                                                                                                        2022 vs 2021
ppa revenue from renewable jv projects, fully offset by jv operating expenses and noncontrolling interest net income (loss)                     $27.5
the effects of customer growth                                                                                                                    4.6
decreased fuel handling costs                                                                                                                     4.0
new rates from regulatory capital and dsm programs                                                                                                2.8
decreased customer usage                                                                                                                       (18.5)
reduction in gross receipts tax, offset in operating expenses                                                                                  (10.3)
fac adjustment(1)                                                                                                                               (8.0)
fac over earnings reserve                                                                                                                       (5.8)
the effects of weather in 2022 compared to 2021                                                                                                 (5.0)
other                                                                                                                                           (2.4)
change in operating revenues (before cost of energy and other tracked items)                                                                  $(11.1)
operating revenues offset in operating expense higher cost of energy billed to customers                                                                                                       146.1
lower tracker deferrals within operation and maintenance, depreciation and tax                                                                  (0.4)
total change in operating revenues                                                                                                             $134.6
(1)see note 9, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
weather in general, we calculate the weather-related revenue variance based on changing customer demand driven by weather variance from normal heating or cooling degree days. our composite heating or cooling degree days reported do not directly correlate to the weather-related dollar impact on the results of electric operations. heating or cooling degree days experienced during different times of the year may have more or less impact on volume and dollars depending on when they occur. when the detailed results are combined for reporting, there may be weather-related dollar impacts on operations when there is not an apparent or significant change in our aggregated composite heating or cooling degree day comparison.
sales nipsco's electric segment results remains closely linked to the performance of the steel industry. mwh sales to steel-related industries accounted for approximately 47.4% and 48.1% of the total industrial mwh sales for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
commodity price impact cost of energy for the electric operations segment is principally comprised of the cost of coal, natural gas purchased for internal generation of electricity at nipsco, and the cost of power purchased from generators of electricity. nipsco has a state-approved recovery mechanism that provides a means for full recovery of prudently incurred costs of energy. the majority of these costs of energy are passed through directly to the customer, and the costs of energy included in operating revenues are matched with the cost of energy expense recorded in the period. the difference is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as under-recovered or over-recovered fuel cost to be included in future customer billings. therefore, increases in these tracked operating expenses are offset by increases in operating revenues and have essentially no impact on net income.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations (continued)
favorable (unfavorable)
changes in operating expenses (in millions)                                                                                                  2022 vs 2021
renewable jv project expenses, offset by jv operating revenues                                                                          $(25.5)
higher depreciation and amortization expense driven by the jv depreciation adjustment(1)                                                 (15.7)
effects of environmental recoveries in 2021                                                                                               (6.5)
higher outside services expenses                                                                                                          (5.7)
expenses related to the accelerated retirement of the r.m. schahfer generating station's coal units 14 and 15 in 2021                      13.2
reduction in gross receipts tax, offset in operating revenues                                                                              10.3
lower nisource next program expenses                                                                                                        8.1
lower employee and administrative expenses                                                                                                  5.6
other                                                                                                                                       1.9
change in operating expenses (before cost of energy and other tracked items)                                                            $(14.3)
operating expenses offset in operating revenue higher cost of energy billed to customers                                                                                               (146.1)
lower tracker deferrals within operation and maintenance, depreciation and tax                                                              0.4
total change in operating expense                                                                                                      $(160.0)
(1)see note 9, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
electric supply and generation transition nipsco continues to execute on an electric generation transition consistent with the 2018 plan, which outlines the path to retire the remaining two coal units at schahfer by the end of 2025 and the remaining coal-fired generation by the end of 2028, to be replaced by lower-cost, reliable and cleaner options. see "project status" discussion, below, and "liquidity and capital resources" in this management's discussion for anticipated barriers to the success of our electric generation transition and additional information on our capital investment spend.
nipsco continues to work with the epa and the indiana department of environmental management to obtain administrative approvals associated with the operation of r.m. schahfer's remaining two coal units beyond 2023. in the event that the approvals are not obtained, future operations could be impacted. we cannot estimate the financial impact on us if these approvals are not obtained.
the current replacement plan primarily includes renewable sources of energy, including wind, solar, and battery storage to be obtained through a combination of nipsco ownership and ppas. nipsco has sold, and may in the future sell, renewable energy credits from this generation to third parties to offset customer costs. nipsco has executed several ppas to purchase 100% of the output from renewable generation facilities at a fixed price per mwh. each facility supplying the energy will have an associated nameplate capacity, and payments under the ppas will not begin until the associated generation facility is constructed by the owner/seller. nipsco has also executed several btas with developers to construct renewable generation facilities.
three wind projects have been placed into service, totaling approximately 804 mw of nameplate capacity. all announced projects below have received iurc approval. during 2022, nipsco amended certain of its btas and ppas. nipsco is discussing potentially amending other btas and ppas. any amendments that result in increased project costs may require additional approval by the iurc in order to obtain recovery for increased costs. our current replacement program will be augmented by the preferred energy resource plan outlined in our 2021 integrated resource plan. see "executive summary - your energy, your future" in this management's discussion for additional information.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations (continued)
project name                        transaction type        technology                     nameplate capacity (mw)         storage capacity (mw)
dunn's bridge i(1)                  bta                     solar                                              265                             -
indiana crossroads solar(1)         bta                     solar                                              200                             -
dunn's bridge ii(1)                 bta                     solar &amp; storage                                435                            75
cavalry(1)                          bta                     solar &amp; storage                                200                            60
fairbanks(1)                        bta                     solar                                              250                             -
elliott(1)                          bta                     solar                                              200                             -
indiana crossroads ii               15 year ppa             wind                                               204                             -
brickyard                           20 year ppa             solar                                              200                             -
greensboro                          20 year ppa             solar &amp; storage                                100                            30
gibson                              22 year ppa             solar                                              280                             -
green river                         20 year ppa             solar                                              200                             -
(1) ownership of the facilities will be transferred to jvs whose members are expected to include nipsco and an unrelated tax equity partner.
project status. our contract amendments with certain solar agreements will result in the majority of our remaining projects, and investments, being placed in service between 2023 and 2025. these amendments also formally address inflationary cost pressures communicated from the developers of our solar and storage projects that are primarily due to (i) unavailability of solar panels and other uncertainties related to the pending u.s. department of commerce investigation on antidumping and countervailing duties petition filed by a domestic solar manufacturer (the "doc investigation"), (ii) the u.s. department of homeland security's june 2021 withhold release order on silica-based products made by hoshine silicon industry co., ltd./uyghur forced labor prevention act, (iii) section 201 tariffs and (iv) persistent general global supply chain and labor availability issues. we are also monitoring the developers of our renewable energy projects related to local permitting processes and obtaining interconnection rights. preliminary findings from the doc investigation were released in december 2022, with a final decision expected in may 2023. the resolution of these issues, including the final conclusion of the doc investigation will determine which, if any, of our solar projects will be subject to any tariffs imposed.
in june 2022, the biden administration announced a 24-month tariff relief on solar panels subject to the ongoing u.s. department of commerce investigation and authorized the use of the defense production act, to accelerate domestic production of clean energy technologies, including solar panel parts.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
liquidity and capital resources we continually evaluate the availability of adequate financing to fund our ongoing business operations, working capital and core safety and infrastructure investment programs. our financing is sourced through cash flow from operations and the issuance of debt and/or equity. external debt financing is provided primarily through the issuance of long-term debt, accounts receivable securitization programs and our $1.5 billion commercial paper program, which is backstopped by our committed revolving credit facility with a total availability from third-party lenders of $1.85 billion. on december 20, 2022, we entered into a $1.0 billion term credit agreement that matures on december 19, 2023. on february 18, 2022, we amended our revolving credit agreement to, among other things, extend its term to february 18, 2027. the commercial paper program and credit facility provide cost-effective, short-term financing until it can be replaced with a balance of long-term debt and equity financing that achieves our desired capital structure. on june 10, 2022, we completed the issuance and sale of $350.0 million of 5.00% senior unsecured notes maturing in 2052, which resulted in approximately $344.6 million of net proceeds after discount and debt issuance costs. we intend to disburse an amount equal to the net proceeds of the notes to finance, in whole or in part, the acquisition of our 302 mw indiana crossroads wind project and 102 mw rosewater wind project from the project developer. on november 7, 2022, we announced that we intend to pursue the sale of a minority interest in our nipsco business unit. we utilize an atm equity program that allows us to issue and sell shares of our common stock up to an aggregate issuance of $750.0 million through december 31, 2023. as of december 31, 2022, the atm program had approximately $300.0 million of equity available for issuance. we also expect to remarket the series c mandatory convertible preferred stock prior to december 1, 2023, which could result in additional cash proceeds. see note 13, "equity," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information on our atm program and equity units.
we believe these sources provide adequate capital to fund our operating activities and capital expenditures in 2023 and beyond.
greater lawrence incident. as discussed in part i, item 1a, "risk factors," and in note 19, "other commitments and contingencies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements, due to the inherent uncertainty of litigation, there can be no assurance that the outcome or resolution of any particular claim related to the greater lawrence incident will not continue to have an adverse impact on our cash flows. through income generated from operating activities, amounts available under the short-term revolving credit facility, and our ability to access capital markets, we believe we have adequate capital available to settle remaining anticipated claims associated with the greater lawrence incident.
operating activities net cash from operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2022 was $1,409.4 million, an increase of $191.5 million from 2021. this increase was primarily driven by a year over year increase in revenue and collection of under-recovered gas and fuel cost from the prior year. this was offset by increased cash outflows related to inventory purchases year over year due to higher gas costs.
investing activities net cash used for investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2022 was $2,570.2 million, an increase of $365.3 million from 2021. our current year investing activities were comprised of increased capital expenditures related to system growth and reliability as well as payments to renewable generation asset developers related to dunn's bridge i and indiana crossroads solar milestone payments. this was offset by the property insurance settlement related to the greater lawrence incident.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
capital expenditures. the table below reflects actual capital expenditures and certain other investing activities by segment for 2022.
actual
(in millions)                                                     2022
gas distribution operations system growth and tracker                                $1,266.1
maintenance                                                 329.7
total gas distribution operations(1)                      1,595.8
electric operations system growth and tracker                                   345.0
maintenance                                                 164.2
generation transition investments                            31.4
total electric operations(1)                                540.6
corporate and other operations - maintenance(1)             161.6
total capital expenditures(2)                            $2,298.0
(1)amounts differ from those presented in note 21, "business segment information," in the notes to consolidated financial statements due to the allocation of corporate and other maintenance costs to the gas distribution and electric operations segments.
(2)amounts differ from those presented on the statements of consolidated cash flows primarily due to the capitalized portion of the corporate incentive plan payout, inclusion of capital expenditures included in current liabilities and afudc equity.
in addition to these capital expenditures, we made $323.9 million of capital investments in the form of milestone payments to the renewable generation asset developer.
we expect to make capital investments totaling approximately $15 billion during the 2023-2027 period related to infrastructure modernization, generation transition and renewables and customer growth for the next five years:
(in billions)                  2022 actual       2023 estimated       2024 estimated       2025 estimated       2026 estimated       2027 estimated capital investments                   $2.6           $3.3 - 3.6           $2.6 - 2.9           $3.1 - 3.4           $2.7 - 3.0          $ 2.7 - 3.0
regulatory capital programs. we replace pipe and modernize our gas infrastructure to enhance safety and reliability and reduce leaks. an ancillary benefit of these programs is the reduction of ghg emissions. in 2022, we continued to move forward on core infrastructure and environmental investment programs supported by complementary regulatory and customer initiatives across all six states of our operating area.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
the following table describes the most recent vintage of our regulatory programs to recover infrastructure replacement and other federally mandated compliance investments currently in rates or pending commission approval:
(in millions)
company                       program                   incremental revenue         incremental capital investment       investment period                                                                                                                                                                                   costs covered(1)   rates effective columbia of ohio(2)           irp - 2022                     $25.0                             $232.9                           1/21-12/21         replacement of (1) hazardous service lines, (2) cast iron, wrought iron, uncoated steel, and bare steel pipe, (3) natural gas risers prone to failure and (4) installation of amr devices.   may 2022
columbia of ohio(2)           cep - 2022                     $32.2                             $253.5                           1/21-12/21                                                                                                                                                                    assets not included in the irp.   september 2022
nipsco - gas(3)               tdsic 4                         $0.5                              $77.5                           7/21-12/21                                                                       new or replacement projects undertaken for the purpose of safety, reliability, system modernization or economic development.   july 2022
nipsco - gas(4)               fmca 1                          $1.5                              $14.1                           10/21-3/22                                                                                                                                                     project costs to comply with federal mandates.   october 2022
nipsco - gas(4)               fmca 2                          $5.3                              $38.2                            4/22-9/22                                                                                                                                                     project costs to comply with federal mandates.   april 2023
columbia of virginia(5)       save - 2023                     $4.5                              $45.9                           1/23-12/23                                                                replacement projects that (1) enhance system safety or reliability, or (2) reduce, or potentially reduce, greenhouse gas emissions.   january 2023
columbia of kentucky(6)       smrp - 2023                     $1.6                              $41.6                           1/23-12/23                                                                                                                                   replacement of mains and inclusion of system safety investments.   january 2023
columbia of maryland          stride - 2023                   $1.3                              $18.0                           1/23-12/23                                                                                                                 pipeline upgrades designed to improve public safety or infrastructure reliability.   january 2023
nipsco - electric(7)          tdsic - 1                      $10.4                             $148.5                            6/21-1/22                                                                       new or replacement projects undertaken for the purpose of safety, reliability, system modernization or economic development.   august 2022
nipsco - electric             tdsic - 2                       $6.6                             $143.5                            2/22-7/22                                                                       new or replacement projects undertaken for the purpose of safety, reliability, system modernization or economic development.   february 2023
(1)programs do not include any costs already included in base rates.
(2)the january through march 2021 investments included in these filings are also included in the pending columbia of ohio rate case. the infrastructure filings will be adjusted to reflect the final rate case outcome.
(3)nipsco gas program incremental revenue decreased because of revisions for the rate case compliance filings amounts included in base rates.
(4)nipsco received approval for a new certificate of public convenience and necessity on december 28, 2022 for an additional pipeline safety iii compliance plan, including $235.3m in capital and $34.1m in operation and maintenance expense project investments.
(5) columbia of virginia received a final order on november 1, 2022 modifying the save filing incremental revenue and investments.
(6)columbia of kentucky received an order on december 28, 2022, modifying its 2023 smrp filing by removing recovery of the 2022 investment not recovered as part of the most recently approved rate case. this modification lowered incremental revenue recovered through smrp to $1.6m, a reduction of $3.2m from the original filing.
(7)nipsco filed for a new electric tdsic plan on june 1, 2021. an order approving nipsco's new electric tdsic plan was received on december 28, 2021.
on march 30, 2022, nipsco electric filed a petition with the iurc seeking approval of nipsco's federally mandated costs for closure of michigan city generating station's ccr ash ponds. the project includes a total estimated $40.0 million of federally mandated retirement costs. a final order is expected in the first quarter of 2023. on november 2, 2022, nipsco electric filed a petition with the iurc seeking approval of nipsco's federally mandated costs for closure of r.m. schahfer generation station's multi-cell unit. the project includes a total estimated $53.0 million of federally mandated retirement costs. nipsco is requesting all associated accounting and ratemaking relief, including establishment of a periodic rate adjustment through the fmca mechanism. on february 21, 2023, the indiana court of appeals issued a decision in a case filed by an indiana utility company interpreting a statute authorizing recovery of federally mandated costs, finding that such costs incurred prior to issuance of an order by the iurc are not recoverable as federally mandated costs. if any of nipsco's ccr costs were determined to be not eligible for recovery under the federal mandate mechanism, nipsco would seek recovery through depreciation within base rates. refer to note 19, "other commitments and contingencies - e. environmental matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the ccrs.
refer to note 9, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of regulatory developments during 2022.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
financing activities common stock, preferred stock and equity unit sale. refer to note 13, "equity," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on common stock, preferred stock and equity units activity.
short-term debt. refer to note 16, "short-term borrowings," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on short-term debt.
long-term debt. refer to note 15, "long-term debt," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on long-term debt.
non-controlling interest. refer to note 4, "variable interest entities," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on contributions from noncontrolling interest activity.
sources of liquidity the following table displays our liquidity position as of december 31, 2022 and 2021:
year ended december 31, (in millions)                                  2022              2021
current liquidity revolving credit facility                                      $1,850.0          $1,850.0
accounts receivable programs(1)                                   447.2             251.2
less:
commercial paper                                                  415.0             560.0
accounts receivable programs utilized                             347.2                 -
letters of credit outstanding under credit facility                10.2              18.9
add:
cash and cash equivalents                                          40.8              84.2
net available liquidity                                        $1,565.6          $1,606.5
(1)represents the lesser of the seasonal limit or maximum borrowings supportable by the underlying receivables.
debt covenants. we are subject to a financial covenant under our revolving credit facility and term credit agreement, which requires us to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 70%. as of december 31, 2022, the ratio was 58.9%.
credit ratings. the credit rating agencies periodically review our ratings, taking into account factors such as our capital structure and earnings profile. the following table includes our and nipsco's credit ratings and ratings outlook as of december 31, 2022. there have been no changes to our credit ratings or outlooks since february 2020.
a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization.
s&amp;p                       moody's                       fitch rating         outlook        rating         outlook        rating         outlook nisource                bbb+           stable         baa2           stable         bbb            stable nipsco                  bbb+           stable         baa1           stable         bbb            stable commercial paper        a-2            stable         p-2            stable         f2             stable certain of our subsidiaries have agreements that contain "ratings triggers" that require increased collateral if our credit ratings or the credit ratings of certain of our subsidiaries are below investment grade. these agreements are primarily for insurance purposes and for the physical purchase or sale of power. as of december 31, 2022, a collateral requirement of approximately $85.7 million would be required in the event of a downgrade below investment grade. in addition to agreements with ratings triggers, there are other agreements that contain "adequate assurance" or "material adverse change" provisions that could necessitate additional credit support such as letters of credit and cash collateral to transact business.
equity. our authorized capital stock consists of 620,000,000 shares, $0.01 par value, of which 600,000,000 are common stock and 20,000,000 are preferred stock. as of december 31, 2022, 412,142,602 shares of common stock and 1,302,500 shares of preferred stock were outstanding. for more information regarding our common and preferred stock, see note 13, "equity," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
contractual obligations, cash requirements and off-balance sheet arrangements we have certain contractual obligations requiring payments at specified periods. our material cash requirements are detailed below. we intend to use funds from the liquidity sources referenced above to meet these cash requirements.
at december 31, 2022, we had $1,761.9 million in short-term borrowings outstanding. refer to note 15, "long-term debt," and note 16, "short-term borrowings," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information on long-term debt and short-term borrowings, respectively.
during 2023 and 2024, we expect to make cash payments of $642.2 million and $556.9 million, respectively, related to pipeline service obligations including demand for gas transportation, gas storage and gas purchases.
our expected payments include employer contributions to pension and other postretirement benefits plans expected to be made in 2023. plan contributions beyond 2023 are dependent upon a number of factors, including actual returns on plan assets, which cannot be reliably estimated at this time. in 2023, we expect to make contributions of approximately $2.6 million to our pension plans and approximately $23.7 million to our postretirement medical and life plans. refer to note 12, "pension and other postemployment benefits," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
we cannot reasonably estimate the settlement amounts or timing of cash flows related to certain of our long-term obligations classified as "total other liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets.
we have uncertain income tax positions for which we are unable to predict when the matters will be resolved. refer to note 11, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
nipsco has executed several ppas to purchase 100% of the output from renewable generation facilities at a fixed price per mwh. nipsco has also executed several btas with developers to construct renewable generation facilities. see note 19, "other commitments and contingencies - a. contractual obligations," and note 19, "other commitments and contingencies," - f. "other matters - generation transition," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in addition, we, along with certain of our subsidiaries, enter into various agreements providing financial or performance assurance to third parties on behalf of certain subsidiaries. such agreements include guarantees and stand-by letters of credit.
refer to note 19, "other commitments and contingencies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our contractual obligations over the next 5 years and thereafter and our off-balance sheet arrangements.
market risk disclosures risk is an inherent part of our businesses. the extent to which we properly and effectively identify, assess, monitor and manage each of the various types of risk involved in our businesses is critical to our profitability. we seek to identify, assess, monitor and manage, in accordance with defined policies and procedures, the following principal market risks that are involved in our businesses: commodity price risk, interest rate risk and credit risk. we manage risk through a multi-faceted process with oversight by the risk management committee that requires constant communication, judgment and knowledge of specialized products and markets. our senior management takes an active role in the risk management process and has developed policies and procedures that require specific administrative and business functions to assist in the identification, assessment and control of various risks. these may include, but are not limited to market, operational, financial, compliance and strategic risk types. in recognition of the increasingly varied and complex nature of the energy business, our risk management process, policies and procedures continue to evolve and are subject to ongoing review and modification.
commodity price risk our gas and electric operations have commodity price risk primarily related to the purchases of natural gas and power. to manage this market risk, our subsidiaries use derivatives, including commodity futures contracts, swaps, forwards and options. we do not participate in speculative energy trading activity.
commodity price risk resulting from derivative activities at our rate-regulated subsidiaries is limited and does not bear signification exposure to earnings risk, since our current regulatory mechanisms allow recovery of prudently incurred purchased power, fuel and gas costs through the rate-making process, including gains or losses on these derivative instruments. these changes are included in the gca and fac regulatory rate-recovery mechanisms. if these mechanisms were to be adjusted or eliminated, these subsidiaries may begin providing services without the benefit of the traditional rate-making process and may be more exposed to commodity price risk. for additional information, see "results and discussion of segment operations" in this management's discussion.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
our subsidiaries are required to make cash margin deposits with their brokers to cover actual and potential losses in the value of outstanding exchange traded derivative contracts. the amount of these deposits, some of which is reflected in our restricted cash balance, may fluctuate significantly during periods of high volatility in the energy commodity markets.
refer to note 10, "risk management activities," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information on our commodity price risk assets and liabilities as of december 31, 2022 and 2021.
interest rate risk we are exposed to interest rate risk as a result of changes in interest rates on borrowings under our revolving credit agreement, commercial paper program, term credit agreement and accounts receivable programs, which have interest rates that are indexed to short-term market interest rates. based upon average borrowings and debt obligations subject to fluctuations in short-term market interest rates, an increase (or decrease) in short-term interest rates of 100 basis points (1%) would have increased (or decreased) interest expense by $8.7 million and $3.1 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. we are also exposed to interest rate risk as a result of changes in benchmark rates that can influence the interest rates of future debt issuances. from time to time we may enter into forward interest rate instruments to lock in long term interest costs and/ or rates.
refer to note 10, "risk management activities," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information on our interest rate risk assets and liabilities as of december 31, 2022 and 2021.
credit risk due to the nature of the industry, credit risk is embedded in many of our business activities. our extension of credit is governed by a corporate credit risk policy. in addition, our risk management committee has put guidelines in place which document management approval levels for credit limits, evaluation of creditworthiness, and credit risk mitigation efforts. exposures to credit risks are monitored by the risk management function, which is independent of commercial operations. credit risk arises due to the possibility that a customer, supplier or counterparty will not be able or willing to fulfill its obligations on a transaction on or before the settlement date. for derivative-related contracts, credit risk arises when counterparties are obligated to deliver or purchase defined commodity units of gas or power to us at a future date per execution of contractual terms and conditions. exposure to credit risk is measured in terms of both current obligations and the market value of forward positions net of any posted collateral such as cash and letters of credit.
we evaluate the financial status of our banking partners through the use of market-based metrics such as credit default swap pricing levels, and also through traditional credit ratings provided by major credit rating agencies.
other information critical accounting estimates we apply certain accounting policies in accordance with gaap, which require that we make estimates and judgments that have had, and may continue to have, significant impacts on our operations and consolidated financial statements. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates. we believe the following represent the more significant items requiring the use of judgment in preparing our consolidated financial statements:
basis of accounting for rate-regulated subsidiaries. asc topic 980, regulated operations, provides that rate-regulated subsidiaries account for and report assets and liabilities consistent with the economic effect of the way in which regulators establish rates, if the rates established are designed to recover the costs of providing the regulated service and if the competitive environment makes it probable that such rates can be charged and collected. certain expenses and credits subject to utility regulation or rate determination normally reflected in income are deferred on the consolidated balance sheets and are recognized in income as the related amounts are included in service rates and recovered from or refunded to customers. the total amounts of regulatory assets and liabilities reflected on the consolidated balance sheets were $2,580.8 million and $2,012.6 million at december 31, 2022, and $2,492.2 million and $1,980.0 million at december 31, 2021, respectively. for additional information, refer to note 9, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in the event that regulation significantly changes the opportunity for us to recover our costs in the future, all or a portion of our regulated operations may no longer meet the criteria for the application of asc topic 980, regulated operations. in such event, a write-down of all or a portion of our existing regulatory assets and liabilities could result. if transition cost recovery is approved by the appropriate regulatory bodies that would meet the requirements under gaap for continued accounting as item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
regulatory assets and liabilities during such recovery period, the regulatory assets and liabilities would be reported at the recoverable amounts. if we were unable to continue to apply the provisions of asc topic 980, regulated operations, we would be required to apply the provisions of asc topic 980-20, discontinuation of rate-regulated accounting. in management's opinion, our regulated subsidiaries will be subject to asc topic 980, regulated operations for the foreseeable future.
certain of the regulatory assets reflected on our consolidated balance sheets require specific regulatory action in order to be included in future service rates. although recovery of these amounts is not guaranteed, we believe that these costs meet the requirements for deferral as regulatory assets. if we determine that the amounts included as regulatory assets are no longer probable of recovery, a charge to income would immediately be required to the extent of the unrecoverable amounts.
one of the more significant items recorded through the application of this accounting guidance is the regulatory overlay for jv accounting. the application of hlbv to consolidated vies generally results in the recognition of profit from the related jvs over a time frame that is different from when the regulatory return is earned. in accordance with the principles of asc 980, we have recognized a regulatory deferral of certain amounts representing the timing difference between the profit earned from the jvs and the amount included in regulated rates to recover our approved investments in consolidated jvs. for additional information, refer to note 1, "nature of operations and summary of significant accounting policies - s. vies and allocation of earnings," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
equity unit transaction. we record the series c mandatory convertible preferred stock and forward purchase contracts that comprise the corporate units as a single unit of account and classify the corporate units as equity under the provisions of asc 480 and asc 815. significant judgments regarding the economic linkage between the series c mandatory convertible preferred stock and the forward purchase contracts, as well as the substance of the terms and conditions of the corporate units, were required by management in making these determinations.
the initial classification of the corporate units, whether viewed as a single unit of account or as two freestanding financial instruments, would affect our financial results. if determined to be two units of account, the forward purchase contracts underlying the corporate units would be classified as a derivative and result in impacts to net income through the recognition of interest expense and mark-to-market adjustments. if determined to be one unit of account, the equity classification of the corporate units would have no material impact on net income. each classification has differing impacts to the numerator in the computation of eps.
we consider that there are a small number of similar equity hosted unit structures and that our unit structure is unique. we also consider that the provisions of asc 480 and asc 815 that govern the determination of unit of account are highly complex and that alternate conclusions reached under this guidance would result in materially different financial results. see note 13, "equity," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional details of the equity unit transaction.
pension and postretirement benefits. we have defined benefit plans for both pension and other postretirement benefits. the calculation of the net obligations and annual expense related to the plans requires a significant degree of judgment regarding the discount rates to be used in bringing the liabilities to present value, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, health care trend rates, and mortality rates, among other assumptions. due to the size of the plans and the long-term nature of the associated liabilities, changes in the assumptions used in the actuarial estimates could have material impacts on the measurement of the net obligations and annual expense recognition. differences between actuarial assumptions and actual plan results are deferred into aoci or a regulatory balance sheet account, depending on the jurisdiction of our entity. these deferred gains or losses are then amortized into the income statement when the accumulated differences exceed 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets (known in gaap as the "corridor" method) or when settlement accounting is triggered.
the discount rates, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, health care cost trend rates and mortality rates are critical assumptions. methods used to develop these assumptions are described below. while a third party actuarial firm assists with the development of many of these assumptions, we are ultimately responsible for selecting the final assumptions.
the discount rate is utilized principally in calculating the actuarial present value of pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs. our discount rates for both pension and other postretirement benefits are determined using spot rates along an aa-rated above median yield curve with cash flows matching the expected duration of benefit payments to be made to plan participants.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is a component utilized in calculating annual pension and other item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
postretirement benefit plan costs. we estimate the expected return on plan assets by evaluating expected bond returns, equity risk premiums, target asset allocations, the effects of active plan management, the impact of periodic plan asset rebalancing and historical performance. we also consider the guidance from our investment advisors in making a final determination of our expected rate of return on assets. for measurement of 2022 net periodic benefit cost, we selected a weighted-average assumption of the expected pre-tax long-term rate of return of 4.80% and 5.72% for our pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets, respectively. for measurement of 2023 net periodic benefit cost, we selected a weighted-average assumption of the expected pre-tax long-term rate of return of 7.00% and 6.69% for our pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets, respectively.
we estimate the assumed health care cost trend rate, which is used in determining our other postretirement benefit net expense, based upon our actual health care cost experience, the effects of recently enacted legislation, third-party actuarial surveys and general economic conditions.
we utilize a full yield curve approach to estimate the service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefits by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. for further discussion of our pension and other postretirement benefits, see note 12, "pension and other postemployment benefits," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
typically, we use the society of actuaries' most recently published mortality data in developing a best estimate of mortality as part of the calculation of the pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. we adopted aon's u.s. endemic mortality improvement scale mp-2021, accounting for both the near-term and long-term covid-19 impacts.
the following tables illustrate the effects of changes in these actuarial assumptions while holding all other assumptions constant:
impact on december 31, 2022 projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
change in assumptions (in millions)                                                 pension benefits                                                      other postretirement benefits
+50 basis points change in discount rate                                            $(52.6)                                                                         $(19.2)
-50 basis points change in discount rate                                            56.7                                                                               20.8
impact on 2022 expense increase/(decrease)(1)
change in assumptions (in millions)                                                 pension benefits                                                      other postretirement benefits
+50 basis points change in discount rate                                            $(1.7)                                                                             $0.5
-50 basis points change in discount rate                                            1.9                                                                                 0.8
+50 basis points change in expected long-term rate of return on plan assets         (9.2)                                                                             (1.5)
-50 basis points change in expected long-term rate of return on plan assets         9.2                                                                                 1.5
(1)before labor capitalization and regulatory deferrals.
goodwill and other intangible assets. we have six goodwill reporting units, comprised of the six state operating companies within the gas distribution operations reportable segment. our goodwill assets at december 31, 2022 were $1,486 million, most of which resulted from the acquisition of columbia on november 1, 2000.
as required by gaap, we test for impairment of goodwill on an annual basis and on an interim basis when events or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. our annual goodwill test takes place in the second quarter of each year and was performed on may 1, 2022. a qualitative ("step 0") test was completed on may 1, 2022 for all reporting units. in the step 0 analysis, we assessed various assumptions, events and circumstances that would have affected the estimated fair value of the applicable reporting units as compared to the baseline "step 1" fair value measurement performed may 1, 2020. the results of this assessment indicated that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value of the reporting units substantially exceeded the related carrying values of our reporting units; therefore, no "step 1" analysis was required and no impairment charges were indicated. since the annual evaluation, there have been no indications that the fair values of the goodwill reporting units have decreased below the carrying values.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
as noted above, application of the qualitative goodwill impairment test requires evaluating various events and circumstances to determine whether it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. although we believe all relevant factors were considered in the qualitative impairment analysis to reach the conclusion that goodwill is not impaired, significant changes in any one of the assumptions could potentially result in the recording of an impairment that could have significant impacts on the consolidated financial statements.
see note 7, "goodwill," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
unbilled revenue. we record utility operating revenues when energy is delivered to our customers. however, the determination of energy sales to individual customers is based upon the reading of their meters, which occurs on a systematic basis throughout the month. at the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of their last meter reading are estimated and corresponding unbilled revenues are calculated. this unbilled revenue is estimated each month based upon historical usage, customer rates and weather. as of december 31, 2022 we recorded $453.0 million of customer accounts receivable for unbilled revenue. significant fluctuations in energy demand for the unbilled period or changes in the composition of customer classes could impact the accuracy of the unbilled revenue estimate. refer to note 3, "revenue recognition," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our significant judgments and estimates related to unbilled revenue recognition.
income taxes. the consolidated income tax provision and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, as well as any unrecognized tax benefits and valuation allowances, require use of estimates and significant management judgement. although we believe that current estimates for deferred tax assets and liabilities are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates for a variety of reasons, including reasonable projections of taxable income, the ability and intent to implement tax planning strategies if necessary, and interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations across multiple taxing jurisdictions. ultimate resolution or clarification of income tax matters may result in favorable or unfavorable impacts to net income and cash flows, and adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities could be material.
we account for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. we evaluate each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of tax benefits to be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. at december 31, 2022 we had $21.7 million of unrecognized tax benefits. changes in these unrecognized tax benefits may result from remeasurement of amounts expected to be realized, settlements with tax authorities and expiration of statutes of limitations.
valuation allowances against deferred tax assets are recorded when we conclude it is more likely than not such asset will not be realized in future periods. accounting for income taxes also requires that only tax benefits for positions taken or expected to be taken on tax returns that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold can be recognized or continue to be recognized. we evaluate each position solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming that the position will be examined by a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine recognition thresholds and the related amount of tax benefits to be recognized. at december 31, 2022, we had established $7.8 million of valuation allowances related to certain state nol carryforwards. refer to note 11, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
recently issued accounting pronouncements refer to note 2, "recent accounting pronouncements," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
