item 1a - risk factors nrg's risk factors are grouped into the following categories: (i) risks related to the proposed acquisition of vivint; (ii) risks related to the operation of nrg's business; (iii) risks related to governmental regulation and laws; (iv) risks related to economic and financial market conditions, and the company's indebtedness; and (v) risks related to public health threats.
risks related to the proposed acquisition of vivint if completed, the acquisition of vivint may not achieve its intended results.
the company entered into the purchase agreement with the expectation that the acquisition would result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. achieving the anticipated benefits of the acquisition is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the businesses of nrg and vivint are integrated in an efficient and effective manner. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, lower-than-expected revenues or income generated by the combined company and diversion of management's time and energy and could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial results and prospects.
the company will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the acquisition of vivint is pending that could adversely affect its financial results.
uncertainty about the effects of the acquisition of vivint on employees, customers and suppliers may have an adverse effect on nrg's business. although the company intends to take steps designed to reduce any adverse effects, these uncertainties may impair its ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the acquisition is completed and for a period of time thereafter, and could cause customers, suppliers and others to seek to change existing business relationships.
employee retention and recruitment may be particularly challenging prior to the completion of the acquisition, as employees and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company. if, despite the company's retention and recruiting efforts, key employees depart or fail to accept employment with nrg because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with the combined company, the company's financial results could be affected.
the pursuit of the acquisition and the preparation for the integration of nrg and vivint may place a significant burden on management and internal resources. the diversion of management attention away from ongoing business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, the company has agreed not to take any actions that would materially delay the satisfaction of any of the closing conditions to the transaction or prevent any of those conditions from being satisfied. this restriction on the company's actions may prevent it from pursuing otherwise attractive business opportunities or making other changes to its business prior to the completion of the acquisition or termination of the merger agreement.
risks related to the operation of nrg's business nrg's financial performance may be impacted by price fluctuations in the retail and wholesale power and natural gas markets, as well as fluctuations in coal and oil markets and other market factors that are beyond the company's control.
market prices for power, capacity, ancillary services, natural gas, coal and oil are unpredictable and tend to fluctuate substantially. electric power generally must be produced concurrently with its use. as a result, power prices are subject to significant volatility due to supply and demand imbalances, especially in the day-ahead and spot markets. long and short-term power and gas prices may also fluctuate substantially due to other factors outside of the company's control, including:
•changes in generation capacity in the company's markets, including the addition of new supplies of power as a result of the development of new plants, expansion of existing plants, the continued operation of uneconomic power plants due to state subsidies, retirement of existing plants or addition of new transmission capacity;
•environmental regulations and legislation;
•electric supply disruptions, including plant outages and transmission disruptions;
•changes in power and gas transmission infrastructure;
•fuel price volatility and transportation capacity constraints or inefficiencies;
•changes in law, including judicial decisions;
•weather conditions, including extreme weather conditions and seasonal fluctuations, including the effects of climate change;
•changes in commodity prices and the supply of commodities, including but not limited to natural gas, coal and oil;
•changes in the demand for power or gas, or in patterns of power or gas usage, including the potential development of demand-side management tools and practices, distributed generation, and more efficient end-use technologies;
•development of new fuels, new technologies and new forms of competition for the production of power;
•economic and political conditions;
•federal, state and provincial power regulations and legislation, and regulations and actions of the iso and rtos;
•changes in prices related to recs; and
•changes in capacity prices and capacity markets.
while retail rates are generally designed to allow retail sellers of electricity and natural gas to pass through price fluctuations and other changes to costs, the company may not be able to pass through all such changes to customers. for example, serving retail power customers in isos that have a capacity market exposes the company to the risk that capacity costs can change and may not be recoverable, or the company may engage in sales of power at fixed prices. additionally, increases in wholesale costs to retail customers may cause additional customer defaults or increased customer attrition, or may be impacted by regulatory rules.
further, in low natural gas price environments, natural gas can be the more cost-competitive fuel compared to coal for generating electricity. the company enters into guaranteed supply contracts to provide for the amount of coal needed to operate its base load coal-fired generating facilities. the company may experience periods where it holds excess amounts of coal if fuel pricing results in the company reducing or idling coal-fired generating facilities. in addition, the company may incur costs to terminate supply contracts for coal in excess of its generating requirements.
such factors and the associated fluctuations in power prices have affected the company's wholesale and retail profitability in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future.
volatile power and gas supply costs and demand for power and gas could adversely affect the financial performance of nrg's retail operations.
nrg's retail power operations purchase a significant portion of their supply from third parties. all of the gas sold by the company in retail and wholesale markets is purchased from third parties. as a result, financial performance depends on the ability to obtain adequate supplies of power and gas from third parties at prices below the prices nrg charges its customers. consequently, the company's earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected in any period in which the wholesale power or gas prices rise at a greater rate than the rates the company can charge to customers. the price of wholesale electricity and gas supply purchases associated with the retail operations' energy commitments can be different than that reflected in the rates charged to customers due to, among other factors:
•varying supply procurement contracts used and the timing of entering into related contracts;
•subsequent changes in the overall price of natural gas;
•daily, monthly or seasonal fluctuations in the price of natural gas relative to the 12-month forward prices;
•transmission and transportation constraints and the company's ability to move power or gas to its customers; and
•changes in market heat rate (i.e., the relationship between power and natural gas prices).
the company's earnings and cash flows could also be adversely affected in any period in which its customers' actual usage of electricity or gas significantly varies from the forecasted usage, which could occur due to, among other factors, weather events, changes in usage patterns, competition and economic conditions.
substantially all of nrg's businesses operates, wholly or partially, without long-term power sale agreements.
many of nrg's retail customers are contracted for a period of one year or less, and nrg may or may not hedge its retail power sales exposure, or may hedge in a manner that is not effective at managing quantity or price risk in the retail market. in addition, many of nrg's generation facilities are exposed to market risk because they operate as "merchant" facilities without long-term power sales agreements for some or all of their generating capacity and output. without the benefit of long-term power sales or purchase agreements, and without long-term load obligations, nrg cannot be sure that it will be able to sell or purchase power at commercially attractive rates or that its generation facilities will be able to operate profitably. this could lead to future impairments of the company's property, plants and equipment, the closing of certain of its facilities or the loss of retail customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
competition may have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and the market value of its assets.
nrg has numerous competitors in all aspects of its business, and additional competitors may enter the industry. the company's retail operations specifically face competition for customers. competitors may offer different products, lower prices, and other incentives which may attract customers away from the company. in some retail electricity markets, the principal competitor may be the incumbent utility. the incumbent utility has the advantage of long-standing relationships with its customers and strong brand recognition. furthermore, nrg may face competition from other energy service providers, other energy industry participants, or nationally branded providers of consumer products and services, who may develop businesses that will compete with nrg.
the company's plant operations face competition from newer or more efficient plants owned by competitors, which may put some of the company's plants at a disadvantage to the extent these competitors are able to consume the same or less fuel as the company's plant. over time, the company's plants may be unable to compete with these more efficient plants, which could result in retirements.
nrg's competitors may have greater liquidity, greater access to credit and other financial resources, lower cost structures, more effective risk management policies and procedures, greater ability to incur losses, longer-standing relationships with customers, greater brand awareness, greater potential for profitability from retail sales or greater flexibility in the timing of their sale of generation capacity and ancillary services than nrg does. competitors may also have better access to subsidies or other out-of-market payments that put nrg at a competitive disadvantage.
nrg's competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new laws or regulations or emerging technologies, or devote greater resources to marketing of retail energy than nrg can. in addition, current and potential competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties. accordingly, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among current and new competitors may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share.
there can be no assurance that nrg will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and any failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
nrg's costs, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely impacted by disruption of its fuel supplies.
nrg relies on natural gas, coal and oil to fuel a majority of its power generation facilities. grid operations depend on the continuing financial viability of contractual counterparties, as well as the infrastructure (including rail lines, rail cars, barge facilities, roadways, riverways and natural gas pipelines) available to serve generation facilities and to ensure that there is sufficient power produced to meet retail demand. as a result, the company's wholesale generation facilities are subject to the risks of disruptions or curtailments in the production of power at its generation facilities if no fuel is available at any price, if a counterparty fails to perform or if there is a disruption in the fuel delivery infrastructure.
nrg routinely hedges both its wholesale sales and purchases to support its retail load obligations. in order to hedge these obligations, the company may enter into long-term and short-term contracts for the purchase and delivery of fuel. many of the forward power sales contracts do not allow the company to pass through changes in fuel costs or discharge the power sale obligations in the case of a disruption in fuel supply due to force majeure events or the default of a fuel supplier or transporter. disruptions in the company's fuel supplies or power supply arrangements may therefore require it to find alternative fuel sources at higher costs, to find other sources of power to deliver to retail customers or other counterparties at a higher cost, or to pay damages to counterparties for failure to deliver power or sell electricity or natural gas as contracted. any such event could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance.
nrg also buys significant quantities of energy and fuel on a short-term or spot market basis. prices sometimes rise or fall significantly over a relatively short period of time. the price nrg can obtain for the sale of energy may not rise at the same rate, or may not rise at all, to match a rise in fuel or delivery costs. retail rates may also not rise at the same rate or may not rise at all. this may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance.
nrg's plant operating characteristics and equipment, particularly at its coal-fired plants, often dictate the specific fuel quality to be combusted. the availability and price of specific fuel qualities may vary due to supplier financial or operational disruptions, transportation disruptions and force majeure. at times, coal of specific quality may not be available at any price or the company may not be able to transport such coal to its facilities on a timely basis. in this case, the company may not be able to run the coal facility even if it would be profitable. operating a coal facility with different quality coal can lead to emission or operating problems. if the company had sold forward the power from such a coal facility, it could be required to supply or purchase power from alternate sources, perhaps at a loss. this could have a material adverse impact on the financial results of specific plants and on the company's results of operations.
there may be periods when nrg will not be able to meet its commitments under forward sale or purchase obligations at a reasonable cost or at all.
the company may sell fixed price gas as a proxy for power. because the obligations under most of the company's forward sale agreements are not contingent on a unit being available to generate power, nrg is generally required to deliver power to the buyer, even in the event of a plant outage, fuel supply disruption or a reduction in the available capacity of the unit. to the extent that the company does not have sufficient lower-cost capacity to meet its commitments under its forward sale obligations, the company would be required to supply replacement power either by running its other, higher cost power plants or by obtaining power from third-party sources at market prices that could substantially exceed the contract price. if nrg fails to deliver the contracted power, it would be required to pay the difference between the market price at the delivery point and the contract price, and the amount of such payments could be substantial.
nrg's trading operations and use of hedging agreements could result in financial losses that negatively impact its results of operations, and nrg's hedging activities may increase the volatility in the company's quarterly and annual financial results.
the company typically enters into hedging agreements, including contracts to purchase or sell commodities at future dates and at fixed prices, to manage the commodity price risks inherent in its business. the company's risk management policies and hedging procedures may not mitigate risk as planned, and the company may fail to fully or effectively hedge its commodity supply and price risk. in addition, these activities, although intended to mitigate price volatility, expose the company to other risks. when the company sells or buys power or gas forward, it gives up the opportunity to buy or sell at the future price, which not only may result in lost opportunity costs but also may require the company to post significant amounts of cash collateral or other credit support to its counterparties. the company also relies on counterparty performance under its hedging agreements and is exposed to the credit quality of its counterparties under those agreements. further, if the values of the financial contracts change in a manner that the company does not anticipate, or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract, it could harm the company's business, operating results or financial position.
nrg does not typically hedge the entire exposure of its operations against commodity price volatility. to the extent it does not hedge against commodity price volatility, the company's results of operations and financial position may be improved or diminished based upon movement in commodity prices.
nrg may engage in trading activities, including the trading of power, fuel and emissions allowances that are not directly related to the operation of the company's generation facilities or the management of related risks. these trading activities take place in volatile markets and some of these trades could be characterized as speculative. the company would expect to settle these trades financially rather than through the production of power or the delivery of fuel. this trading activity may expose the company to the risk of significant financial losses which could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition.
nrg generally attempts to balance its fixed-price physical and financial purchases and sales commitments in terms of contract volumes and the timing of performance and delivery obligations through the use of financial and physical derivative contracts. these derivatives are accounted for in accordance with the fasb asc 815, derivatives and hedging ("asc 815"), which requires the company to record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value with changes in the fair value resulting from fluctuations in the underlying commodity prices immediately recognized in earnings, unless the derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment or a scope exception. as a result, the company's quarterly and annual results are subject to significant fluctuations caused by changes in market prices.
nrg may not have sufficient liquidity to hedge market risks effectively.
the company is exposed to market risks through its retail and wholesale operations, which involve the purchase of electricity and natural gas for resale, the sale of energy, capacity and related products, and the purchase and sale of fuel, transmission services and emission allowances. these market risks include, among other risks, volatility arising from location and timing differences that may be associated with buying and transporting fuel, converting fuel into energy and delivering energy to a buyer.
nrg undertakes these market activities through agreements with various counterparties. many of the company's agreements with counterparties include provisions that require the company to provide guarantees, offset or netting arrangements, letters of credit, a first lien on assets and/or cash collateral to protect the counterparties against the risk of the company's default or insolvency. the amount of such credit support that must be provided typically is based on the difference between the price of the commodity in a given contract and the market price of the commodity. significant movements in market prices can result in the company being required to provide cash collateral and letters of credit in very large amounts. the effectiveness of the company's strategy may depend on the amount of collateral available to enter into or maintain these contracts, and liquidity requirements may be greater than the company anticipates or will be able to meet. without a sufficient amount of working capital to post as collateral in support of performance guarantees or as a cash margin, the company may not be able to manage price volatility effectively or to implement its strategy. an increase in the amount of letters of credit or cash collateral required to be provided to the company's counterparties may negatively affect the company's liquidity and financial condition.
further, if retail customers use more power or gas than expected, or if any of nrg's facilities experience unplanned outages, the company may be required to procure additional power or gas at spot market prices to fulfill contractual commitments. without adequate liquidity to meet margin and collateral requirements, the company may be exposed to significant losses, may miss significant opportunities, and may have increased exposure to the volatility of spot markets.
nrg relies on storage, transportation assets and suppliers, which it does not own or control, to deliver natural gas.
the company depends on natural gas pipelines and other transportation and storage facilities owned and operated by third parties to deliver natural gas to wholesale and retail markets and to provide retail energy services to customers. the company's ability to provide natural gas for its present and projected customers will depend upon its suppliers' ability to obtain and deliver supplies of natural gas, as well as nrg's ability to acquire supplies directly from new sources. factors beyond the control of the company and its suppliers may affect the company's ability to deliver such supplies. these factors include other parties' control over the drilling of new wells and the facilities to transport natural gas to the company's receipt points, development of additional interstate pipeline infrastructure, availability of supply sources competition for the acquisition of natural gas, priority allocations, impact of severe weather disruptions to natural gas supplies and the regulatory and pricing policies of federal and state regulatory agencies, as well as the availability of canadian reserves for export to the u.s. energy deregulation legislation may increase competition among natural gas utilities and impact the quantities of natural gas requirements needed for sales service. if supply, transportation or storage is disrupted, including for reasons of force majeure, the ability of the company to sell and deliver its products and services may be hindered. as a result, the company may be responsible for damages incurred by its customers, such as the additional cost of acquiring alternative supply at then-current market rates. these conditions could have a material impact on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
operation of power generation facilities involves significant risks and hazards customary to the power industry that could have a material adverse effect on nrg's revenues and results of operations, and nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover these risks and hazards.
the ongoing operation of nrg's facilities involves risks that include the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency and the inability to transport the company's products to its customers in an efficient manner due to a lack of transmission capacity. unplanned outages of generating units, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the company's business. unplanned outages typically increase the company's operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce the company's revenues as a result of selling fewer mwh or incurring non-performance penalties and/or require nrg to incur significant costs as a result of obtaining replacement power from third parties in the open market or running one of its higher cost units to satisfy the company's forward power sales obligations. nrg's inability to operate the company's plants efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs, and generate earnings and cash flow from the company's asset-based businesses could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
in addition, nrg provides plant operations and commercial services to a variety of third parties. there is a risk that mistakes, mis-operations, or actions taken by these third parties could be attributed to nrg, including the risk of investigation or penalties being assessed to nrg in connection with the services it offers, or that regulators could question whether nrg had the appropriate safeguards in place.
power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. in addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, hurricane and wind, other hazards, such as fire, explosion, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in the company's operations. these and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. the occurrence of any one of these events may result in nrg being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/or penalties.
nrg maintains an amount of insurance protection that it considers adequate, obtains warranties from vendors and obligates contractors to meet certain performance levels, but the company cannot provide any assurance that these measures will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which it may be subject. a successful claim for which the company is not adequately insured or protected could hurt its financial results and materially harm nrg's financial condition. nrg cannot provide any assurance that its insurance coverage will continue to be available at all or at rates or on terms similar to those presently available. any losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
supplier and/or customer concentration may expose the company to significant financial credit or performance risks.
nrg often relies on a single contracted supplier or a small number of suppliers for the provision and transportation of fuel, chemicals and other services required for the operation of certain of its facilities. if these suppliers cannot perform these services, the company utilizes the marketplace. there can be no assurance that the marketplace can provide these services as, when and where required or at comparable prices.
the company may also hedge a portion of its exposure to power and fuel price fluctuations through various physical or financial agreements with counterparties. counterparties to these agreements may breach or may be unable to perform their obligations, and in case of renewable generation, such counterparties may be subject to additional risks, such as facility development and transmission risks, unfavorable weather and atmospheric conditions, and mechanical or operational failures. nrg may not be able to enter into replacement agreements on terms as favorable as its existing agreements, or at all. if the company is unable to enter into replacement purchase agreements or other replacement hedging agreements, the company would be exposed to market price volatility and the risk that fuel and transportation may not be available during certain periods at any price.
the failure of any supplier or customer to fulfill its contractual obligations to nrg could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial results. consequently, the financial performance of the company's facilities is dependent on the credit quality of, and continued performance by, suppliers and customers.
maintenance, expansion and refurbishment of power generation facilities involve significant risks that could result in unplanned power outages or reduced output and could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
nrg's facilities require periodic maintenance and repair. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages or any unanticipated capital expenditures could result in reduced profitability.
nrg cannot be certain of the level of capital expenditures that will be required due to changing environmental and safety laws (including changes in the interpretation or enforcement thereof), needed facility repairs and unexpected events (such as natural disasters or terrorist attacks). the unexpected requirement of large capital expenditures could have a material adverse effect on the company's liquidity and financial condition.
nrg and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third parties, which may result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance.
nrg and its subsidiaries have issued certain guarantees of the performance of others, which obligate nrg and its subsidiaries to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. in the event of non-performance by the third parties, nrg could incur substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. such performance guarantees could have a material impact on the operating results, financial condition, or cash flows of the company.
nrg relies on power transmission and distribution facilities that it does not own or control and that are subject to transmission constraints within a number of the company's core regions.
nrg depends on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by others to deliver power to its customers. if transmission or distribution is disrupted, including by force majeure events, or if the transmission or distribution infrastructure is inadequate, nrg's ability to deliver power may be adversely impacted. the company also cannot predict whether transmission or distribution facilities will be expanded in specific markets to accommodate competitive access to those markets.
in addition, in certain of the markets in which nrg operates, energy transmission congestion may occur and the company may be deemed responsible for congestion costs associated with power sales or purchases, or retail sales, particularly where the company's load is not co-located with its retail sales obligations. if nrg were liable for such congestion costs, the company's financial results could be adversely affected.
rates and terms for service of certain residential and commercial customers in alberta are subject to regulatory review and approval.
the company owns direct energy regulated services, which serves as a regulated rate supplier for residential and commercial energy customers in portions of the province of alberta. it is required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for sales of power and natural gas. these proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but also have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. the potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for the company to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. established rates are also subject to subsequent reviews by regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or disallowed. in certain instances, the company could agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters and other cost recovery elements. these settlements are subject to regulatory approval. the ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the company to recover its costs or earn an adequate return. in addition, subsequent legislative or regulatory action could alter the terms on which the regulated business operates and future earnings could be negatively impacted. the company also operates a competitive energy supply business in alberta that is not subject to rate regulation and is subject to stringent requirements to segregate operations and information relating to the competitive business from the regulated business. failure to comply with these and other requirements on the business could subject the company's regulated and competitive businesses in alberta to fines, penalties, and restrictions on the ability to continue business.
because nrg owns less than a majority of the ownership interests of some of its project investments, the company cannot exercise complete control over their operations.
nrg has limited control over the operation of some project investments and joint ventures because the company's investments are in projects where it beneficially owns less than a majority of the ownership interests. nrg seeks to exert a degree of influence with respect to the management and operation of projects in which it owns less than a majority of the ownership interests by negotiating to obtain positions on management committees or to receive certain limited governance rights, such as rights to veto significant actions. however, the company may not always succeed in such negotiations. nrg may be dependent on its co-venturers to operate such projects. the company's co-venturers may not have the level of experience, technical expertise, human resources management or other attributes necessary to operate these projects optimally. the approval of co-venturers also may be required for nrg to receive distributions of funds from projects or to transfer the company's interest in projects.
nrg may be unable to integrate the operations of acquired entities in the manner expected.
nrg enters into acquisitions that result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. achieving the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions depends on whether the businesses can be integrated into nrg in an efficient and effective manner. the integration process could take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of valuable employees, the disruption of nrg's businesses, processes and systems or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies and compensation arrangements, any of which could divert the attention of management and adversely affect the company's ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. nrg may have difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs or decreases in the amount of expected revenues and could adversely affect nrg's future business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.
future acquisition or disposition activities could involve unknown risks and may have materially adverse effects and nrg may be subject to trailing liabilities from businesses that it disposes of or that are inactive.
nrg may in the future acquire or dispose of businesses or assets, acquire or sell books of retail customers, or pursue other business activities, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, that involve a number of risks. the acquisition of companies and assets is subject to substantial risks, including the failure to identify material problems during due diligence, the risk of over-paying for assets or customers, the inability to retain customers and the inability to arrange financing for an acquisition as may be required or desired. further, the integration and consolidation of acquisitions requires substantial human, financial and other resources and, ultimately, the company's acquisitions may not be successfully integrated. in the case of dispositions, such risks may relate to employment matters, counterparties, regulators and other stakeholders in the disposed business, the separation of disposed assets from nrg's business, the management of nrg's ongoing business, and other financial, legal and operational matters related to such disposition, which may be unknown to nrg at the time. in addition, nrg may be subject to material trailing liabilities from disposed businesses. any such risk may result in one or more costly disputes or litigation. there can be no assurances that any future acquisitions will perform as expected or that the returns from such acquisitions will support the indebtedness incurred to acquire them or the capital expenditures needed to develop them. there can also be no assurances that nrg will realize the anticipated benefits from any such dispositions. the failure to realize the anticipated returns or benefits from an acquisition or disposition could adversely affect nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
the operation of the company's businesses is subject to advanced persistent cyber-based security threats and integrity risk. attacks on nrg's infrastructure that breach cyber/data security measures could expose the company to significant liabilities, reputational damage, regulatory action, and disrupt business operations, which could have a material adverse effect.
numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of nrg's businesses depend on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems, much of which is connected (directly or indirectly) to the internet. as a result, nrg's information technology systems and infrastructure, and those of its vendors and suppliers, are susceptible to cyber-based security threats which could compromise confidentiality, integrity or availability. while the company has controls in place designed to protect its infrastructure, such breaches and threats are becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, requiring continuing evolution of its program. any such breach, disruption or similar event that impairs nrg's information technology infrastructure could disrupt normal business operations and affect the company's ability to control its generation assets, maintain confidentiality, availability and integrity of restricted data, access retail customer information and limit communication with third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on the company.
as part of the continuing development of new and modified reliability standards, the ferc has approved changes to its critical infrastructure protection reliability standards and has established standards for assets identified as "critical cyber assets." under the energy policy act of 2005, the ferc can impose penalties (up to $1 million per day, per violation) for failure to comply with mandatory electric reliability standards, including standards to protect the power system against potential disruptions from cyber/data and physical security breaches.
further, the company's retail business requires accessing, collecting, storing and transmitting sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business. concerns about data privacy have led to increased regulation and other actions that could impact nrg's businesses and changes in data privacy and data protection laws and regulations or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations could adversely affect the company's business and financial results. nrg's retail business may need to provide sensitive customer data to vendors and service providers who require access to this information in order to provide services, such as call center operations, to the retail business.
although the company takes precautions to protect its infrastructure, it has been, and will likely continue to be, subject to attempts at phishing and other cybersecurity intrusions. international conflict increases the risk of state-sponsored cyber threats and escalated use of cybercriminal and cyber-espionage activities. in particular, the current geopolitical climate has further escalated cybersecurity risk, with various government agencies, including the u.s. cybersecurity & infrastructure security agency, issuing warnings of increased cyber threats, particularly for u.s. critical infrastructure. while the company has not experienced a cyber/data event causing any material operational, reputational or financial impact, it recognizes the growing threat within the general marketplace and the industry, and there is no assurance that nrg will be able to prevent any such impacts in the future. if a material breach of the company's information technology systems were to occur, the critical operational capabilities and reputation of its business may be adversely affected, customer confidence may be diminished, and nrg may be subject to substantial legal or regulatory scrutiny and claims, any of which may contribute to potential legal or regulatory actions against the company, loss of customers and otherwise have a material adverse effect. any loss or disruption of critical operational capabilities to support the company's generation, commercial or retail operations, loss of customers, or loss of confidential or proprietary data through a breach, unauthorized access, disruption, misuse or disclosure could adversely affect nrg's reputation, expose the company to material legal or regulatory claims and impair the company's ability to execute its business strategy, which could have a material adverse effect. in addition, nrg may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for its information technology infrastructure. nrg cannot provide any assurance that such events and impacts will not be material in the future, and the company's efforts to deter, identify and mitigate future breaches may require additional significant capital and may not be successful.
negative publicity may damage nrg's reputation or its brands.
nrg's reputation and brands could be damaged for numerous reasons, including negative views of the company's environmental impact, sustainability goals, supply chain practices, product and service offerings, sponsorship relationships, charitable giving programs and public statements made by company officials. the company may also experience criticism or backlash from media, customers, employees, government entities, advocacy groups and other stakeholders that disagree with positions taken by the company or its executives. if the company's brands or reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, and ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees.
risks that are beyond nrg's control, including but not limited to acts of terrorism or related acts of war, natural disaster or other catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
nrg's generation facilities and the facilities of third parties on which they rely may be targets of terrorist activities, as well as events occurring in response to or in connection with such activities, all of which could cause environmental repercussions and/or result in full or partial disruption of the facilities ability to generate, transmit, transport or distribute electricity or natural gas. strategic targets, such as energy-related facilities, may be at greater risk of future terrorist activities than other domestic targets. any such environmental repercussions or disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs beyond what could be recovered through insurance policies, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, significant weather events or terrorist actions could damage or shut down the power or gas transmission and distribution facilities upon which the company is dependent, which may reduce retail volume for extended periods of time. power or gas supply may be sold at a loss if these events cause a significant loss of retail customer demand.
the company has made investments, and may continue to make investments, in new business initiatives predominantly focused on consumer products and in markets that may not be successful, may not achieve the intended financial results or may result in product liability and reputational risk that could adversely affect the company.
nrg continues to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive energy value chain. such initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the diligence performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market.
as part of these initiatives, the company may be liable to customers for any damage caused to customers' homes, facilities, belongings or property during the installation of company products and systems, such as home back-up generators and residential hvac system repairs, installation and replacements. where such work is performed by independent contractors, such as repairs performed under the company's home warranty and protection plan products, the company may nonetheless face claims and costs for damage. in addition, shortages of skilled labor for company projects could significantly delay a project or otherwise increase its costs. the products that the company sells or manufactures may expose the company to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or environmental or property damage, and may require product recalls or other actions. although the company maintains liability insurance, the company cannot be certain that its coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to the company on economically reasonable terms, or at all. further, any product liability claim or damage caused by the company could significantly impair the company's brand and reputation, which may result in a failure to maintain customers and achieve the company's desired growth initiatives in these new businesses.
changes in technology may impair the value of nrg's power plants and the attractiveness of its retail products, and the company may potentially be affected by emerging technologies that may over time affect change in capacity markets and the energy industry overall with the inclusion of distributed generation and clean technology.
research and development activities are ongoing in the industry to provide alternative and more efficient technologies to produce power, including wind, photovoltaic (solar) cells, hydrogen, energy storage, and improvements in traditional technologies and equipment, such as more efficient gas turbines. advances in these or other technologies could reduce the costs of power production to a level below what the company has currently forecasted, which could adversely affect its cash flows, results of operations or competitive position. technology, including distributed technology or changes in retail rate structures, may also have a material impact on the company's ability to retain retail customers.
some emerging technologies, such as distributed renewable energy technologies, broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles and energy storage devices, could affect the price of energy. these emerging technologies may affect the financial viability of utility counterparties and could have significant impacts on wholesale market prices, which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
nrg's business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by strikes or work stoppages by its unionized employees or inability to replace employees as they retire.
as of december 31, 2022, approximately 12% of nrg's employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. in the event that the company's union employees strike, participate in a work stoppage or slowdown or engage in other forms of labor strife or disruption, nrg would be responsible for procuring replacement labor or the company could experience reduced power generation or outages. although nrg's ability to procure such labor is uncertain, contingency staffing planning is completed as part of each respective contract negotiation. strikes, work stoppages or the inability to negotiate future collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, a number of the company's employees at nrg's plants are close to retirement. the company's inability to replace retiring workers could create potential knowledge and expertise gaps as such workers retire.
risks related to governmental regulation and laws nrg's business is subject to substantial energy regulation and may be adversely affected by legislative or regulatory changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future energy regulations or requirements.
nrg's business is subject to extensive u.s. federal, state and local laws and foreign laws. compliance with, or changes to, the requirements under these legal regimes may cause the company to incur significant additional costs, reduce the company's ability to hedge exposure or to sell retail power within certain states or to certain classes of retail customers, or restrict the company's marketing practices, its ability to pass through costs to retail customers, or its ability to compete on favorable terms with competitors, including the incumbent utility. retail competition and home warranty services are regulated on a state-by-state or at the province-by-province level and are highly dependent on state and provincial laws, regulations and policies, which could change at any moment. failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of a non-complying facility, the imposition of liens, fines, and/or civil or criminal liability.
public utilities under the fpa are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity. except for ercot generation facilities and power marketers, all of nrg's non-qualifying facility generating companies and power marketing affiliates in the u.s. make sales of electricity in interstate commerce and are public utilities for purposes of the fpa. ferc has granted each of nrg's generating and power marketing companies that make sales of electricity outside of ercot the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates. ferc's orders that grant nrg's generating and power marketing companies market-based rate authority reserve the right to revoke or revise that authority if ferc subsequently determines that nrg can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry, or engage in abusive affiliate transactions. in addition, nrg's market-based sales are subject to certain market behavior rules, and if any of nrg's generating and power marketing companies were deemed to have violated those rules, they are subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation and/or suspension or revocation of their market-based rate authority. if nrg's generating and power marketing companies were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules. this could have a material adverse effect on the rates nrg charges for power from its facilities.
substantially all of the company's generation assets are also subject to the reliability standards promulgated by the designated electric reliability organization (currently nerc) and approved by ferc. if nrg fails to comply with the mandatory reliability standards, nrg could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties and increased compliance obligations. nrg is also affected by legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes to market design, market rules, tariffs, cost allocations, and bidding rules that occur in the existing isos. the isos that oversee most of the wholesale power markets impose, and in the future may continue to impose, mitigation, including price limitations, offer caps, non-performance penalties and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility and the potential exercise of market power in these markets. these types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may have a material adverse effect on the profitability of nrg's generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets.
the regulatory environment is subject to significant changes due to state and federal policies affecting wholesale and retail competition and the creation of incentives for the addition of large amounts of new renewable generation and, in some cases, transmission. these changes are ongoing, and the company cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on nrg's business. in addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market design changes. if competitive restructuring of the electric power markets is reversed, discontinued, or delayed, the company's business prospects and financial results could be negatively impacted. in addition, there have been a number of reforms to the regulation of the derivatives markets, both in the united states and internationally. these regulations, and any further changes thereto, or adoption of additional regulations, including any regulations relating to position limits on futures and other derivatives or margin for derivatives, could negatively impact nrg's ability to hedge its portfolio in an efficient, cost-effective manner by, among other things, potentially decreasing liquidity in the forward commodity and derivatives markets or limiting nrg's ability to utilize non-cash collateral for derivatives transactions.
nrg's business may be affected by interference in the competitive wholesale marketplace.
nrg's generation and competitive retail operations rely on a competitive wholesale marketplace. the competitive wholesale marketplace may be impacted by out-of-market subsidies, including bailouts of uneconomic nuclear plants, imports of power from canada, renewable mandates or subsidies, mandates to sell power below its cost of acquisition and associated costs as well as out-of-market payments to new or existing generators. these out-of-market subsidies to existing or new generation undermine the competitive wholesale marketplace, which can lead to premature retirement of existing facilities, including those owned by the company. if these measures continue, capacity and energy prices may be suppressed, and the company may not be successful in its efforts to insulate the competitive market from this interference. the company's retail operations may be materially impacted by rules or regulations that allow regulated utilities to participate in competitive retail markets or own and operate facilities that could be provided by competitive market participants.
additions or changes in tax laws and regulations could potentially affect the company's financial results or liquidity.
nrg is subject to various types of tax arising from normal business operations in the jurisdictions in which the company operates. any additions or changes to tax legislation, or their interpretation and application, including those with retroactive effect, could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition and results of operations, including income tax provision and accruals reflected in the consolidated financial statements. the inflation reduction act, enacted on august 16, 2022, includes the implementation of a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax ("camt") effective in 2023. the camt may lead to volatility in the company's cash tax payment obligations, particularly in periods of significant commodity or currency variability resulting from potential changes in the fair value of derivative instruments. there remains unanswered questions on how the operative rules for camt will be implemented and interpreted. the company continuously monitors and assesses proposed tax legislation that could negatively impact its business.
the integration of the capacity performance product into the pjm market could lead to substantial changes in capacity income and non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
pjm operates a pay-for-performance model where capacity payments are modified based on real-time generator performance. capacity market prices are sensitive to design parameters, as well as additions of new capacity. nrg may experience substantial changes in capacity income and incur non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg's ownership interest in a nuclear power facility subjects the company to regulations, costs and liabilities uniquely associated with these types of facilities.
under the atomic energy act of 1954, as amended ("aea"), ownership and operation of stp, of which nrg indirectly owns a 44% interest, is subject to regulation by the nrc. such regulation includes licensing, inspection, enforcement, testing, evaluation and modification of all aspects of nuclear reactor power plant design and operation, environmental and safety performance, technical and financial qualifications, decommissioning funding assurance and transfer and foreign ownership restrictions. the current facility operating licenses for stp expire on august 20, 2047 (unit 1) and december 15, 2048 (unit 2).
there are unique risks to owning and operating a nuclear power facility. these include liabilities related to the handling, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, release and use of radioactive materials, particularly with respect to spent nuclear fuel, and uncertainties regarding the ultimate, and potential exposure to, technical and financial risks associated with modifying or decommissioning a nuclear facility. the nrc could require the shutdown of the plant for safety reasons or refuse to permit restart of the unit after unplanned or planned outages. new or amended nrc safety and regulatory requirements may give rise to additional operation and maintenance costs and capital expenditures. additionally, aging equipment may require more capital expenditures to keep each of these nuclear power plants operating efficiently. this equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages, or any unanticipated capital expenditures, could result in reduced profitability. stp will be obligated to continue storing spent nuclear fuel if the u.s. doe continues to fail to meet its contractual obligations to stp made pursuant to the u.s. nuclear waste policy act of 1982 to accept and dispose of stp's spent nuclear fuel. costs associated with these risks could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition or cash flow to the extent not covered by the decommissioning trusts or recovered from ratepayers. in addition, to the extent that all or a part of stp is required by the nrc to permanently or temporarily shut down or modify its operations, or is otherwise subject to a forced outage, nrg may incur additional costs to the extent it is obligated to provide power from more expensive alternative sources - either nrg's own plants, third-party generators or the ercot - to cover the company's then existing forward sale obligations. such shutdown or modification could also lead to substantial costs related to the storage and disposal of radioactive materials and spent nuclear fuel.
while stp maintains property and liability insurance for losses related to nuclear operations, there may be limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available. see also item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies, nuclear insurance. an accident at stp or another nuclear facility could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, its operational results, reputation, or liquidity as losses may exceed the insurance coverage available and/or may result in the obligation to pay retrospective premium obligations.
nrg is subject to environmental laws that impose extensive and increasingly stringent requirements on the company's ongoing operations, as well as potentially substantial liabilities arising out of environmental contamination. these environmental requirements and liabilities could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg is subject to the environmental laws of foreign and u.s., federal, state and local authorities. the company must comply with numerous environmental laws and obtain numerous governmental permits and approvals to build and operate the company's plants. federal and state environmental laws generally have become more stringent over time. should nrg fail to comply with any environmental requirements that apply to its operations, the company could be subject to administrative, civil and/or criminal liability and fines, and regulatory agencies could take other actions seeking to curtail the company's operations. in addition, when new requirements take effect or when existing environmental requirements are revised, reinterpreted or subject to changing enforcement policies, nrg's business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
nrg's businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential effects of climate change, and policies at the national, regional and state levels to regulate ghg emissions and mitigate climate change which could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
fluctuations in weather and other environmental conditions, including temperature and precipitation levels, may affect consumer demand for electricity or natural gas. in addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events, could disrupt nrg's operations and supply chain, and cause it to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these effects. these or other changes in climate could lead to increased operating costs or capital expenses. nrg's customers may also experience the potential physical impacts of climate change and may incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these efforts, including changing the fuel mix and resiliency of their energy solutions and supply.
hazards customary to the power production industry include the potential for unusual weather conditions, which could affect fuel pricing and availability, the company's route to market or access to customers, i.e., transmission and distribution lines, transportation and delivery, or critical plant assets. the contribution of climate change to the frequency or intensity of weather-related events could affect nrg's operations and planning process.
climate change could also affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for the continued operation of nrg's generation plants. nrg monitors water supply risk carefully. if it is determined that a water supply risk exists that could impact projected generation levels at any plant, risk mitigation efforts are identified and evaluated for implementation.
further, demand for nrg's energy-related services could be similarly impacted by consumers' preferences or market or regulatory factors favoring energy efficiency, lower carbon energy sources or reduced electricity or natural gas usage.
nrg's ghg emissions reduction targets can be found in item 1, business -environmental regulatory matters. the company's ability to achieve these targets depends on many factors, including the ability to retire high emitting assets, ability to reduce emissions based on technological advances and innovation, and ability to source energy from less carbon intense resources. in addition, any future decarbonization efforts may increase costs, or nrg may otherwise be limited in its ability to apply them. the cost associated with nrg's ghg emissions reduction goals could be significant. failure to achieve the company's emissions targets could result in a negative impact on access to and cost of capital, changing investor sentiment regarding investment in the company or reputation harm.
enhanced data privacy and data protection laws and regulations or any non-compliance with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect nrg's business and financial results.
the consumer privacy landscape continues to experience momentum for greater privacy protection and reform at the state and federal level in response to precedents set forth by the general data protection regulation (the "gdpr") and the california consumer privacy act (the "ccpa"). the development and evolving nature of domestic and international privacy regulation and enforcement could impact and potentially limit how nrg processes personally identifiable information. beginning january 1, 2023, california residents have increased access rights (including the right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information), which are enforced by a new state privacy regulator, resulting in more scrutiny of business practices and disclosures. additional states including virginia, utah, connecticut, colorado, and nevada have similarly adopted enhanced data privacy legislation effective in 2023 and patterned after the standards set forth by ccpa, including broader data access rights, with virginia going a step further requiring businesses to perform data protection assessments for certain processing activities.
as new laws and regulations are created, requiring businesses to implement processes to enable customer access to their data and enhanced data protection and management standards, nrg cannot forecast the impact that they may have on the company's business. any non-compliance with laws may result in proceedings or actions against the company by governmental entities or individuals. moreover, any inquiries or investigations, government penalties or sanctions, or civil actions by individuals may be costly to comply with, resulting in negative publicity, increased operating costs, significant management time and attention, and may lead to remedies that harm the business, including fines, demands or orders that existing business practices be modified or terminated.
nrg's retail operations are subject to changing rules and regulations that could have a material impact on the company's profitability.
the competitiveness of nrg's retail operations partially depends on regulatory policies that establish the structure, rules, terms and conditions on which services are offered to retail customers. these policies can include, among other things, controls on the retail rates that nrg can charge, the imposition of additional costs on sales, restrictions on the company's ability to obtain new customers through various marketing channels and disclosure requirements. the company's retail operations may be materially impacted by rules or regulations that allow regulated utilities to participate in competitive retail markets or own and operate facilities that could be provided by competitive market participants. additionally, state, federal or provincial imposition of net metering or rps programs can make it more or less expensive for retail customers to supplement or replace their reliance on grid power.
the company's international operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and events beyond the company's control in the countries in which it operates, which risks may negatively impact the company's business.
the company's international operations depend on products manufactured, purchased and sold in the u.s. and internationally. in some cases, these countries have greater political and economic volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than in nrg's other markets. operating a business in a number of different regions and countries exposes the company to a number of risks, including: multiple and potentially conflicting laws, regulations and policies that are subject to change, imposition of currency restrictions on repatriation of earnings or other restraints, imposition of burdensome tariffs or quotas, national and international conflict, including terrorist acts and political and economic instability or civil unrest that may severely disrupt economic activity in affected countries.
the occurrence of one or more of these events may negatively impact the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to the economic and financial market conditions, and the company's indebtedness nrg's level of indebtedness could adversely affect its ability to raise additional capital to fund its operations or return capital to stockholders. it could also expose it to the risk of increased interest rates and limit its ability to react to changes in the economy or its industry.
nrg's substantial debt could have negative consequences, including:
•increasing nrg's vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions;
•requiring a substantial portion of nrg's cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its indebtedness, therefore reducing nrg's ability to pay dividends or to use its cash flow to fund its operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;
•limiting nrg's ability to enter into long-term power sales or fuel purchases which require credit support;
•limiting nrg's ability to obtain additional financing for working capital including collateral postings, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes;
•limiting nrg's ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors who have less debt; and
•exposing nrg to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of its borrowings are at variable rates of interest, primarily through its revolving credit facility.
the company's credit documents contain financial and other restrictive covenants that may limit the company's ability to return capital to stockholders or otherwise engage in activities that may be in its long-term best interests. nrg's failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of the company's indebtedness. the company's corporate credit agreement includes a sustainability-linked metric and sustainability-linked bonds, which could result in increased interest expense to the company if the sustainability metrics set forth therein are not met. furthermore, financial and other restrictive covenants contained in any project level subsidiary debt may limit the ability of nrg to receive distributions from such subsidiary.
in addition, nrg's ability to arrange financing, either at the corporate level, a non-recourse project-level subsidiary or otherwise, and the costs of such capital, are dependent on numerous factors, including: general economic and capital market conditions; credit availability from banks and other financial institutions; investor confidence in nrg, its partners and the regional wholesale power markets; nrg's financial performance and the financial performance of its subsidiaries; nrg's level of indebtedness and compliance with covenants in debt agreements; maintenance of acceptable credit ratings; cash flow; and provisions of tax and securities laws that may impact raising capital.
nrg may not be successful in obtaining additional capital for these or other reasons. the failure to obtain additional capital from time to time may have a material adverse effect on its business and operations.
adverse economic conditions could adversely affect nrg's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
adverse economic conditions, including inflation, and declines in wholesale energy prices, partially resulting from adverse economic conditions, may impact nrg's results of operations. the breadth and depth of negative economic conditions may have a wide-ranging impact on the u.s. business environment. in addition, adverse economic conditions also reduce the demand for energy commodities. reduced demand from negative economic conditions continues to impact the key domestic wholesale energy markets nrg serves. in general, economic and commodity market conditions will continue to impact nrg's unhedged future energy margins, liquidity, earnings growth and overall financial condition. in addition, adverse economic conditions, declines in wholesale energy prices, reduced demand for energy and other factors may negatively impact the trading price of nrg's common stock and impact forecasted cash flows, which may require nrg to evaluate its goodwill and other long-lived assets for impairment. any such impairment could have a material impact on nrg's financial condition.
goodwill and other intangible assets that nrg has recorded in connection with its acquisitions are subject to impairment evaluations and, as a result, the company could be required to write off some or all of this goodwill and other intangible assets, which may adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed annually or more frequently for impairment. other intangibles are also reviewed at least annually or more frequently, if certain conditions exist, and are amortized. any reduction in or impairment of the value of goodwill or other intangible assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could materially adversely affect nrg's reported results of operations and financial position in future periods.
risks related to public health threats public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations and financial results.
the company may face risks related to public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases. a widespread healthcare crisis, such as an outbreak of a communicable disease, could adversely affect the global economy and the company's ability to conduct its business for an indefinite period of time. for example, the ongoing global covid-19 pandemic negatively impacted local and global economies, disrupted financial markets and international trade, resulted in increased unemployment levels and impacted local and global supply chains, all of which also negatively impacted the electricity industry and the company's business. federal, state, and local governments have implemented, and may continue to implement, various mitigation measures, including travel restrictions, border closings, restrictions on public gatherings, shelter-in-place orders and limitations on business activities. although the operations of the company are considered an essential service, some of these measures may adversely impact the ability of nrg employees, contractors, suppliers, customers, and other business partners to conduct business activities. this could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition, risk exposure and liquidity.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k of nrg energy, inc., or nrg or the company, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, or securities act, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or exchange act. the words "believes," "projects," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "intends," "estimates," "should," "forecasts," "plans" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause nrg's actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. these factors, risks and uncertainties include the factors described under item 1a - risk factors and the following:
•business uncertainties related to the acquisition of vivint;
•nrg's ability to obtain and maintain retail market share;
•general economic conditions, changes in the wholesale power and gas markets and fluctuations in the cost of fuel;
•volatile power and gas supply costs and demand for power and gas;
•changes in law, including judicial and regulatory decisions;
•hazards customary to the power production industry and power generation operations, such as fuel and electricity price volatility, unusual weather conditions, catastrophic weather-related or other damage to facilities, unscheduled generation outages, maintenance or repairs, unanticipated changes to fuel supply costs or availability due to higher demand, shortages, transportation problems or other developments, environmental incidents, or electric transmission or gas pipeline system constraints and the possibility that nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover losses as a result of such hazards;
•the effectiveness of nrg's risk management policies and procedures and the ability of nrg's counterparties to satisfy their financial commitments;
•nrg's ability to enter into contracts to sell power or gas and procure fuel on acceptable terms and prices;
•nrg's inability to estimate with any degree of certainty the future impact that covid-19, any resurgence of covid-19 or variants thereof, or other pandemic may have on nrg's results of operations, financial position, risk exposure and liquidity;
•nrg's ability to successfully integrate, realize cost savings and manage any acquired businesses;
•nrg's ability to engage in successful acquisitions and divestitures, as well as other mergers and acquisitions activity;
•cyber terrorism and cybersecurity risks, data breaches or the occurrence of a catastrophic loss and the possibility that nrg may not have sufficient insurance to cover losses resulting from such hazards or the inability of nrg's insurers to provide coverage;
•counterparties' collateral demands and other factors affecting nrg's liquidity position and financial condition;
•nrg's ability to operate its businesses efficiently and generate earnings and cash flows from its asset-based businesses in relation to its debt and other obligations;
•the liquidity and competitiveness of wholesale markets for energy commodities;
•government regulation, including changes in market rules, rates, tariffs and environmental laws;
•nrg's ability to develop and innovate new products, as retail and wholesale markets continue to change and evolve;
•price mitigation strategies and other market structures employed by isos or rtos that result in a failure to adequately and fairly compensate nrg's generation units;
•nrg's ability to mitigate forced outage risk;
•nrg's ability to borrow funds and access capital markets, as well as nrg's substantial indebtedness and the possibility that nrg may incur additional indebtedness in the future;
•operating and financial restrictions placed on nrg and its subsidiaries that are contained in nrg's corporate credit agreements, and in debt and other agreements of certain of nrg subsidiaries and project affiliates generally;
•the ability of nrg and its counterparties to develop and build new power generation facilities;
•nrg's ability to implement its strategy of finding ways to meet the challenges of climate change, clean air and protecting natural resources, while taking advantage of business opportunities;
•nrg's ability to increase cash from operations through operational and market initiatives, corporate efficiencies, asset strategy, and a range of other programs throughout nrg to reduce costs or generate revenues;
•nrg's ability to successfully evaluate investments and achieve intended financial results in new business and growth initiatives;
•nrg's ability to develop and maintain successful partnering relationships as needed.
in addition, unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made and nrg undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as otherwise required by applicable laws. the foregoing factors that could cause nrg's actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements included in this annual report on form 10-k should not be construed as exhaustive.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the discussion and analysis below has been organized as follows:
•executive summary, including the business environment in which the company operates, a discussion of regulation, weather, competition and other factors that affect the business, and other significant events that are important to understanding the results of operations and financial condition;
•results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, including an explanation of significant differences between the periods in the specific line items of nrg's consolidated statements of operations;
•liquidity and capital resources including liquidity position, financial condition addressing credit ratings, material cash requirements and commitments, and other obligations; and
•critical accounting estimates that are most important to both the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations, and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments.
as you read this discussion and analysis, refer to nrg's consolidated statements of operations in this form 10-k, which present the results of the company's operations for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, and also refer to item 1 to this form 10-k for more detail discussion about the company's business. a discussion and analysis of fiscal year 2020 may be found in part ii, item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021.
executive summary nrg energy, inc., or nrg or the company, is a consumer services company built on dynamic retail brands. nrg brings the power of energy to customers by producing and selling energy and related products and services, nation-wide in the u.s. and canada in a manner that delivers value to all of nrg's stakeholders. nrg sells power, natural gas, home and power services, and develops innovative, sustainable solutions, predominately under the brand names nrg, reliant, direct energy, green mountain energy, stream, and xoom energy. the company has a customer base that includes approximately 5.4 million home customers as well as commercial, industrial, and wholesale customers, supported by approximately 16 gw of generation as of december 31, 2022.
business environment the industry dynamics and external influences affecting the company, its businesses, and the retail energy and power generation industry in 2022 and for the future medium term include:
market dynamics - the price of natural gas plays an important role in setting the price of electricity in many of the regions where nrg operates. natural gas prices are driven by variables including demand from the industrial, residential, and electric sectors, productivity across natural gas supply basins, costs of natural gas production, changes in pipeline infrastructure, global lng demand, exports of natural gas, and the financial and hedging profile of natural gas customers and producers. in 2022, the average natural gas price at henry hub was 73% higher than in 2021.
nrg may experience impacts to gross margins due to significant, rapid changes in current natural gas prices and the lag in its ability to make a corresponding adjustment to the retail rates it charges customers on term and month to month contracts. the company hedges its load commitments in order to mitigate the impact of changes in commodity prices, and as a result, these gross margin impacts would be realized in future periods until it is able to make the corresponding adjustments to the retail customer rates.
the relative price of natural gas as compared to coal is the primary driver of coal demand. coal commodity prices decreased in 2022 although supply chain disruptions are still affecting coal deliveries, as further discussed below in global supply chain disruptions.
electricity prices - the price of electricity is a key determinant of the profitability of the company. many variables such as the price of different fuels, weather, load growth and unit availability all coalesce to impact the final price for electricity and the company's profitability. an increase in supply cost volatility in the competitive retail markets may result in smaller companies choosing to exit the market, which may result in further consolidation in the competitive retail space. the following table summarizes average on-peak power prices for each of the major markets in which nrg operates for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021. the average on-peak power prices decreased significantly in texas due to winter storm uri's impact on 2021 pricing. east and west average on-peak prices increased as a result of higher natural gas prices.
average on-peak power price ($/mwh)
year ended december 31,                        2022 vs 2021
region                                  2022                            2021                            change %
texas ercot - houston(a)               $90.62                         $192.17                              (53)      %
ercot - north(a)                  78.34                          189.05                              (59)      %
east ny j/nyc(b)                       93.58                           48.71                                92      %
nepool(b)                         92.42                           51.81                                78      %
comed (pjm)(b)                    71.86                           41.33                                74      %
pjm west hub(b)                   83.48                           45.67                                83      %
west caiso - sp15(b)                   87.67                           53.53                                64      %
miso - louisiana hub(b)           71.12                           43.05                                65      %
(a)average on-peak power prices based on real time settlement prices as published by the respective isos
(b)average on-peak power prices based on day-ahead settlement prices as published by the respective isos increased awareness of, and action to combat, climate change -diverse groups of stakeholders, including investors, asset managers, financial institutions, non-government organizations, industry coalitions, individual companies, consumer groups and academic institutions, are increasingly engaged in efforts to limit global warming in the post-industrial era to 1.5 degrees celsius. as a result, policymakers and regulators at regional, national, sub-national and local levels of government, both in the u.s. and other parts of the world, are increasingly focused on actions to combat climate change.
nrg actively monitors climate change related developments that could impact its business and regularly engages with a diverse set of stakeholders on these issues. such engagement helps the company identify and pursue potential opportunities both to decarbonize its business and better serve its customers. nrg is committed to providing transparent disclosures of its climate risks and opportunities to stakeholders. the company was an early supporter of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures ("tcfd") recommendations after they were issued in 2017, published a tcfd mapping disclosure in december 2020 and issued a stand-alone tcfd report in december 2021.
lower carbon infrastructure development - policy mechanisms at the state and federal level, including production and investment tax credits, cash grants, loan guarantees, accelerated depreciation tax benefits, rps, and carbon trading plans, have supported and continue to support the development of renewable generation, demand-side and smart grid, and other lower carbon infrastructure technologies. the u.s. inflation reduction act, signed into law in august 2022, is intended to further support the deployment of lower carbon energy technologies. as costs associated with the development of lower carbon infrastructure, such as wind and solar generating facilities, continue to evolve and impact development of lower carbon infrastructure in the markets where the company participates, it may impact the ability of the company's generating facilities to participate in those markets. according to ercot, 41% of 2022 energy consumption in the ercot market was generated from carbon emission-free resources, with wind power contributing 25%. in addition, as subsidies and incentives contribute to increases in renewable power sources, customer awareness and preferences are shifting toward sustainable solutions. increased demand for sustainable energy products from both residential and commercial customers creates opportunities for diversified product offerings in competitive retail markets.
digitization and customization - the electric industry is experiencing major technology changes in the way power is distributed and consumed by end-use customers. the electric grid is shifting from a centralized analog system, where power is generated from limited sources and flows in one direction, to a decentralized multidirectional system, where power can be generated from a number of distributed resources and stored or dispatched on an as-needed basis. in addition, customers are seeking new ways to engage with their power providers. technologies like smart thermostats, smart appliances and electric vehicles are giving individuals more choice and control over their electricity usage.
weather - weather conditions in the regions of the u.s. in which nrg conducts business influence the company's financial results. weather conditions can affect the supply and demand for electricity and fuels and may also impact the availability of the company's generating assets. changes in energy supply and demand may impact the price of these energy commodities in both the spot and forward markets, which may affect the company's results in any given period. typically, demand for and the price of electricity is higher in the summer and the winter seasons, when temperatures are more extreme. the demand for and price of natural gas is also generally higher in the winter. however, all regions of the u.s. typically do not experience extreme weather conditions at the same time, thus nrg's operations are typically not exposed to the effects of extreme weather in all parts of its business at once.
global supply chain disruptions - there are currently global supply chain disruptions impacting natural gas, coal, solar and other fuels and materials necessary for the production and sale of electricity to the company's retail customers. these supply chain disruptions are due in part to a number of factors outside the company's control including geopolitical conflicts, public policy of the federal government, the covid-19 pandemic, labor shortages and extreme weather events in the u.s. these factors are impacting the dispatch of generation facilities, as well as the costs to serve retail customers. the company expects that supply chain disruptions will continue throughout the remainder of 2023. nrg is working closely with its suppliers and customers to minimize any potential adverse impacts of these events. the company will continue to actively monitor all direct and indirect potential impacts of the supply chain disruptions, and will seek to mitigate and minimize their impact on business.
other factors - a number of other factors significantly influence the level and volatility of prices for energy commodities and related derivative products for nrg's business. these factors include:
•seasonal, daily and hourly changes in demand;
•extreme peak demands;
•performance of renewable generation;
•available supply resources;
•transportation and transmission availability and reliability within and between regions;
•location of nrg's generating facilities relative to the location of its load-serving opportunities;
•procedures used to maintain the integrity of the physical electricity system during extreme conditions; and
•changes in the nature and extent of federal and state regulations.
these factors can affect energy commodity and derivative prices in different ways and to different degrees. these effects may vary throughout the country as a result of regional differences in:
•weather conditions;
•market liquidity;
•capability and reliability of the physical electricity and gas systems;
•local transportation systems; and
•the nature and extent of electricity deregulation.
environmental matters, regulatory matters and legal proceedings - details of environmental matters are presented in item 15 - note 25, environmental matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1 - business, environmental matters. details of regulatory matters are presented in item 15 - note 24, regulatory matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1 - business, regulatory matters. details of legal proceedings are presented in item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements. some of this information relates to costs that may be material to the company's financial results.
significant events the following significant events occurred during 2022 and through the filing date, as further described within this management's discussion and analysis and the consolidated financial statements:
vivint acquisition on december 6, 2022, nrg and vivint smart home, inc. announced the entry into a definitive agreement under which the company will acquire vivint in an all-cash transaction. the company will pay $12 per share, or approximately $2.8 billion in cash, and expects to fund the acquisition using proceeds from newly issued debt and preferred equity, drawing on its revolving credit facility and receivables securitization facilities, and through cash on hand. additionally, in the first quarter of 2023, nrg increased its revolving credit facility by $600 million to meet the additional liquidity requirements related to the acquisition. close of the acquisition is targeted for the first quarter of 2023 and is subject to customary closing conditions. see item 15 - note 4, acquisitions and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
astoria on january 6, 2023, nrg closed on the sale of land and related assets from the astoria site, within the east region of operations, for initial proceeds of $212 million subject to transaction fees of $3 million and certain indemnifications. as part of the transaction, nrg entered into an agreement to lease the land back for the purpose of operating the astoria gas turbines through the planned april 30, 2023 retirement date. the operating lease agreement is expected to end six months after the facility's actual retirement date. see item 15 - note 4, acquisitions and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
sale of watson on june 1, 2022, the company closed on the sale of its 49% ownership in the watson natural gas generating facility for $59 million. nrg recognized a gain on the sale of $46 million.
retirement of joliet during the second quarter of 2022, the results of the pjm base residual auction for the 2023/2024 delivery year were released leading the company to revise its long-term view of certain facilities and announce the planned retirement of the joliet generating facility on june 1, 2023. impairment losses of $20 million and $130 million were recorded on the pjm generating assets and midwest generation goodwill, respectively.
w.a. parish extended outage in may 2022, w.a. parish unit 8 came offline as a result of damage to the steam turbine/generator. based on work completed to date, nrg is targeting to return the unit to service by the end of the second quarter of 2023. the company is working with its insurers related to claims surrounding the outage and has received partial settlements in the fourth quarter of 2022.
limestone unit 1 return to service in early july 2021, limestone unit 1 came offline as a result of damage to the duct work associated with the fgd system. the extended forced outage ended in april of 2022 and the unit has returned to service.
ercot securitization proceeds during february 2021, texas experienced unprecedented cold temperatures for a prolonged duration as a result of winter storm uri, resulting in a power emergency, blackouts, and an estimated all-time peak demand of 77 gw (without load shed). in 2021, the texas legislature passed hb 4492 for ercot to mitigate exceptionally high price adders and ancillary service costs incurred by lses during winter storm uri. hb 4492 authorized ercot to obtain $2.1 billion of financing to distribute to lses that were charged and paid to ercot those highly priced ancillary service and ordpa during winter storm uri. the company accounted for the proceeds as a reduction to cost of operations within its consolidated statements of operations in the 2021 annual period for which the proceeds were intended to compensate. during the year ended december 31, 2021, winter storm uri's pre-tax financial impact to the company was a loss of $380 million, which reflects the recovery of $689 million of cost of operations as a result of the proceeds. the company received the proceeds of $689 million from ercot in june 2022.
share repurchases in december 2021, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase $1.0 billion of its common stock, of which $44 million was repurchased in 2021. during the year ended december 31, 2022, the company repurchased $601 million of shares at an average price of $40.50 per share, including $6 million of equivalent shares purchased in lieu of tax withholdings on equity compensation issuances. the remaining $355 million repurchases under the $1.0 billion authorization are expected to be repurchased in 2023, subject to the availability of excess cash and full visibility of the achievement of the company's 2023 targeted credit metrics. . see item 15 - note 16, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
renewable power purchase agreements the company's strategy is to procure mid to long-term renewable generation through power purchase agreements. as of december 31, 2022, nrg has entered into renewable ppas totaling approximately 2.4 gw, of which approximately 45% are operational. the average tenor of these agreements is twelve years. the company expects to continue evaluating and executing similar agreements that support the needs of the business. the total gw entered into through renewable ppas may be impacted by contract terminations when they occur.
dividend increase in the first quarter of 2022, nrg increased the annual dividend to $1.40 from $1.30 per share. in 2023, nrg further increased the annual dividend to $1.51 per share, representing an 8% increase from 2022. the company expects to target an annual dividend growth rate of 7-9% per share in subsequent years.
covid-19
while the pandemic presented risks, as further described in part ii, item 1a - risk factors of this form 10-k, to the company's business, there was not a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021
the following table provides selected financial information for the company:
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except otherwise noted)                                                      2022                         2021(a)                    change revenues retail revenue                                                                     $29,722                         $23,561                    $6,161
energy revenue(b)                                                                    1,250                           1,215                        35
capacity revenue(b)                                                                    272                             775                     (503)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                        (83)                           (164)                        81
contract amortization                                                                 (39)                            (30)                       (9)
other revenues(b)(c)                                                                   421                           1,632                   (1,211)
total revenues                                                                      31,543                          26,989                     4,554
operating costs and expenses cost of fuel                                                                         1,919                           1,840                      (79)
purchased energy and other cost of sales(d)                                         24,984                          19,770                   (5,214)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                     (1,331)                         (2,880)                   (1,549)
contract and emissions credit amortization(d)                                          111                              43                      (68)
operations and maintenance                                                           1,352                           1,370                        18
other cost of operations                                                               411                             339                      (72)
cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization shown below)            27,446                          20,482                   (6,964)
depreciation and amortization                                                          634                             785                       151
impairment losses                                                                      206                             544                       338
selling, general and administrative costs                                            1,228                           1,293                        65
provision for credit losses                                                             11                             698                       687
acquisition-related transaction and integration costs                                   52                              93                        41
total operating costs and expenses                                                  29,577                          23,895                   (5,682)
gain on sale of assets                                                                  52                             247                     (195)
operating income                                                                     2,018                           3,341                   (1,323)
other income/(expense)
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                          6                              17                      (11)
other income, net                                                                       56                              63                       (7)
loss on debt extinguishment, net                                                         -                            (77)                        77
interest expense                                                                     (417)                           (485)                        68
total other expenses                                                                 (355)                           (482)                       127
income before income taxes                                                           1,663                           2,859                   (1,196)
income tax expense                                                                     442                             672                     (230)
net income                                                                          $1,221                          $2,187                    $(966)
business metrics average natural gas price - henry hub ($/mmbtu)                                      $6.64                           $3.84                        73    %
(a)includes the impact of winter storm uri
(b)includes realized gains and losses from financially settled transactions
(c)includes trading gains and losses and ancillary revenues
(d)includes amortization of so2 and nox credits and excludes amortization of rggi credits gross margin the company calculates gross margin in order to evaluate operating performance as revenues less cost of fuel, purchased energy and other costs of sales, mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, contract and emission credit amortization and depreciation and amortization.
economic gross margin in addition to gross margin, the company evaluates its operating performance using the measure of economic gross margin, which is not a gaap measure and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report. economic gross margin should be viewed as a supplement to and not a substitute for the company's presentation of gross margin, which is the most directly comparable gaap measure. economic gross margin is not intended to represent gross margin. the company believes that economic gross margin is useful to investors as it is a key operational measure reviewed by the company's chief operating decision maker. economic gross margin is defined as the sum of retail revenue, energy revenue, capacity revenue and other revenue, less cost of fuels, purchased energy and other cost of sales. economic gross margin does not include mark-to-market gains or losses on economic hedging activities, contract amortization, emission credit amortization, depreciation and amortization, operations and maintenance, or other costs of operations.
the tables below present the composition and reconciliation of gross margin and economic gross margin for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021:
year ended december 31, 2022
($ in millions, except otherwise noted)                                           texas                                            east                                west/services/other                                                                           corporate/eliminations                           total retail revenue                                                           $9,617                                         $15,856                                            $4,250                                                                                    $(1)                                       $29,722
energy revenue                                                              111                                             641                                               466                                                            32                                                                   1,250
capacity revenue                                                              -                                             232                                                40                                                                                    -                                              272
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                2                                            (30)                                              (56)                                                            1                                                                     (83)
contract amortization                                                         -                                            (40)                                                 1                                                                                    -                                             (39)
other revenue(a)                                                            327                                             104                                                 5                                                                                    (15)                                           421
total revenue                                                            10,057                                          16,763                                             4,706                                                            17                                                                  31,543
cost of fuel                                                            (1,213)                                           (376)                                             (330)                                                                                    -                                          (1,919)
purchased energy and other costs of sales(b)(c)(d)                      (6,379)                                        (14,782)                                           (3,804)                                                                                    (19)                                      (24,984)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                              611                                             218                                               503                                                                                    (1)                                          1,331
contract and emission credit amortization                                     -                                            (91)                                              (20)                                                                                    -                                            (111)
depreciation and amortization                                             (310)                                           (208)                                              (85)                                                                                    (31)                                         (634)
gross margin                                                             $2,766                                          $1,524                                              $970                                                                                    $(34)                                       $5,226
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net                   613                                             188                                               447                                                                                    -                                            1,248
less: contract and emission credit amortization, net                          -                                           (131)                                              (19)                                                                                    -                                            (150)
less: depreciation and amortization                                       (310)                                           (208)                                              (85)                                                                                    (31)                                         (634)
economic gross margin                                                    $2,463                                          $1,675                                              $627                                                                                    $(3)                                        $4,762
(a)includes trading gains and losses and ancillary revenues
(b)includes capacity and emissions credits
(c)includes $3,043 million, $120 million and $1,134 million of tdsp expense in texas, east, and west/services/other respectively
(d)excludes depreciation and amortization shown separately business metrics                                                                  texas                                            east                                west/services/other                                                                           corporate/eliminations                           total home electricity sales volume (gwh)                                      43,155                                          13,269                                             2,250                                                                                    -                                           58,674
business electricity sales volume (gwh)                                  38,447                                          47,724                                            10,231                                                                                    -                                           96,402
home natural gas retail sales volumes (mdth)                                  -                                          53,051                                            92,035                                                                                    -                                          145,086
business natural gas retail sales volumes (mdth)                              -                                       1,618,946                                           154,074                                                                                    -                                        1,773,020
average retail home customer count (in thousands)(a)                      2,961                                           1,783                                               799                                                                                    -                                            5,543
ending retail home customer count (in thousands)(a)                       2,859                                           1,761                                               786                                                                                    -                                            5,406
gwh sold                                                                 37,275                                          10,832                                             6,676                                                                                    -                                           54,783
gwh generated (b)                                                        37,275                                           7,282                                             6,676                                                                                    -                                           51,233
(a)home customer count includes recurring residential customers, services customers and municipal aggregations. the whole home warranty business was sold in january 2022
(b)includes owned and leased generation, excludes tolled generation and equity investments year ended december 31, 2021
($ in millions, except otherwise noted)                                        texas                                      east                             west/services/other(a)                                                                       corporate/eliminations                      total retail revenue                                                         $8,404                                   $11,862                                          $3,296                                                                                         $(1)                          $23,561
energy revenue                                                            329                                       508                                             371                                                                                            7                            1,215
capacity revenue                                                            -                                       718                                              57                                                                                            -                              775
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                            (3)                                      (88)                                            (86)                                                                                           13                            (164)
contract amortization                                                       -                                      (26)                                             (4)                                                                                            -                             (30)
other revenue(a)                                                        1,565                                        51                                              25                                                                                          (9)                            1,632
total revenue                                                          10,295                                    13,025                                           3,659                                                                                           10                           26,989
cost of fuel                                                          (1,424)                                     (196)                                           (220)                                                                                            -                          (1,840)
purchased energy and other costs of sales(b)(c)(d)                    (6,107)                                  (10,774)                                         (2,887)                                                                                          (2)                         (19,770)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                            988                                     1,803                                             102                                                                                         (13)                            2,880
contract and emission credit amortization                                   2                                      (28)                                            (17)                                                                                            -                             (43)
depreciation and amortization                                           (336)                                     (333)                                            (88)                                                                                         (28)                            (785)
gross margin                                                           $3,418                                    $3,497                                            $549                                                                                        $(33)                           $7,431
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net                 985                                     1,715                                              16                                                                                            -                            2,716
less: contract and emission credit amortization                             2                                      (54)                                            (21)                                                                                            -                             (73)
less: depreciation and amortization                                     (336)                                     (333)                                            (88)                                                                                         (28)                            (785)
economic gross margin                                                  $2,767                                    $2,169                                            $642                                                                                         $(5)                           $5,573
(a)includes trading gains and losses and ancillary revenues
(b)includes capacity and emissions credits
(c)includes $2,648 million, $183 million and $1,033 million of tdsp expense in texas, east, and west/services/other respectively
(d)excludes depreciation and amortization shown separately business metrics                                                               texas                                      east                                west/services/other                                                                       corporate/eliminations                      total home electricity sales volume (gwh)                                    42,397                                    14,108                                           2,252                                                                                            -                           58,757
business electricity sales volume (gwh)                                34,367                                    53,204                                          10,625                                                                                            -                           98,196
home natural gas retail sales volumes (mdth)                                -                                    50,417                                          97,272                                                                                            -                          147,689
business natural gas retail sales volumes (mdth)                            -                                 1,620,036                                         109,021                                                                                            -                        1,729,057
average retail home customer count (in thousands)(a)(b)                 3,040                                     1,844                                             977                                                                                            -                            5,861
ending retail home customer count (in thousands)(a)(b)                  3,010                                     1,766                                             946                                                                                            -                            5,722
gwh sold                                                               36,920                                    11,452                                           8,503                                                                                            -                           56,875
gwh generated(c)(d)                                                    36,920                                     7,494                                           7,949                                                                                            -                           52,363
(a)home customer count includes recurring residential customers and municipal aggregations
(b)includes 135 thousand whole home warranty customers in west/services/other. the whole home warranty business was sold in january 2022
(c)includes owned and leased generation, excludes tolled generation and equity investments
(d)includes 1,054 gwh and 2,445 gwh in east and west/services/other, respectively, that was sold to generation bridge in december 2021
the table below represents the weather metrics for 2022 and 2021:
year ended                                                                      quarter ended            quarter ended september 30,                                                                                                                        quarter ended                                                                        quarter ended december 31,                                                                       december 31,                                                                                                                                                                    june 30,                                                                            march 31, weather metrics               texas                   east                 west/services/other(a)                texas                   east                 west/services/other(a)            texas                          east                    west/services/other(a)                  texas                 east                 west/services/other(a)                  texas                   east                 west/services/other(a)
2022
cdds(b)                   3,417                  1,340                            2,133                        277                     72                              160                      1,789                       874                               1,268                        1,283                  352                              674                           68                     42                               31
hdds(b)                   1,935                  4,627                            2,232                        734                  1,683                              884                      -                            54                                   3                           24                  486                              194                        1,177                  2,404                            1,151
2021
cdds                      2,960                  1,275                            1,877                        386                     91                              185                      1,589                       784                               1,134                          899                  362                              521                           86                     38                               37
hdds                      1,562                  4,306                            2,060                        360                  1,377                              662                      -                            38                                   5                           82                  541                              192                        1,120                  2,350                            1,201
10-year average cdds                      3,031                  1,305                            1,920                        290                     91                              162                      1,659                       819                               1,159                          970                  356                              549                          112                     39                               50
hdds                      1,668                  4,569                            2,022                        661                  1,648                              766                            6                      53                                  11                           66                  492                              183                          935                  2,376                            1,062
(a)the west/services/other weather metrics are comprised of the average of the cdd and hdd regional results for the west - california and west - south central regions
(b)national oceanic and atmospheric administration-climate prediction center - a cooling degree day ("cdd"), represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is above 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. a heating degree day ("hdd"), represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is below 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. the cdds/hdds for a period of time are calculated by adding the cdds/hdds for each day during the period gross margin and economic gross margin gross margin decreased $2.2 billion and economic gross margin decreased $811 million, both of which include intercompany sales, during the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. the detail by segment is as follows:
texas
(in millions)
lower gross margin due to the impact of winter storm uri in 2021, primarily driven by hedging optimization, partially offset by the negative impact of an increase in unhedgeable ancillary and operating reserve demand curve(a), net of securitization proceeds of $689 million                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $(88)
the following explanations exclude the impact of winter storm uri:
lower gross margin due to the net effect of: •a 40%, or $1 billion increase in overall average costs to serve the retail load, driven by increases in power, ancillary, and fuel costs, an extended outage at w.a. parish unit 8 and the more conservative winter hedge profile in the first quarter of 2022, partially offset by the favorable impact of the early settlement of a solar ppa and partial settlements of business interruption insurance claims related to w.a. parish and limestone extended outages; and •increased net revenue rates of $9.50 per mwh, or $611 million primarily driven by changes in customer term, product and mix              (427)
higher gross margin due to an increase in load due to weather of 5.3 million mwhs, or $185 million and an increase in load of 220k mwhs, or $58 million, primarily driven by changes in customer mix                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   243
lower gross margin from market optimization activities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (40)
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    8
decrease in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $(304)
decrease in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (372)
increase in contract and emission credit amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (2)
decrease in depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               26
decrease in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            $(652)
(a) for further discussion of ercot's securitization activity see regional regulatory developments section under regulatory matters in item 1 - business east
(in millions)
lower gross margin due to the impact of winter storm uri in 2021, primarily driven by natural gas optimization during volatile pricing that occurred during the weather event                                                                                                                                          $(146)
the following explanations exclude the impact of winter storm uri:
lower gross margin due to the sale of fossil generating assets to generation bridge in december 2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                    (211)
lower gross margin due to a decrease in generation and capacity as a result of midwest generation asset retirements in the second quarter of 2022                                                                                                                                                                        (91)
lower gross margin due to a 32% decrease in pjm capacity prices and a 45% decrease in new york capacity prices coupled with net capacity performance penalties resulting from winter storm elliott in december 2022                                                                                                     (109)
lower demand response gross margin primarily due to a decrease in early settlements of capacity obligations in 2022 compared to 2021                                                                                                                                                                                     (94)
lower electric gross margin from decreased load of 6.7 twh due to attrition and change in customer mix                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (71)
lower electric gross margin due to higher supply costs of $15.25 per mwh. driven primarily by increases in power prices, totaling $931 million, partially offset by higher net revenue rates as a result of changes in customer term, product and mix of $14.50 per mwh, or $888 million                                 (43)
higher gross margin primarily at midwest generation due to a 31% increase in average realized pricing and an increase in generation volumes due to dark spread expansion, partially offset by increased supply costs                                                                                                       33
higher gross margin from the sales of nox emission credits                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 19
higher natural gas gross margin including the impact of transportation and storage contract optimization, resulting in higher net revenue rates from changes in customer term, product and mix of $2.25 per dth, or $3.8 billion, partially offset by higher supply costs of $2.15 per dth, or $3.6 billion               219
decrease in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $(494)
decrease in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                                                                                                             (1,527)
increase in contract amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        (77)
decrease in depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 125
decrease in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             $(1,973)
west/services/other
(in millions)
lower gross margin due to the impact of winter storm uri in 2021, primarily driven by natural gas optimization during volatile pricing that occurred during the weather event                                                                                        $(13)
the following explanations exclude the impact of winter storm uri:
lower gross margin due to the sale of fossil generating assets to generation bridge in december 2021                                                                                                                                                                  (86)
lower gross margin due to the sale of the whole home warranty business in the first quarter of 2022                                                                                                                                                                   (21)
higher gross margin at cottonwood due to a 84% increase in average realized power prices as well as an anticipated capacity performance bonus payment from pjm as a result of winter storm elliott, partially offset by increased commodity costs                       95
higher gross margin primarily due to increased revenue at airtron                                                                                                                                                                                                       25
higher electric gross margin due to higher revenue rates of $26.50 per mwh, totaling $331 million, partially offset by higher supply costs of $26.00 per mwh, or $322 million from changes in customer term, product and mix                                             8
lower natural gas gross margin due to higher supply costs of $1.65 per dth, totaling $403 million, partially offset by higher net revenue rates of $1.40 per dth, or $346 million and an increase in load due to changes in customer mix of $33 million               (24)
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1
decrease in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $(15)
increase in mark-to-market for economic hedges primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                                                               431
decrease in contract amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2
decrease in depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                3
increase in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $421
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities mark-to-market for economic hedging activities includes asset-backed hedges that have not been designated as cash flow hedges. total net mark-to-market results decreased by $1.5 billion during the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021.
the breakdown of gains and losses included in revenues and operating costs and expenses by segment was as follows:
year ended december 31, 2022
(in millions)                                                                                                     texas                       east                        west/services/other                    eliminations                               total mark-to-market results in revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses/(gains) on settled positions related to economic hedges       $2                          $(5)                        $40                                    $(8)                                     $29
reversal of acquired (gain) positions related to economic hedges                                                  -                           (3)                         -                                      -                                        (3)
net unrealized (losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                              -                           (22)                        (96)                       9                                                  (109)
total mark-to-market gains/(losses) in revenues                                                                   $2                          $(30)                       $(56)                                  $1                                     $(83)
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains) on settled positions related to economic hedges              $(366)                      $(738)                      $(165)                                 $8                                  $(1,261)
reversal of acquired loss/(gain) positions related to economic hedges                                             29                          (5)                         (19)                                   -                    5
net unrealized gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                                 948             961                         687                                                (9)                                    2,587
total mark-to-market gains in operating costs and expenses                                                        $611                        $218                        $503                                   $(1)                                  $1,331
year ended december 31, 2021
(in millions)                                                                                               texas                     east                        west/services/other                    eliminations                     total mark-to-market results in revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains) on settled positions related to economic hedges        $-                        $(34)                       $(4)                                   $(2)                             $(40)
reversal of acquired (gain) positions related to economic hedges                                            -                         (6)                         -                                      -                                (6)
net unrealized (losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                        (3)                       (48)                        (82)                       15                                           (118)
total mark-to-market (losses) in revenues                                                                   $(3)                      $(88)                       $(86)                                  $13                              $(164)
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains) on settled positions related to economic hedges        $(3)                      $-                          $-                                     $2                               $(1)
reversal of acquired loss/(gain) positions related to economic hedges                                       42            235                                     (15)                                   -                    262
net unrealized gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                           949                       1,568           117                                                (15)                             2,619
total mark-to-market gains in operating costs and expenses                                                  $988                      $1,803                      $102                                   $(13)                            $2,880
mark-to-market results consist of unrealized gains and losses on contracts that are yet to be settled. the settlement of these transactions is reflected in the same revenue or cost caption as the items being hedged.
the reversals of acquired gain or loss positions were valued based upon the forward prices on the acquisition date.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, the $83 million loss in revenues from economic hedge positions was driven by a decrease in the value of open positions as a result of increases in power prices across all segments, partially offset by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses on contracts that settled during the period. the $1.3 billion gain in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by an increase in the value of open positions as a result of increases in natural gas and power prices across all segments partially offset by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on contracts that settled during the period.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, the $164 million loss in revenues from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by a decrease in the value of open positions as a result of increases in east and west/services/other power prices, as well as the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on contracts that settled during the period. the $2.9 billion gain in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by an increase in the value of open positions as a result of increases in natural gas and power prices across all segments as well as the reversal of acquired contracts that settled during the year.
in accordance with asc 815, the following table represents the results of the company's financial and physical trading of energy commodities for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021. the realized and unrealized financial and physical trading results are included in revenue. the company's trading activities are subject to limits within the company's risk management policy.
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                         2022   2021
trading gains/(losses)
realized                           $6                          $124
unrealized                        (4)                          (32)
total trading gains                $2                           $92
operations and maintenance expenses operations and maintenance expenses are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             texas                   east                 west/services/other                  corporate   eliminations                 total year ended december 31, 2022           $749                   $391                           $214                            $1         $(3)                    $1,352
year ended december 31, 2021            703       452                                         218                             2         (5)                      1,370
operations and maintenance expenses decreased by $18 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, due to the following:
(in millions)
decrease due to the sale of fossil generating assets to generation bridge in december 2021                                                                                                               $(90)
decrease due to current year settled property insurance claims for extended outages at w.a. parish and limestone, primarily offset by the cost of restoration efforts at w.a. parish in 2022              (35)
decrease due to midwest generation asset retirements in the second quarter of 2022 as well as spare parts inventory reserves in 2021                                                                      (20)
decrease driven by current year scrap proceeds associated with the demolition of the encina site                                                                                                           (4)
decrease driven by higher maintenance in 2021 resulting from the impacts of winter storm uri                                                                                                               (2)
increase due to scope of outages at the texas coal and gas facilities (excluding w.a. parish included above) in 2022, partially offset by a prior year planned outage at stp                                69
increase in variable operation and maintenance expense at the pjm coal facilities associated with increased generation during 2022                                                                          39
increase in estimates of environmental remediation costs at deactivated sites in the east and west/services/other                                                                                           25
increase driven by higher retail operations costs primarily to support growth at airtron                                                                                                                     6
other                                                                                                                                                                                                      (6)
decrease in operations and maintenance expense                                                                                                                                                           $(18)
other cost of operations other cost of operations are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             texas                   east                 west/services/other                  total year ended december 31, 2022           $246                   $149                            $16                        $411
year ended december 31, 2021            194       129                                          16            339
other cost of operations increased by $72 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, due to the following:
(in millions)
decrease due to the sale of fossil generating assets to generation bridge in december 2021               $(30)
increase in retail gross receipt taxes due to higher revenues                                               51
increase due to changes in current year aro cost estimates, primarily at jewett mine                        28
increase due to higher property insurance premiums                                                          18
other                                                                                                        5
increase in other cost of operations                                                                       $72
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expenses are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             texas                   east                 west/services/other                  corporate                  total year ended december 31, 2022           $310                   $208                            $85                           $31                     $634
year ended december 31, 2021            336       333                                          88                            28                      785
depreciation and amortization expense decreased by $151 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to lower depreciation as a result of asset impairments, sales, and retirements, as well as lower amortization as a result of the expected roll off of acquired intangibles.
impairment losses during the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recorded impairment losses of $206 million, of which $150 million were related to the decline in pjm capacity prices and the near-term retirement date of the joliet facility, $43 million related to the purchase and sale agreement for the sale of the land and related assets at the astoria generating site and the planned withdrawal and cancellation of its proposed astoria redevelopment project, and an additional $13 million in the east segment.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, the company recorded impairment losses of $544 million, of which $306 million was recorded in the second quarter related to the decline in capacity prices and the planned retirement of a significant portion of the pjm coal fleet, $213 million in the fourth quarter as a result of changes in the long-term outlook of the joliet facility prompted by market conditions and an assessment of various alternatives for the long-term operational landscape of the facility including the impact of the ceja in illinois, and $25 million related to various other power plants.
refer to item 15 - note 11, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
selling, general and administrative costs selling, general and administrative costs are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                                      texas                   east                 west/services/other                  corporate           total year ended december 31, 2022                    $559                   $428                           $202                           $39            $1,228
year ended december 31, 2021        574                                 472                            198                            49             1,293
selling, general and administrative costs decreased by $65 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, due to the following:
(in millions)
decrease due to winter storm uri, including charitable giving, legal and other costs of $20 million in 2021, ercot default charges of $9 million in 2021, and the reversal of the ercot default charges of $9 million in 2022             $(38)
decrease in personnel costs                                                                                                                                                                                                                (30)
decrease in transition service agreement costs related to the direct energy acquisition                                                                                                                                                    (21)
decrease in marketing and media expenses                                                                                                                                                                                                   (17)
increase in broker fee expenses, partially offset by lower commissions expenses                                                                                                                                                              22
increase due to higher consulting expenses including spending related to company's growth initiatives                                                                                                                                        13
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         6
decrease in selling, general and administrative costs                                                                                                                                                                                     $(65)
provision for credit losses provision for credit losses are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                                texas                       east                 west/services/other                total year ended december 31, 2022                 $(40)                    $28                            $23                       $11
year ended december 31, 2021        678                    8                                          12            698
provision for credit losses decreased by $687 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, due to the following:
(in millions)
decrease due to winter storm uri, including :decrease of $403 million related to bilateral financial hedging risk in 2021 as well as $70 million of loss mitigation in 2022decrease of $126 million related to counterparty credit risk in 2021 as well as $12 million of loss mitigation in 2022decrease of $67 million related to ercot default shortfall payments in 2021 as well as $44 million of loss mitigation in 2022         $(722)
increase due to higher revenues and deteriorated customer payment behavior                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             35
decrease in provision for credit losses                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $(687)
acquisition-related transaction and integration costs acquisition-related transaction and integration costs were $52 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, which included $34 million of integration costs, primarily related to direct energy, and $18 million of acquisitions costs, primarily related to the planned acquisition of vivint. acquisition-related transaction and integration costs of $93 million were incurred during the year ended december 31, 2021, related to direct energy, of which $25 million were acquisition-related transaction costs and $68 million were integration costs, primarily related to employee costs, software costs and consulting services.
gain on sale of assets the gain on sale of assets of $52 million and $247 million recorded for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, include:
as of december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                        2022                          2021
sale of 4,850 mw of fossil generating assets to generation bridge in december of 2021           $(3)                          $210
sale of the company's 49% ownership in the watson natural gas generating facility                 46                             -
sale of the company's 50% ownership in petra nova                                                 22                             -
sale of a deactivated site in november 2021                                                        -                            20
sale of agua caliente in february 2021                                                             -                            17
other asset sales                                                                               (13)                             -
gain on sale of assets                                                                           $52                          $247
loss on debt extinguishment a loss on debt extinguishment of $77 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2021, driven by the redemption of senior notes as further discussed in item 15 - note 13, long-term debt and finance leases, to the consolidated financial statements.
interest expense interest expense decreased by $68 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to debt reduction and the refinancing of debt to lower interest rates in the second half of 2021.
income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2022, nrg recorded income tax expense of $442 million on pre-tax income of $1.7 billion. for the same period in 2021, nrg recorded income tax expense of $672 million on pre-tax income of $2.9 billion. the effective tax rate was 26.6% and 23.5% for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, nrg's overall effective tax rate was higher than the federal statutory tax rate of 21% primarily due to state tax expense, partially offset by the recognition of carbon capture tax credits.
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except effective income tax rate)                 2022                            2021
income before income taxes                               $1,663                          $2,859
tax at federal statutory tax rate                           349                             600
foreign rate differential                                     7                             (3)
state taxes                                                  69                             111
deferred impact of state tax rate changes                    14                            (10)
changes in valuation allowance                              (3)                            (29)
permanent differences                                        17                               8
return to provision adjustments                               -                               5
carbon capture tax credits                                 (19)                               -
recognition of uncertain tax benefits                         8                            (10)
income tax expense                                         $442                            $672
effective income tax rate                                  26.6    %                       23.5    %
the effective income tax rate may vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of earnings and losses and changes in valuation allowances in accordance with asc 740, income taxes ("asc 740"). these factors and others, including the company's history of pre-tax earnings and losses, are taken into account in assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity position as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, nrg's liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, was approximately $2.8 billion and $2.7 billion, respectively, comprised of the following:
as of december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                2022                            2021
cash and cash equivalents:                                                                              $430                            $250
restricted cash - operating                                                                                5                               4
restricted cash - reserves (a)                                                                            35                              11
total                                                                                                    470                             265
total availability under revolving credit facility and collective collateral facilities(b)             2,324                           2,421
total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties                               $2,794                          $2,686
(a)includes reserves primarily for debt service, performance obligations and capital expenditures
(b)total capacity of revolving credit facility and collective collateral facilities was $6.4 billion and $5.9 billion as of december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, respectively as of december 31, 2022, total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, increased by $108 million. changes in cash and cash equivalent balances are further discussed under the heading cash flow discussion. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2022, were predominantly held in money market funds invested in treasury securities, treasury repurchase agreements or government agency debt.
management believes that the company's liquidity position and cash flows from operations will be adequate to finance operating and maintenance capital expenditures, to fund dividends to nrg's common stockholders, and to fund other liquidity commitments. management continues to regularly monitor the company's ability to finance the needs of its operating, financing and investing activity within the dictates of prudent balance sheet management.
credit ratings on december 6, 2022, following the vivint acquisition announcement, standard & poor's placed nrg's issuer credit of bb+ on creditwatch with negative implications. concurrently, fitch assigned nrg a first-time issuer default rating of bb+ with a stable outlook. there was no change to moody's rating during the year ended december 31, 2022.
the following table summarizes the company's current credit ratings:
s&amp;p   moody's           fitch nrg energy, inc.         bb+ negative   ba1 stable        bb+ stable
3.75% senior secured notes, due 2024                 bbb-   baa3              bbb-
2.00% senior secured notes, due 2025                 bbb-   baa3              bbb-
2.45% senior secured notes, due 2027                 bbb-   baa3              bbb-
6.625% senior notes, due 2027                  bb+   ba2               bb+
5.75% senior notes, due 2028                  bb+   ba2               bb+
3.375% senior notes, due 2029                  bb+   ba2               bb+
4.45% senior secured notes, due 2029                 bbb-   baa3              bbb-
5.25% senior notes, due 2029                  bb+   ba2               bb+
3.625% senior notes, due 2031                  bb+   ba2               bb+
3.875% senior notes, due 2032                  bb+   ba2               bb+
revolving credit facility, due 2024                 bbb-   baa3              bbb-
liquidity the principal sources of liquidity for nrg's operating and capital expenditures are expected to be derived from cash on hand, cash flows from operations and financing arrangements. as described in item 15 - note 13, long-term debt and finance leases, to the consolidated financial statements, the company's financing arrangements consist mainly of the senior notes, convertible senior notes, senior secured first lien notes, revolving credit facility, and tax-exempt bonds.
the company's requirements for liquidity and capital resources, other than for operating its facilities, can generally be categorized by the following: (i) market operations activities; (ii) debt service obligations, as described more fully in item 15 - note 13, long-term debt and finance leases, to the consolidated financial statements; (iii) capital expenditures, including maintenance, repowering, development, and environmental; and (iv) allocations in connection with acquisition opportunities, debt repayments, share repurchases and dividend payments to stockholders, as described in item 15 - note 16, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements.
the company remains committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet and continues to work to achieve investment grade credit metrics over time primarily through debt reduction and the realization of growth initiatives.
ercot securitization proceeds during february 2021, texas experienced unprecedented cold temperatures for a prolonged duration as a result of winter storm uri, resulting in a power emergency, blackouts, and an estimated all-time peak demand of 77 gw (without load shed). in 2021, the texas legislature passed hb 4492 for ercot to mitigate exceptionally high price adders and ancillary service costs incurred by lses during winter storm uri. hb 4492 authorized ercot to obtain $2.1 billion of financing to distribute to lses that were charged and paid to ercot those highly priced ancillary service and ordpa during winter storm uri. the company accounted for the proceeds as a reduction to cost of operations within its consolidated statements of operations in the 2021 annual period for which the proceeds were intended to compensate. during the year ended december 31, 2021, winter storm uri's pre-tax financial impact to the company was a loss of $380 million, which reflects the recovery of $689 million of cost of operations as a result of the proceeds. the company received the proceeds of $689 million from ercot in june 2022.
winter storm uri credit loss recoveries during winter storm uri, in february 2021, the company experienced nonperformance by a counterparty in one of its bilateral financial hedging transactions, resulting in exposure of $403 million. during december 2022, the company received $70 million as part of the company's loss mitigation efforts in settlement of this exposure.
brazos electric cooperative bankruptcy as further discussed in item 1 - business, regulatory matters, the company received $29 million as a result of brazos' chapter 11 plan and the related ercot settlement.
revolving credit facility on february 14, 2023, the company amended its revolving credit facility to: (i) increase the existing revolving commitments thereunder by $600 million, (ii) extend the maturity date of a portion of the revolving commitments thereunder to february 14, 2028, (iii) transition the benchmark rate applicable to revolving loans from libor to sofr and (iv) make certain other amendments to the terms of the revolving credit facility for purposes of, among other things, providing additional flexibility. see note 13, long-term debt and finance leases for further discussion.
receivables securitization facilities on february 9, 2022, the company entered into amendments to its existing repurchase facility to, among other things, (i) increase the size of the facility from $75 million to $150 million and (ii) replace libor with term sofr as the benchmark for the pricing rate. on july 26, 2022, the company renewed its existing repurchase facility to extend the maturity date to july 26, 2023. the repurchase facility has no commitment fee and borrowings will be drawn at sofr + 1.30%. as of december 31, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings.
on july 26, 2022, nrg receivables llc, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the company, entered into an amendment to its receivables facility dated september 22, 2020, with a group of conduit lenders and banks and royal bank of canada, as administrative agent to, among other things, (i) extend the scheduled termination date by one year, (ii) increase the aggregate commitments from $800 million to $1.0 billion, (iii) increase the letter of credit sublimit to equal the aggregate commitments, (iv) replace libor with term sofr as the benchmark for borrowings and (v) add new originators. the weighted average interest rate related to usage under the receivables facility as of december 31, 2022 was 0.844%. as of december 31, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings and there were $721 million in letters of credit issued under the receivables facility.
bilateral letter of credit facilities on april 29, 2022, may 27, 2022 and october 13, 2022, the company increased the size of the facilities by $100 million, $50 million and $50 million, respectively, to provide additional liquidity, allowing for the issuance of up to $675 million of letters of credit. as of december 31, 2022, $668 million was issued under these facilities.
vivint acquisition on december 6, 2022, nrg and vivint announced the entry into a definitive agreement under which the company will acquire vivint in an all-cash transaction. the company will pay $12 per share, or approximately $2.8 billion in cash, and expects to fund the acquisition using proceeds from newly issued debt and preferred equity, drawing on its revolving credit facility and receivables securitization facilities, and through cash on hand. additionally, in the first quarter of 2023, nrg increased its revolving credit facility by $600 million to meet the additional liquidity requirements related to the acquisition. close of the acquisition is targeted for the first quarter of 2023 and is subject to customary closing conditions. see item 15 - note 4, acquisitions and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
astoria on january 6, 2023, the company closed on the sale of land and related assets from the astoria site, within the east region of operations, for initial proceeds of $212 million subject to transactions fees of $3 million and certain indemnifications. as part of the transaction, nrg entered into an agreement to lease the land back for the purpose of operating the astoria gas turbines through the planned april 30, 2023, retirement date. the operating lease agreement is expected to end six months after the facility's actual retirement date. see item 15 - note 4, acquisitions and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
sale of watson on june 1, 2022, the company closed on the sale of its 49% ownership in the watson natural gas generating facility for $59 million. nrg recognized a gain on the sale of $46 million.
w.a. parish extended outage in may 2022, w.a. parish unit 8 came offline as a result of damage to certain components of the steam turbine/generator. based on work completed to date, the company is targeting to return the unit to service by the end of the second quarter of 2023. the company is working with its insurers related to claims surrounding the outage and has received partial settlements in the fourth quarter of 2022.
cares act on march 27, 2020, the u.s. government enacted the cares act, which provides, among other things: (i) the option to defer payments of certain 2019 employer payroll taxes incurred after the date of enactment; and (ii) allows nols from tax years 2018, 2019, and 2020 to be carried back five years. the total benefit to the company due to the cares act was $35 million. of this amount, $13 million related to certain 2019 employer payroll taxes was paid in 2022. all deferred employer payroll taxes have been repaid as of december 31, 2022.
pension and other postretirement benefit contributions as of december 31, 2022, the company's estimated pension minimum funding requirements for the next 5 years were $171 million, of which $83 million are required to be made within the next 12 months. as of december 31, 2022, the company's estimated other postretirement benefits minimum funding requirements for the next 5 years were $32 million, of which $7 million are required to be made within the next 12 months. these amounts represent estimates based on assumptions that are subject to change. for further discussion, see item 15 - note 15, benefit plans and other postretirement benefits, to the consolidated financial statements.
debt service obligations principal payments on debt and finance leases as of december 31, 2022, are due in the following periods:
(in millions)
description                                     2023                         2024                  2025                  2026                    2027                 thereafter                    total recourse debt:
senior notes, due 2027                          $-                          $-                    $-                    $-                    $375                      $-                       $375
senior notes, due 2028                          -                            -                     -                     -                       -                     821                        821
senior notes, due 2029                          -                            -                     -                     -                       -                     733                        733
senior notes, due 2029                          -                            -                     -                     -                       -                     500                        500
senior notes, due 2031                          -                            -                     -                     -                       -                   1,030                      1,030
senior notes, due 2032                          -                            -                     -                     -                       -                   1,100                      1,100
convertible senior notes, due 2048              -                            -                     -                     -                       -                     575                        575
senior secured first lien notes, due 2024       -                          600                     -                     -                       -                       -                        600
senior secured first lien notes, due 2025       -                            -                   500                     -                       -                       -                        500
senior secured first lien notes, due 2027       -                            -                     -                     -                     900                       -                        900
senior secured first lien notes, due 2029       -                            -                     -                     -                       -                     500                        500
tax-exempt bonds                                59                           -                   247                     -                       -                     160                        466
subtotal recourse debt                          59                         600                   747                     -                   1,275                   5,419                      8,100
finance leases:
finance leases                                  4                            4                     2                     1                       -                       -                         11
total debt and finance leases                   $63                       $604                  $749                    $1                  $1,275                  $5,419                     $8,111
interest payments                               $390                      $370                  $358                  $355                    $298                    $878                     $2,649
for further discussion, see item 15 - note 13, long-term debt and finance leases.
market operations the company's market operations activities require a significant amount of liquidity and capital resources. these liquidity requirements are primarily driven by: (i) margin and collateral posted with counterparties; (ii) margin and collateral required to participate in physical markets and commodity exchanges; (iii) timing of disbursements and receipts (e.g. buying fuel before receiving energy revenues); and (iv) initial collateral for large structured transactions. as of december 31, 2022, market operations had total cash collateral outstanding of $260 million and $4.0 billion outstanding in letters of credit to third parties primarily to support its market activities. as of december 31, 2022, total funds deposited by counterparties were $1.7 billion in cash and $888 million of letters of credit.
the company has entered into long-term contractual arrangements to procure certain fuel and transportation services for the company's generation assets. as of december 31, 2022, the company had minimum payment obligations under such outstanding agreements of $452 million, with $110 million payable within the next 12 months. additionally, the company has long-term contractual commitments related to electricity and natural gas products, including power purchases, gas transportation and storage of various quantities and durations. as of december 31, 2022, the company had minimum purchased energy commitments under long-term contracts of $4.3 billion, with $908 million payable within the next 12 months, and an additional $1.5 billion of short-term purchase energy commitments. for further discussion, see item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies.
future liquidity requirements may change based on the company's hedging activities and structures, fuel purchases, and future market conditions, including forward prices for energy and fuel and market volatility. in addition, liquidity requirements are dependent on the company's credit ratings and general perception of its creditworthiness.
first lien structure nrg has granted first liens to certain counterparties on a substantial portion of the company's assets, subject to various exclusions including nrg's assets that have project-level financing and the assets of certain non-guarantor subsidiaries, to reduce the amount of cash collateral and letters of credit that it would otherwise be required to post from time to time to support its obligations under out-of-the-money hedge agreements for forward sales of power or mwh equivalents. the first lien program does not limit the volume that can be hedged or the value of underlying out-of-the-money positions. the first lien program also does not require nrg to post collateral above any threshold amount of exposure. the first lien structure is not subject to unwind or termination upon a ratings downgrade of a counterparty and has no stated maturity date.
the company's first lien counterparties may have a claim on its assets to the extent market prices exceed the hedged prices. as of december 31, 2022, all hedges under the first liens were out-of-the-money on a counterparty aggregate basis.
the following table summarizes the amount of mw hedged against the company's coal and nuclear assets and as a percentage relative to the company's coal and nuclear capacity under the first lien structure as of december 31, 2022:
equivalent net sales secured by first lien structure (a)                        2023
in mw                                                                            608
as a percentage of total net coal and nuclear capacity (b)                       17%
(a)equivalent net sales include natural gas swaps converted using a weighted average heat rate by region
(b)net coal and nuclear capacity, inclusive of expected outages, represents 80% of the company's total coal and nuclear assets eligible under the first lien, which excludes coal assets acquired in the midwest generation acquisition capital expenditures the following table summarizes the company's capital expenditures for maintenance, environmental and growth investments for the year ended december 31, 2022:
(in millions)                                      maintenance       environmental              growth investments(a)           total texas                                              $(205)            $(1)                             $(67)                $(273)
east                                               (3)               -                                  (4)                   (7)
west/services/other                                (23)              -                                 (14)                  (37)
corporate                                          (4)               -                                 (46)                  (50)
total cash capital expenditures for 2022           (235)             (1)                              (131)                 (367)
investments                                        -                 -                                (118)                 (118)
total capital expenditures and investments         $(235)            $(1)                            $(249)                $(485)
(a)includes other investments, acquisitions and integration projects growth investments for the year ended december 31, 2022, include expenditures for small book acquisitions, service acquisitions, integration operating expenses, as well as the encina site improvements classified as aro payments. nrg has completed its demolition activities at the site and has begun marketing the site.
environmental capital expenditures estimate nrg estimates that environmental capital expenditures from 2023 through 2027 required to comply with environmental laws will be approximately $42 million. the largest component is the cost of complying with elg at the company's coal units in texas.
63
the table below summarizes the status of nrg's coal fleet with respect to air quality controls. nrg uses an integrated approach to fuels, controls and emissions markets to meet environmental requirements.
so2                                                                                                   nox                                               mercury                                              particulate units                      state       control equipment                      install date       control equipment                  install date       control equipment                  install date       control equipment                     install date indian river 4             de          cds                                            2011              lnbofa/scr                     1999/2011              aci/cds/ff                     2008/2011                  esp/ff                        1980/2011
limestone 1-2              tx          fgd                                         1985-86                  lnbofa                     2002/2003                     aci                          2015                     esp                        1985-1986
powerton 5                 il          dsi                                            2016                ofa/sncr                     2003/2012                     aci                          2009             esp/upgrade                        1973/2016
powerton 6                 il          dsi                                            2014                ofa/sncr                     2002/2012                     aci                          2009             esp/upgrade                        1976/2014
w.a. parish 5, 6, 7        tx          ff co-benefit                                  1988                     scr                          2004                     aci                          2015                      ff                             1988
w.a. parish 8              tx          fgd                                            1982                     scr                          2004                     aci                          2015                      ff                             1988
aci - activated carbon injectioncds - circulating dry scrubberdsi - dry sorbent injection with tronaesp - electrostatic precipitatorfgd - flue gas desulfurization (wet)         ff- fabric filterlnbofa - low nox burner with overfire airofa - overfire airscr - selective catalytic reductionsncr - selective non-catalytic reduction the following table summarizes the estimated environmental capital expenditures by year:
(in millions)                total
2023              $17
2024               15
2025               10
total              $42
asset sales target nrg is targeting additional asset sales with projected proceeds, net of any required deleveraging, of $500 million during 2023.
share repurchases in december 2021, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase $1.0 billion of its common stock, of which $44 million was repurchased in 2021. during the year ended december 31, 2022, the company repurchased $601 million of shares at an average price of $40.50 per share, including $6 million of equivalent shares purchased in lieu of tax withholdings on equity compensation issuances. the remaining $355 million repurchases under the $1.0 billion authorization are expected to be repurchased in 2023, subject to the availability of excess cash and full visibility of the achievement of the company's 2023 targeted credit metrics. see item 15 - note 16, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
dividend increase in the first quarter of 2022, nrg increased the annual dividend to $1.40 from $1.30 per share. the company returned $334 million of capital to shareholders in the year ended 2022 through a $1.40 dividend per common share. in 2023, nrg further increased the annual dividend to $1.51 per share, representing an 8% increase from 2022. the company expects to target an annual dividend growth rate of 7-9% per share in subsequent years.
on january 20, 2023, nrg declared a quarterly dividend on the company's common stock of $0.3775 per share, or $1.51 per share on an annualized basis, payable on february 15, 2023, to stockholders of record as of february 1, 2023. the company's common stock dividends are subject to available capital, market conditions, and compliance with associated laws and regulations.
additional material cash requirements not discussed above operating leases - the company leases generating facilities, land, office and equipment, railcars, fleet vehicles and storefront space at retail stores. as of december 31, 2022, the company had lease payment obligations of $311 million, of which $97 million is payable within the next 12 months. for further discussion, see item 15 - note 10, leases.
other liabilities - other liabilities includes water right agreements, service and maintenance agreements, stadium naming rights, stadium sponsorships, long-term service agreements and other contractual obligations. as of december 31,
2022, the company had total of $266 million under such commitments, of which $66 million are payable within the next 12 months.
contingent obligations for guarantees - nrg and its subsidiaries enter into various contracts that include indemnifications and guarantee provisions as a routine part of the company's business activities. for further discussion, see item 15 -note 27, guarantees.
obligations arising out of a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity variable interest in equity investments - nrg's investment in ivanpah is a variable interest entity for which nrg is not the primary beneficiary. see also item 15 - note 17, investments accounted for by the equity method and variable interest entities, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion. nrg's pro-rata share of non-recourse debt was approximately $478 million as of december 31, 2022. this indebtedness may restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to issue dividends or distributions to nrg.
cash flow discussion
2022 compared to 2021
the following table reflects the changes in cash flows for the comparative years:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                              2022   2021                            change cash provided by operating activities                 $360                            $493        $(133)
cash used by investing activities                    (332)                         (3,039)        2,707
cash provided/(used) by financing activities         1,043                           (272)        1,315
cash provided by operating activities changes to cash (used)/provided by operating activities were driven by:
(in millions)
decrease in operating income adjusted for other non-cash items                                                                                                                                                                               $(1,161)
increase due to receipt of uplift securitization proceeds from ercot in 2022                                                                                                                                                                      689
increase in working capital primarily attributable to the impact of higher market prices on accounts payable, partially offset by a decrease working capital related to higher priced natural gas inventory and accounts receivable               300
changes in cash collateral in support of risk management activities due to change in commodity prices                                                                                                                                              99
other changes in working capital primarily driven by lower personnel costs                                                                                                                                                                       (60)
$(133)
cash used by investing activities changes to cash provided/(used) by investing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
increase as a result of less cash paid for acquisitions of assets primarily for direct energy in 2021                                          $3,497
decrease in proceeds from sale of assets primarily due to the prior year's sales of the fossil generating assets and agua caliente              (721)
increase in capital expenditures                                                                                                                 (98)
increase due to fewer purchases of investments in nuclear decommissioning trust fund securities, net of sales                                      35
decrease in sales of emissions allowances                                                                                                         (6)
$2,707
cash provided/(used) by financing activities changes in cash provided/(used) by financing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
increase primarily due to prior year repayments of long-term debt                                    $1,856
decrease in proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                                (1,100)
increase in net receipts from settlement of acquired derivatives                                      1,057
increase in payments for share repurchase activity                                                    (558)
increase due to payments of debt extinguishment costs and deferred issuance costs in 2021                74
increase in payments of dividends to common stockholders                                               (13)
other                                                                                                   (1)
$1,315
nols, deferred tax assets and uncertain tax position implications for the year ended december 31, 2022, the company had domestic pre-tax book income of $1.4 billion and foreign pre-tax book income of $227 million. for the year ended december 31, 2022, the company utilized u.s. federal nols of $206 million due to current year taxable income, and tax credits of $8 million. as of december 31, 2022, the company has cumulative u.s. federal nol carryforwards of $8.2 billion, which do not have an expiration date, and cumulative state nol carryforwards of $5.3 billion for financial statement purposes. nrg also has cumulative foreign nol carryforwards of $382 million, most of which have no expiration date. in addition to the above nols, nrg has a $270 million indefinite carryforward for interest deductions, as well as $393 million of tax credits to be utilized in future years. as a result of the company's tax position, including the utilization of federal and state nols, and based on current forecasts, the company anticipates income tax payments, due to federal, state and foreign jurisdictions, of up to $59 million in 2023.
the company has $22 million of tax effected uncertain federal and state tax benefits for which the company has recorded a non-current tax liability of $24 million (including accrued interest) until such final resolution with the related taxing authority.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2019. with few exceptions, state and canadian income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2014.
guarantor financial information as of december 31, 2022, the company's outstanding registered senior notes consisted of $375 million of the 2027 senior notes and $821 million of the 2028 senior notes, as shown in note 13, long-term debt and finance leases. these senior notes are guaranteed by certain of nrg's current and future 100% owned domestic subsidiaries, or guarantor subsidiaries (the "guarantors"). see exhibit 22.1 for a listing of the guarantors. these guarantees are both joint and several.
nrg conducts much of its business through and derives much of its income from its subsidiaries. therefore, the company's ability to make required payments with respect to its indebtedness and other obligations depends on the financial results and condition of its subsidiaries and nrg's ability to receive funds from its subsidiaries. there are no restrictions on the ability of any of the guarantors to transfer funds to nrg. other subsidiaries of the company do not guarantee the registered debt securities of either nrg energy, inc. or the guarantors (such subsidiaries are referred to as the "non-guarantors"). the non-guarantors include all of nrg's foreign subsidiaries and certain domestic subsidiaries.
the tables below present summarized financial information of nrg energy, inc. and the guarantors in accordance with rule 3-10 under the sec's regulation s-x. the financial information may not necessarily be indicative of results of operations or financial position of nrg energy, inc. and the guarantors in accordance with u.s. gaap.
the following table presents the summarized statement of operations:
(in millions)                                                     for the year ended december 31, 2022
revenues(a)                                                                     $27,682
operating income(b)                                                               1,954
total other expense                                                               (322)
income from continuing operations before income taxes                             1,632
net income                                                                        1,247
(a)intercompany transactions with non-guarantors include revenue of $24 million during the year ended december 31, 2022
(b)intercompany transactions with non-guarantors including cost of operations of $(375) million and selling, general and administrative of $204 million during the year ended december 31, 2022
the following table presents the summarized balance sheet information:
(in millions)                                 december 31, 2022
current assets(a)                               $12,707
property, plant and equipment, net                1,389
non-current assets                               13,132
current liabilities(b)                           12,170
non-current liabilities                          11,860
(a)includes intercompany receivables due from non-guarantors of $30 million as of december 31, 2022
(b)includes intercompany payables due to non-guarantors of $96 million as of december 31, 2022
fair value of derivative instruments nrg may enter into power purchase and sales contracts, fuel purchase contracts and other energy-related financial instruments to mitigate variability in earnings due to fluctuations in spot market prices and to hedge fuel requirements at power plants or retail load obligations. in addition, in order to mitigate foreign exchange rate risk primarily associated with the purchase of usd denominated natural gas for the company's canadian business, nrg enters into foreign exchange contract agreements.
nrg's trading activities are subject to limits in accordance with the company's risk management policy. these contracts are recognized on the balance sheet at fair value and changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments are recognized in earnings.
the tables below disclose the activities that include both exchange and non-exchange traded contracts accounted for at fair value in accordance with asc 820, fair value measurements and disclosures ("asc 820"). specifically, these tables disaggregate realized and unrealized changes in fair value; disaggregate estimated fair values at december 31, 2022, based on their level within the fair value hierarchy defined in asc 820; and indicate the maturities of contracts at december 31, 2022. for a full discussion of the company's valuation methodology of its contracts, see derivative fair value measurements in item 15 - note 5, fair value of financial instruments, to the consolidated financial statements.
derivative activity gains/(losses)                                     (in millions)
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2021                        $2,341
contracts realized or otherwise settled during the period             (1,225)
changes in fair value                                                   2,437
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2022                        $3,553
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2022
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                           maturity fair value hierarchy gains           1 year or less                     greater than 1 year to 3 years                    greater than 3 years to 5 years                    greater than5 years                     total fairvalue level 1                                 $219                                         $427                                                $22                                        $17                                 $685
level 2                                1,354          794                                                186                                                29                                                         2,363
level 3                                  118          74                                                 88                                                 225                                    505
total                                 $1,691                                       $1,295                                               $296                                       $271                               $3,553
the company has elected to disclose derivative assets and liabilities on a trade-by-trade basis and does not offset amounts at the counterparty master agreement level. also, collateral received or posted on the company's derivative assets or liabilities are recorded on a separate line item on the balance sheet. consequently, the magnitude of the changes in individual current and non-current derivative assets or liabilities is higher than the underlying credit and market risk of the company's portfolio. as discussed in item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, commodity price risk, nrg measures the sensitivity of the company's portfolio to potential changes in market prices using var, a statistical model which attempts to predict risk of loss based on market price and volatility. nrg's risk management policy places a limit on one-day holding period var, which limits the company's net open position. as the company's trade-by-trade derivative accounting results in a gross-up of the company's derivative assets and liabilities, the net derivative assets and liability position is a better indicator of nrg's hedging activity. as of december 31, 2022, nrg's net derivative asset was $3.6 billion, an increase to total fair value of $1.2 billion as compared to december 31, 2021. this increase was primarily driven by gains in fair value, partially offset by roll-off of trades that settled during the period.
based on a sensitivity analysis using simplified assumptions, the impact of a $0.50 per mmbtu increase in natural gas prices across the term of the derivative contracts would result in an increase of approximately $1.4 billion in the net value of derivatives as of december 31, 2022.
the impact of a $0.50 per mmbtu decrease in natural gas prices across the term of the derivative contracts would result in a decrease of approximately $1.4 billion in the net value of derivatives as of december 31, 2022.
critical accounting estimates the company's discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based upon the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with gaap requires the application of appropriate technical accounting rules and guidance as well as the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. the application of appropriate technical accounting rules and guidance involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges, and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. these judgments, in and of themselves, could materially affect the financial statements and disclosures based on varying assumptions, which may be appropriate to use. in addition, the financial and operating environment may also have a significant effect, not only on the operation of the business, but on the results reported through the application of accounting measures used in preparing the financial statements and related disclosures, even if the accounting guidance has not changed.
nrg evaluates these estimates, on an ongoing basis, utilizing historic experience, consultation with experts and other methods the company considers reasonable. in any event, actual results may differ substantially from the company's estimates. any effects on the company's business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the information that gives rise to the revision becomes known.
the company identifies its most critical accounting estimates as those that are the most pervasive and important to the portrayal of the company's financial position and results of operations, and require the most difficult, subjective, and/or complex judgments by management about matters that are inherently uncertain.
such accounting estimates include:
accounting estimate                                                  judgments/uncertainties affecting application derivative instruments                                               assumptions used in valuation techniques market maturity and economic conditions contract interpretation market conditions in the energy industry, especially the effects of price volatility on contractual commitments income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets         interpret existing tax statute and regulations upon application to transactions ability to utilize tax benefits through carry backs to prior periods and carry forwards to future periods evaluation of assets for impairment                                  regulatory and political environments and requirements estimated useful lives of assets environmental obligations and operational limitations estimates of future cash flows estimates of fair value judgment about impairment triggering events goodwill and other intangible assets                                 estimated useful lives for finite-lived intangible assets judgment about impairment triggering events estimates of reporting unit's fair value fair value estimate of intangible assets acquired in business combinations business combinations                                                fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations estimated future cash flow estimated useful lives of assets contingencies                                                        estimated financial impact of event(s)
judgment about likelihood of event(s) occurring regulatory and political environments and requirements derivative instruments the company follows the guidance of asc 815, derivatives and hedging "(asc 815"), to account for derivative instruments. asc 815 requires the company to mark-to-market all derivative instruments on the balance sheet and recognize fair value change in earnings, unless they qualify for the npns exception. asc 815 applies to nrg's energy related commodity contracts, interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts.
for purposes of measuring the fair value of derivative instruments, the company uses quoted exchange prices and broker quotes. when external prices are not available, nrg uses internal models to determine the fair value. these internal models include assumptions of the future prices of energy commodities based on the specific market in which the energy commodity is being purchased or sold, using externally available forward market pricing curves for all periods possible under the pricing model. these estimations are considered to be critical accounting estimates.
in order to mitigate foreign exchange risk primarily associated with the purchase of usd denominated natural gas for the company's canadian business, the company enters into foreign exchange contract agreements.
certain derivative instruments that meet the criteria for derivative accounting treatment also qualify for a scope exception to derivative accounting, as they are considered to be npns. the availability of this exception is based upon the assumption that the company has the ability and it is probable to deliver or take delivery of the underlying item. these assumptions are based on expected load requirements, internal forecasts of sales and generation and historical physical delivery on contracts. derivatives that are considered to be npns are exempt from derivative accounting treatment and are accounted for under accrual accounting. if it is determined that a transaction designated as npns no longer meets the scope exception due to changes in estimates, the related contract would be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value combined with the immediate recognition through earnings.
income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2022, nrg's deferred tax assets were primarily the result of u.s. federal and state nols, the difference between book and tax basis in property, plant, and equipment, and tax credit carryforwards. the realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the company's ability to generate sufficient future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible, prior to the expiration of the tax attributes. the evaluation of deferred tax assets requires judgment in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the company's financial statements or tax returns and forecasting future profitability by tax jurisdiction.
the company evaluates its deferred tax assets quarterly on a jurisdictional basis to determine whether adjustments to the valuation allowance are appropriate considering changes in facts or circumstances. as of each reporting date, management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, when determining the future realization of the company's deferred tax assets. given the company's current level of pre-tax earnings and forecasted future pre-tax earnings, the company expects to generate income before taxes in the u.s. in future periods at a level that would fully utilize its u.s. federal nol carryforwards and the majority of its state nol carryforwards prior to their expiration.
the company continues to maintain a valuation allowance of $224 million as of december 31, 2022 against deferred tax assets consisting of state net operating losses and foreign nol carryforwards in jurisdictions where the company does not currently believe that the realization of deferred tax assets is more likely than not. as of december 31, 2021, the company's valuation allowance balance was $248 million.
considerable judgment is required to determine the tax treatment of a particular item that involves interpretations of complex tax laws. the company is subject to examination by taxing authorities for income tax returns filed in the u.s. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions, including operations located in australia and canada. the company continues to be under audit for multiple years by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2019. with few exceptions, state and canadian income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2014.
nrg does not intend, nor currently foresee a need, to repatriate funds held at its international operations into the u.s. these funds are deemed to be indefinitely reinvested in its foreign operations and the company has not changed its assertion with respect to distributions of funds that would require the accrual of u.s. income tax.
evaluation of assets for impairment in accordance with asc 360, property, plant, and equipment ("asc 360"), the company evaluates property, plant and equipment and certain intangible assets for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. examples of such indicators or events include:
•significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset;
•significant adverse change in the manner an asset is being used or its physical condition;
•adverse business climate;
•accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amounts originally expected for the construction or acquisition of an asset;
•current period loss combined with a history of losses or the projection of future losses; and
•change in the company's intent about an asset from an intent to hold to a greater than 50% likelihood that an asset will be sold, or disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset, through considering project specific assumptions for long-term power and natural gas prices, escalated future project operating costs and expected plant operations. if such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets by factoring in the different courses of action available to the company. generally, fair value will be determined using valuation techniques, such as the present value of expected future cash flows. nrg uses its best estimates in making these evaluations and considers various factors, including forward price curves for energy, fuel and operating costs. however, actual future market prices and project costs could vary from the assumptions used in the company's estimates and the impact of such variations could be material.
for assets to be held and used, if the company determines that the undiscounted cash flows from the asset are less than the carrying amount of the asset, nrg must estimate fair value to determine the amount of any impairment loss. assets held-for-sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less the cost to sell. the estimation of fair value, whether in conjunction with an asset to be held and used or with an asset held-for-sale, and the evaluation of asset impairment are, by their nature, subjective. the company considers quoted market prices in active markets to the extent they are available. in the absence of such information, nrg may consider prices of similar assets, consult with brokers, or employ other valuation techniques. the company will also discount the estimated future cash flows associated with the asset using a single interest rate representative of the risk involved with such an investment or asset. the use of these methods involves the same inherent uncertainty of future cash flows as previously discussed with respect to undiscounted cash flows. actual future market prices and project costs could vary from those used in nrg's estimates and the impact of such variations could be material.
annually, during the fourth quarter, the company revises its views of power and fuel prices including the company's fundamental view for long-term prices, forecasted generation and operating and capital expenditures, in connection with the preparation of its annual budget. changes to the company's views of long-term power and fuel prices impact the company's projections of profitability, based on management's estimate of supply and demand within the sub-markets for its operations and the physical and economic characteristics of each of its businesses.
for further discussion, see item 15 -note 11 , asset impairments.
goodwill and other intangible assets at december 31, 2022, the company reported goodwill of $1.7 billion, consisting of $1.2 billion from the acquisition of direct energy in 2021 and $408 million for retail operations acquisitions, including stream energy, which was acquired in 2019.
the company applies asc 805, business combinations ("asc 805"), and asc 350, intangibles-goodwill and other ("asc 350") to account for its goodwill and intangible assets. under these standards, the company amortizes all finite-lived intangible assets over their respective estimated weighted-average useful lives, while goodwill has an indefinite life and is not amortized. goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently whenever an event or change in circumstances occurs that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. the company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is identified by assessing whether the components of the company's operating segments constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and whether segment management regularly reviews the operating results of those components. the company performs the annual goodwill impairment assessment as of december 31 or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit may be below the carrying amount. the company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment has occurred. in the absence of sufficient qualitative factors, the company performs a quantitative assessment by determining the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing to its book value. if it is determined that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount, the company's goodwill will be impaired at that time.
fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the annual goodwill impairment test will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
for further discussion, see evaluation of assets for impairment caption above, and item 15 -note 11, asset impairments.
business combinations nrg accounts for business acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting prescribed under asc 805. under this method, the company is required to record on its consolidated balance sheets the estimated fair values of the acquired company's assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. determining fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires significant estimates and judgments. fair value is determined based on the estimated price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. the acquired assets and assumed liabilities that involved the most subjectivity in determining fair value consisted of the trade names, customer relationships and derivative contracts.
the fair value of trade names and customer relationships are measured using income-based valuation methodologies, which include certain assumptions such as forecasted future cash flows, customer attrition rates, royalty rates and discount rates. the trade names are amortized to depreciation and amortization, on a straight line basis. the customer relationships are amortized to depreciation and amortization, ratably based on discounted future cash flows.
in measuring the fair value of derivative contracts for direct energy, a significant portion of the fair value of the derivative portfolio was based on price quotes from brokers in active markets who regularly facilitate those transactions and the company believes such price quotes are executable. the company does not use third-party sources that derive price based on proprietary models or market surveys. the remainder of the assets and liabilities represents contracts for which external sources or observable market quotes are not available. these contracts were valued based on various valuation techniques including but not limited to internal models based on a fundamental analysis of the market and extrapolation of observable market data with similar characteristics. the fair value of each contract was discounted using a risk free interest rate. in addition, the company applied a credit reserve to reflect credit risk. nrg describes in detail its acquisitions in item 15 - note 4, acquisitions and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements contingencies nrg records reserves for estimated losses from contingencies when information available indicates that a loss is probable and the amount of the loss, or range of loss, can be reasonably estimated. gain contingencies are not recorded until management determines it is certain that the future event will become or does become a reality. such determinations are subject to interpretations of current facts and circumstances, forecasts of future events, and estimates of the financial impacts of such events. nrg describes in detail its contingencies in item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting developments see item 15 - note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting developments.
