item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating the company and its common stock. any of the following risks, or other risks or uncertainties not presently known or currently deemed immaterial, could materially and adversely affect the company's business, results of operations or financial condition, and could, in turn, impact the trading price of the company's common stock.
risks relating to the company's businesses and operations the company operates in a highly competitive business environment, and its success depends on its ability to compete effectively, including by responding to evolving technologies and changes in consumer and customer behavior.
the company faces significant competition from other providers of news, information, entertainment and real estate-related products and services. see "business overview" for more information regarding competition within each of the company's segments. this competition continues to intensify as a result of changes in technologies, platforms and business models and corresponding changes in consumer and customer behavior. for example, enhanced internet capabilities, developments in content distribution platforms and the emergence of new media channels have increased the choices available to consumers for content consumption and adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, demand for the company's newspapers, television programs and other products and services and the price consumers are willing to pay. consumption of the company's content on third-party delivery platforms may also lead to loss of distribution and monetization control, loss of a direct relationship with consumers and lower engagement and subscription rates. while the company has multi-year agreements with several large platforms pursuant to which the company licenses its content for use on such platforms in exchange for significant payments, there is no guarantee that these content license agreements will be renewed on terms favorable to the company or at all. these trends and developments have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, both the company's circulation and subscription revenue and, in turn, advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from the company, as well as increase subscriber acquisition, retention and other costs.
technological developments have also increased competition in other ways. for example, digital video content is becoming more prevalent and attractive for many consumers via direct-to-consumer offerings, as internet streaming capabilities have enabled the disaggregation of content delivery from the ownership of network infrastructure. other digital platforms and technologies, such as user-generated content platforms and self-publishing tools, combined, in some cases, with widespread availability of sophisticated search engines and public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information and solutions, have also reduced the effort and expense of locating, gathering and disseminating data and producing and distributing certain types of content on a wide scale, allowing digital content providers, customers, suppliers and other third parties to compete with the company, often at a lower cost, and potentially diminishing the perceived value of the company's offerings. additional digital distribution channels, such as online retailers and digital marketplaces, have presented, and may continue to present, challenges to the company's business models, including its traditional book publishing model, which could adversely affect sales volume and/or pricing.
in order to compete effectively, the company must differentiate its brands and their associated products and services, respond to new technologies, distribution channels and platforms, develop new products and services and consistently anticipate and respond to changes in consumer and customer needs and preferences, which in turn, depends on many factors both within and beyond its control. for example, the company relies on brand awareness, reputation and acceptance of its high-quality differentiated content and other products and services, the breadth, depth and accuracy of information provided by its digital real estate services and professional information businesses, as well as its wide array of digital offerings, in order to retain and grow its audiences, consumers and subscribers. however, consumer preferences change frequently and are difficult to predict, and when faced with a multitude of choices, consumers may place greater value on the convenience and price of content and other products and services than they do on their source, quality or reliability. online traffic and product and service purchases are also driven by internet search results, referrals from social media and other platforms and visibility on digital marketplace platforms and in mobile app stores. search engine results and digital marketplace and mobile app store rankings are based on algorithms that are changed frequently, and social media and other platforms may also vary their emphasis on what content to highlight for users. the company has limited control over these changes, and any failure to successfully manage and adapt to them could impede the company's ability to compete effectively by significantly decreasing traffic to its digital offerings, lowering advertiser interest in those offerings, increasing costs if free traffic is replaced with paid traffic and lowering product sales and subscriptions.
the company expects to continue to pursue new strategic initiatives and develop new and enhanced products and services in order to remain competitive, such as additional streaming features and new content aggregation offerings, innovative digital news products and experiences, its recently launched talktv in the u.k. and the continued expansion into various adjacencies at its digital real estate services businesses. the company has incurred, and expects to continue to incur, significant costs in order to implement these strategies and develop these new and improved products and services, including costs relating to the initiatives referenced above, as well as other costs to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies and attract and retain employees with the necessary knowledge and skills. there can be no assurance any strategic initiatives, products and services will be successful in the manner or time period or at the cost the company expects or that it will realize the anticipated benefits it expects. the failure to realize those benefits could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
some of the company's current and potential competitors have greater resources, fewer regulatory burdens, better competitive positions in certain areas, greater operating capabilities, greater access to sources of content, data, technology or other services or strategic relationships and/or easier access to financing, which may allow them to respond more effectively to changes in technology, consumer and customer needs and preferences and market conditions. continued consolidation among competitors in certain industries in which the company operates may increase these advantages, including through greater scale, financial leverage and/or access to content, data, technology and other offerings. if the company is unable to compete successfully, its business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
a decline in customer advertising expenditures could cause the company's revenues and operating results to decline significantly.
the company derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising, and its ability to generate advertising revenue is dependent on a number of factors, including: (1) demand for the company's products and services, (2) audience fragmentation, (3) digital advertising trends, (4) its ability to offer advertising products and formats sought by advertisers, (5) general economic and business conditions, (6) demographics of the customer base, (7) advertising rates, (8) advertising effectiveness and (9) maintaining its brand strength and reputation.
demand for the company's products and services is evaluated based on a variety of metrics, which are used by advertisers to determine the amount of advertising to purchase from the company and advertising rates. for the company's digital offerings, advertisers evaluate demand based on metrics such as the number of visits, number of users and user engagement. other metrics include circulation levels for the company's newspapers, ratings points for its cable channels and number of listeners for its radio stations. any difficulty or failure in accurately measuring demand, particularly demand generated through new platforms, may lead to under-measurement and, in turn, lower advertising pricing and spending.
the popularity of digital media among consumers as a source of news, entertainment, information and other content, and the ability of digital advertising to deliver targeted, measurable impressions promptly, has driven a corresponding shift in advertising from traditional channels to digital platforms and materially and adversely impacted the company's print advertising revenues. large digital platforms in particular, such as facebook, google and amazon, which have extensive audience reach, data and targeting capabilities, continue to command an increasing share of the digital advertising market. new devices and technologies, as well as higher consumer engagement with other forms of digital media platforms such as online and mobile social networking, have also increased the number of media choices and formats available to audiences, resulting in audience fragmentation and increased competition for advertising. the range of advertising choices across digital products and platforms and the large inventory of available digital advertising space have historically resulted in significantly lower rates for digital advertising (particularly mobile advertising) than for print advertising. consequently, despite continued growth in the company's digital advertising revenues, such revenues may not be able to replace print advertising revenue lost as a result of the shift to digital consumption.
the digital advertising market also continues to undergo changes that may further impact digital advertising revenues. programmatic buying channels that allow advertisers to buy audiences at scale play a significant role in the advertising marketplace and have caused and may continue to cause further downward pricing pressure and the loss of a direct relationship with marketers. third-party delivery platforms may also lead to loss of distribution and monetization control, loss of a direct relationship with consumers and adversely affect the company's ability to understand its audience and/or collect and apply data for targeted advertising. the company's digital advertising operations also rely on a small number of significant technologies such as google's ad manager which, if interrupted or meaningfully changed, or if the providers leverage their power to alter the economic structure, could adversely impact advertising revenues and/or operating costs. in addition, evolving standards for the delivery of digital advertising, as well as the development and implementation of technology, regulations, policies and practices that adversely affect the company's ability to deliver, target or measure the effectiveness of its advertising, including blocking the display of advertising, browsing incognito, blocking or deleting cookies and ip addresses, the phase-out of support for third party cookies and mobile identifiers, as well as opt-in requirements and new privacy regulations, may also negatively impact digital advertising revenues. as the digital advertising market continues to evolve, the company's ability to compete successfully for advertising budgets will depend on, among other things, its ability to drive scale, engage and grow digital audiences, collect and leverage better user data, develop new digital advertising products and formats such as branded and other custom content, and video and mobile advertising, and demonstrate the value of its advertising and the effectiveness of the company's platforms to its advertising customers, including through more targeted, data-driven offerings.
the company's print and digital advertising revenue is also affected generally by overall national and local economic and business conditions, which tend to be cyclical, as well as election and other news cycles. natural disasters, including extreme weather, pandemics (including the novel coronavirus ("covid-19") pandemic) and other widespread health crises, inflation, including higher labor costs, supply chain disruptions, war or acts of terrorism have led and could continue to lead to greater economic uncertainty and reduced spending by advertisers. the company experienced a short-term decline in advertising during the third quarter of fiscal 2022 due to the war in ukraine. while that decline was immaterial, continued economic disruption from the war has broadened inflationary pressures and may lead to decreased spending by advertisers. in addition, certain sectors of the economy account for a significant portion of the company's advertising revenues, including retail, technology and finance. some of these sectors, such as retail, are more sensitive to weakness in economic conditions, as well as increased online competition. a decline in the economic prospects of these and other advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective advertisers' spending priorities or result in consolidation or closures across various industries, which may reduce the company's overall advertising revenue.
while the company has adopted a number of strategies and initiatives to address these challenges, there can be no guarantee that its efforts will be successful. if the company is unable to demonstrate the continuing value of its various platforms and high-quality content and brands or offer advertisers unique multi-platform advertising programs, its results may suffer. reduced demand for the company's offerings, a decrease in advertising expenditures by the company's customers or a surplus of advertising inventory could lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending, which could have an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the inability to obtain and retain sports, entertainment and other programming rights and content could adversely affect the revenue of certain of the company's operating businesses, and costs could also increase upon renewal.
competition for popular programming licensed from third parties is intense, and the success of certain of the company's operating businesses, including its subscription television business, depends on, among other things, their ability to obtain and retain rights to desirable programming and certain related elements thereof, such as music rights, that enable them to deliver content to subscribers and audiences in the manner in which they wish to consume it and at competitive prices. the company's subscription television business has experienced higher programming costs due to, among other things, (1) increases imposed by sports, entertainment and other programmers when offering new programming or upon the expiration of existing contracts; (2) incremental investment requirements for new services; (3) increased ability for other digital media companies, including streaming services, to obtain rights to popular or exclusive content; and (4) reduced content supply in the previous two years due to the covid-19 pandemic. certain of the company's operating businesses, including its subscription television business, are party to contracts for a substantial amount of sports, entertainment and other programming rights with various third parties, including professional sports leagues and teams, television and motion picture producers and other content providers. these contracts have varying durations and renewal terms, and as they expire, renewals on favorable terms may be difficult to obtain. in the course of renegotiating these and other agreements as they expire, the financial and other terms, such as exclusivity rights, under these contracts may change unfavorably as a result of various reasons beyond the company's control such as changes in the company's ability to secure these rights. in order to retain or extend such rights, the company may be required to increase the value of its offer to amounts that substantially exceed the existing contract costs, and third parties may outbid the company for those rights and/or for any new programming offerings. in addition, as other content providers develop their own competing services, they may be unwilling to provide the company with access to certain content. for example, in connection with the launch of disney+, disney removed its disney-branded movie channel and kids channels, as well as certain non-branded content, from the foxtel platform. consolidation among content providers may result in additional content becoming unavailable to the company and/or increase the scale and leverage of those providers. the loss of rights or any adverse changes to existing rights, including loss of exclusivity, may adversely affect the company's ability to differentiate its services and the breadth or quality of the company's content offerings, including the extent of the sports coverage and the availability of other popular entertainment programming offered by the company, and lead to customer or audience dissatisfaction or loss, which could, in turn, adversely affect its revenues. in addition, the company's business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if upon renewal, escalations in programming rights costs are unmatched by increases in subscriber and carriage fees and advertising rates. the long-term nature of some of the company's content commitments may also limit its flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in, business and economic conditions and the market segments in which it operates.
the company has made and may continue to make strategic acquisitions, investments and divestitures that introduce significant risks and uncertainties.
in order to position its business to take advantage of growth opportunities, the company has made and may continue to make strategic acquisitions and investments that involve significant risks and uncertainties. these risks and uncertainties include, among others: (1) the difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses, operations and systems, such as financial reporting, internal controls and information technology (including cybersecurity and data protection controls), in an efficient and effective manner, (2) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other anticipated benefits, (3) the potential loss of key employees, customers and suppliers, (4) with respect to investments, risks associated with the inability to control the operations of the business, (5) the risk of diverting the attention of the company's senior management from the company's operations, (6) in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of specific economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with the relevant countries, (7) expenses and liabilities, both known and unknown, associated with the acquired businesses or investments, (8) in some cases, increased regulation and (9) in some cases, lower liquidity as a result of the use of cash or incurrence of debt to fund such acquisition or investment. if any acquired business or investment fails to operate as anticipated or an acquired business cannot be successfully integrated with the company's existing businesses, the company's business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation could be adversely affected, and the company may be required to record non-cash impairment charges for the write-down of certain acquired assets and investments. the company's ability to continue to make acquisitions depends on the availability of suitable candidates at acceptable prices and whether restrictions are imposed by regulations, and competition for certain types of acquisitions is significant.
the company has also divested and may in the future divest certain assets or businesses that no longer fit with its strategic direction or growth targets. divestitures involve significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition. these include, among others, the inability to find potential buyers on favorable terms, disruption to its business and/or diversion of management attention from other business concerns, loss of key employees, difficulties in separating the operations of the divested business, retention of certain liabilities related to the divested business and indemnification or other post-closing claims.
the company's pay-tv business depends on a single or limited number of suppliers for certain key products and services, and any reduction or interruption in the supply of these products and services or a significant increase in price could have an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company's pay-tv business depends on a single or limited number of third party suppliers to supply certain key products and services necessary to provide its pay-tv services. in particular, the company depends on optus to provide all of its satellite transponder capacity, akamai and amazon web services (aws) for content delivery networks (cdn) and hosting services and commscope to supply its set-top boxes, and the company expects its reliance on these suppliers to increase as it migrates broadcast subscribers to satellite or internet delivery by june 2023. during fiscal 2022, the company's pay-tv business experienced hardware and technical equipment supply chain issues, including delays in the rollout of its new iq5 set-top box due to a global silicon shortage, although these issues did not materially and adversely impact the company's results of operations. if the company's relationship with key suppliers deteriorates or any of these suppliers breaches or terminates its agreement with the company or otherwise fails to perform its obligations in a timely manner, experiences operating or financial difficulties, is unable to meet demand due to further component shortages and other supply chain issues, labor shortages, insufficient capacity or otherwise, significantly increases the amount the company pays for necessary products or services or ceases production of any necessary product, the company's business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
in addition, telstra is the primary supplier of cable distribution capacity for the company's pay-tv programming and is also currently the exclusive provider of wholesale fixed voice and broadband services for the company's pay-tv business and the largest reseller of its cable and satellite products. any disruption in the supply of those services or a decline in telstra's business could result in disruptions to the supply of, and/or reduce the number of subscribers for, the company's products and services, which could, in turn, adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.
while the company will seek alternative sources for the products and services described above where possible and/or permissible under applicable agreements, it may not be able to develop these alternative sources quickly and cost-effectively, which could impair its ability to timely deliver its products and services to its subscribers or operate its business.
any significant increase in the cost to print and distribute the company's books and newspapers or disruption in the company's supply chain or printing and distribution channels may adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
printing and distribution costs, including the cost of paper, are a significant expense for the company's book and newspaper publishing units. the price of paper has historically been volatile, and the company expects increases in the near-term from various factors, including continued increases in supplier operating expenses due to rising raw material, energy, labor and transportation and other distribution costs, inflationary pressures and other factors. the company also relies on third-party suppliers for deliveries of paper and on third-party printing and distribution partners to print and distribute its books and newspapers. during fiscal 2022, inflationary pressures, labor shortages, higher transportation costs and delays and other supply chain issues increased the cost to print and distribute the company's books and newspapers, particularly manufacturing and freight costs at its book publishing business. these and other factors such as financial pressures, industry trends or economics, labor unrest, changes in laws and regulations, natural disasters, including extreme weather (which may occur with increasing frequency and intensity), pandemics and other widespread health crises or other circumstances affecting these third-party suppliers and print and distribution partners could continue to increase the company's printing and distribution costs and could lead to disruptions, reduced operations or consolidations within the company's printing and distribution supply chains and/or of third-party print sites and/or distribution routes. the company may not be able to develop alternative providers quickly and cost-effectively, which could disrupt printing and distribution operations or increase the cost of printing and distributing the company's books and newspapers. any significant increase in these costs, undersupply or significant disruptions in the supply chain or the company's printing and distribution channels could have an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company's reputation, credibility and brands are key assets and competitive advantages and its business and results of operations may be affected by how the company is perceived.
the company's products and services are distributed under some of the world's most recognizable and respected brands, including the wall street journal and premier news brands in australia and the u.k., dow jones, harpercollins publishers, foxtel, realestate.com.au, realtor.com速, opis and many others, and the company believes its success depends on its continued ability to maintain and enhance these brands. the company's brands, credibility and reputation could be damaged by incidents that erode consumer and customer trust or a perception that the company's products and services, including its journalism, programming, real estate information, benchmark and pricing services and other data and information, are low quality, unreliable or fail to maintain independence and integrity. significant negative claims or publicity regarding the company's products and services, operations, customer service, management, employees, advertisers and other business partners, business decisions, social responsibility and culture may damage its brands or reputation, even if such claims are untrue. the company's brands and reputation may also be impacted by, or associated with, its public commitments to various corporate esg initiatives, as well as positions the company, its businesses or its publications take or do not take on social issues. the company's disclosures on these matters, any failure to achieve its commitments or any unpopular positions could harm the company's brands and reputation. to the extent the company's brands, reputation and credibility are damaged, the company's ability to attract and retain consumers, customers, advertisers and employees, as well as the company's sales, business opportunities and profitability, could be adversely affected, which could in turn have an adverse impact on its business and results of operations.
the company's international operations expose it to additional risks that could adversely affect its business, operating results and financial condition.
in its fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, approximately 61% of the company's revenues were derived outside the u.s., and the company is focused on expanding its international operations. there are risks inherent in doing business internationally and other risks may be heightened, including (1) issues related to staffing and managing international operations; (2) economic uncertainties and volatility in local markets, including as a result of inflationary pressures or a general economic slowdown or recession, and political or social instability; (3) the impact of catastrophic events in relevant jurisdictions such as natural disasters, including extreme weather (which may occur with increasing frequency and intensity), pandemics (including covid-19) and other widespread health crises, acts of terrorism or war (including the war in ukraine); (4) compliance with international laws, regulations and policies and potential adverse changes thereto, including foreign tax regimes, foreign ownership restrictions, restrictions on repatriation of funds and foreign currency exchange, data privacy requirements such as the gdpr, foreign intellectual property laws and local labor and employment laws and regulations; (5) compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, export controls and economic sanctions; and (6) regulatory or governmental action against the company's products and services such as censorship or other restrictions on access, expulsion of journalists or other employees and other retaliatory actions, including as a result of disputes with the u.s. events or developments related to these and other risks associated with the company's international operations could result in reputational harm and have an adverse impact on the company's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. challenges associated with operating globally may increase as the company continues to expand into geographic areas that it believes represent the highest growth opportunities.
the company is party to agreements with third parties relating to certain of its businesses that contain operational and management restrictions and/or other rights that, depending on the circumstances, may not be in the best interest of the company.
the company is party to agreements with third parties relating to certain of its businesses that restrict the company's ability to take specified actions and contain other rights that, depending on the circumstances, may not be in the best interest of the company. for example, the company and telstra are parties to a shareholders' agreement with respect to foxtel containing certain minority protections for telstra, including standard governance provisions, as well as transfer and exit rights. the shareholders' agreement provides telstra with the right to appoint two directors to the board of foxtel, as well as board and shareholder-level veto rights over certain non-ordinary course and/or material corporate actions that may prevent foxtel from taking actions that are in the interests of the company. the shareholders' agreement also provides for (1) certain transfer restrictions, which could adversely affect the company's ability to effect such transfers and/or the prices at which those transfers may occur, and (2) exit arrangements, which could, in certain circumstances, force the company to sell its interest, subject to rights of first and, in some cases, last refusals.
in addition, move, the company's digital real estate services business in the u.s., operates the realtor.com速 website under an agreement with nar that is perpetual in duration. however, nar may terminate the operating agreement for certain contractually-specified reasons upon expiration of applicable cure periods. if the operating agreement with nar is terminated, the nar license would also terminate, and move would be required to transfer a copy of the software that operates the realtor.com速 website to nar and provide nar with copies of its agreements with advertisers and data content providers. nar would then be able to operate a realtor.com速 website, either by itself or with another third party.
damage, failure or destruction of satellites and transmitter facilities that the company's pay-tv business depends upon to distribute its programming could adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company's pay-tv business uses satellite systems to transmit its programming to its subscribers and/or authorized sublicensees. the company's distribution facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks, and the company also uses studio and transmitter facilities. transmissions may be disrupted or degraded as a result of local disasters, including extreme weather (which may occur with increasing frequency and intensity), power outages, terrorist attacks, cyberattacks or other similar events, that damage or destroy on-ground uplinks or downlinks or studio and transmitter facilities, or as a result of damage to a satellite. satellites are subject to significant operational and environmental risks while in orbit, including anomalies resulting from various factors such as manufacturing defects and problems with power or control systems, as well as environmental hazards such as meteoroid events, electrostatic storms and collisions with space debris. these events may result in the loss of one or more transponders on a satellite or the entire satellite and/or reduce the useful life of the satellite, which could, in turn, lead to a disruption or loss of video services to the company's customers. the company does not carry commercial insurance for business disruptions or losses resulting from the foregoing events as it believes the cost of insurance premiums is uneconomical relative to the risk. instead, the company seeks to mitigate this risk through the maintenance of backup satellite capacity and other contingency plans. however, these steps may not be sufficient, and if the company is unable to secure alternate distribution, studio and/or transmission facilities in a timely manner, any such disruption or loss could have an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel is difficult and costly, and the failure to do so could harm the company's business.
the company's businesses depend upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of its corporate and divisional executive teams and other highly qualified employees who possess substantial business, technical and operational knowledge. the market for highly skilled personnel, including for technology-related, product development, data science, marketing and sales roles, is very competitive, and the company cannot ensure that it will be successful in retaining these employees or hiring and training suitable additions or replacements without significant costs or delays, particularly as it continues to focus on its digital products and services. these risks have been exacerbated by recent labor constraints and inflationary pressures on employee wages and benefits, which increased employee turnover and recruiting and retention costs in some functional areas and businesses during fiscal 2022. changes in the nature of the office environment and working arrangements may, in some instances, also make it more difficult to hire and retain qualified employees if the company's needs are not aligned with demand for flexibility or as a result of workplace culture challenges due to remote working. the loss of key employees, the failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel or higher costs associated with these efforts, could harm the company's business, including the ability to execute its business strategy, and negatively impact its results of operations.
the company is subject to payment processing risk which could lead to adverse effects on the company's business and results of operations.
the company's customers pay for its products and services using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, prepaid cards, direct debit, online wallets and through direct carrier and partner billing. the company relies on internal and third party systems to process payment. acceptance and processing of these payment methods are subject to certain rules and regulations and require payment of interchange and other fees. to the extent there are increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, any failures to comply with, or changes to, rules or regulations concerning payments, loss of payment or billing partners and/or disruptions or failures in, or fraudulent use of or access to, payment processing systems or payment products, the company's results of operations could be adversely impacted and it could suffer reputational harm. furthermore, if the company is unable to maintain its fraud and chargeback rates at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines and its card approval rate may be impacted. the termination of the company's ability to process payments on any major payment method would adversely affect its business and results of operations.
labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the company's business.
in some of the company's businesses, it engages the services of employees who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. if the company is unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. such actions, as well as higher costs in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on the company's business by causing delays in production or by reducing profit margins, and these risks may be exacerbated by recent labor constraints and inflationary pressures on employee wages and benefits.
macroeconomic and market risks weak domestic and global economic conditions and volatility and disruption in the financial and other markets may adversely affect the company's business.
the u.s. and global economies and markets have weakened recently and are experiencing uncertainty and volatility due to, among other things, higher inflation, changes in monetary policy, increased interest rates, supply chain disruptions, volatile foreign currency exchange rates, the war in ukraine, the ongoing recovery from the covid-19 pandemic and trade disputes and other geopolitical events. these conditions increased the company's costs in fiscal 2022 and higher home prices and interest rates, in particular, contributed to recent declines in real estate lead and transaction volumes and adjacent businesses at its digital real estate services business. these and other similar conditions have in the past also resulted in, and could in the future lead to, among other things, a tightening of, and in some cases more limited access to, the credit and capital markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, lower consumer and business spending, lower consumer net worth and a decline in the real estate and energy and commodities markets. such weakness and uncertainty and associated market disruptions have often led to broader, prolonged economic downturns that have historically resulted in lower advertising expenditures, lower demand for the company's products and services, unfavorable changes in the mix of products and services purchased, pricing pressures, higher borrowing costs and decreased ability of third parties to satisfy their obligations to the company and have adversely affected the company's business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. any continued or recurring economic weakness is likely to have a similar impact on the company's business and reduce its circulation and subscription, advertising, real estate, consumer and other revenues and otherwise negatively impact the performance of its businesses. the company is particularly exposed to (1) certain australian business risks because it holds a substantial amount of australian assets and generated approximately 40% of its fiscal 2022 revenues from australia and (2) to a lesser extent, business risks relating to the u.k., where it generated approximately 13% of its fiscal 2022 revenues. as a result, the company's business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by negative developments in the australian and u.k. markets.
the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and other similar epidemics, pandemics or widespread health crises is difficult to predict and could adversely affect the company's business and results of operations.
the covid-19 outbreak and measures to prevent its spread caused significant and prolonged unemployment, a decline in consumer confidence, changes in consumer behavior, significant economic deterioration, volatility in the capital markets, inflation, supply chain disruptions and an increasingly competitive labor market and have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations. for example, business restrictions and shelter-in-place orders caused a decline in print newspaper volumes, while postponements and cancellations of sports events negatively impacted commercial subscription revenues and broadcast and kayo sports subscribers. advertising revenues also declined due to the resulting economic downturn. other epidemics, pandemics or widespread health crises may have similar effects.
while restrictions related to the covid-19 pandemic have eased, the extent to which it and any similar epidemics, pandemics or widespread health crises may impact the company in the future will depend on, among other things, the severity, duration, spread and any reoccurrence of such crises (including due to the emergence of new variants), the impact of governmental actions and business, consumer and customer behavior in response, the effectiveness of actions taken to contain or mitigate outbreaks and prevent or limit any reoccurrence, including the development, availability and public acceptance of effective treatments and vaccines, the resulting global economic conditions and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. in addition, the covid-19 pandemic and other similar epidemics, pandemics or widespread health crises may amplify many of the other risk factors disclosed elsewhere in this "item 1a. risk factors."
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse effect on the company's results of operations.
the company is primarily exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to its consolidated debt that is denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations whose cash flows support the ability to repay or refinance such debt. as of june 30, 2022, the foxtel operating subsidiaries, whose functional currency is australian dollars, had approximately $345 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding indebtedness denominated in u.s. dollars. the company's policy is to hedge against the risk of foreign currency exchange rate movements with respect to this exposure where commercially reasonable. however, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so at a reasonable cost or at all, or that there will not be a default by any of the counterparties to those arrangements.
in addition, the company is exposed to foreign currency translation risk because it has significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of its operations are conducted in currencies other than the company's reporting currency, primarily the australian dollar and the british pound sterling. since the company's financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, a currency translation impact on the company's earnings when the results of those operations that are reported in foreign currencies are translated into u.s. dollars for inclusion in the company's consolidated financial statements, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on its reported results of operations in a given period or in specific markets.
risks related to information technology, cybersecurity and data protection a breach, failure or misuse of the company's network and information systems or other technologies could cause a disruption of services or loss, corruption, improper access to or disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information, resulting in increased costs, loss of revenue, reputational damage or other harm to the company's business.
network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to the company's cdns and network management, are important to its business activities and contain the company's proprietary, confidential and sensitive business information, including personal data of its customers and personnel. the company also relies on third party providers for certain software, technology and "cloud-based" systems and services, including aws, that support a variety of critical business operations. in january 2022, the company discovered that one of these systems was the target of persistent cyberattack activity. together with an outside cybersecurity firm, the company conducted an investigation into the circumstances of the activity to determine its nature, scope, duration and impacts. the company's analysis indicates that foreign government involvement may be associated with this activity, and that data was taken. to the company's knowledge, its systems housing customer and financial data were not affected. the company has contained the discovered attack, continues to conduct its analysis and remediate the issue, and to date has not experienced any related interruptions to its business operations or systems. at this time, the company does not believe the expenses it will incur in connection with its investigation and remediation efforts will be material.
events affecting the company's systems or other technologies, or those of third parties upon which the company's business relies, such as computer compromises, cyber threats and attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, ransomware and denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities by individuals or state-sponsored or other groups, or any combination of the foregoing, as well as power and internet outages, equipment failure, natural disasters, including extreme weather (which may occur with increasing frequency and intensity), terrorist activities, war, human or technological error or malfeasance that may affect such systems, could result in disruption of the company's services and business and/or loss, corruption, improper access to or disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information. unauthorized parties may also fraudulently induce the company's employees or other agents to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to the company's systems, facilities or data, or those of third parties with whom the company does business. in addition, any "bugs," errors or other defects in, or the improper implementation of, hardware or software applications the company develops or procures from third parties could unexpectedly disrupt the company's network and information systems or other technologies or compromise information security. system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and the company's disaster recovery and business continuity planning may not be sufficient to address all potential cyber events or other disruptions.
in recent years, there has been a significant rise in the number of cyberattacks on companies' network and information systems, and such attacks are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, targeted and difficult to detect and prevent against. geopolitical tensions or conflicts, such as russia's invasion of ukraine, may further heighten the risk of cybersecurity attacks. greater levels of remote work and access to the company's systems may also adversely impact the effectiveness of the company's security measures. consequently, the risks associated with cyberattacks continue to increase, particularly as the company's digital businesses expand. the company has experienced, and expects to continue to be subject to, cybersecurity threats and activity. there is no assurance that cybersecurity threats or activity such as that discovered in january 2022 will not have a material adverse effect in the future. countermeasures that the company and its vendors have developed and implemented to protect personal data, business information, including intellectual property, and other confidential information, to prevent system disruption, data loss or corruption, and to prevent or detect security breaches may not be successful in preventing these events, particularly given that techniques used to access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems have become more sophisticated and change frequently. additionally, it may be difficult to detect and defend against certain threats and vulnerabilities that can persist over extended periods of time. any events affecting the company's network and information systems or other technologies could require the company to expend significant resources to remedy such event. moreover, the development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. while the company maintains cyber risk insurance, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all losses from any breaches of the company's systems and does not extend to reputational damage or costs incurred to improve or strengthen systems against future threats or activity. cyber risk insurance has also become more difficult and expensive to obtain, and the company cannot be certain that its current level of insurance or the breadth of its terms and conditions will continue to be available on economically reasonable terms.
a significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption of the company's systems or other technologies, or those of third parties upon which its business relies, could result in a disruption of its operations, including degradation or disruption of service, equipment and data damage, customer, audience or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to its reputation or brands, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, lawsuits, remediation costs, a loss of or inability to attract new customers, audience, advertisers or business partners or loss of revenues and other financial losses. if any such failure, compromise, breach, interruption or similar event results in improper access to or disclosure of information maintained in the company's information systems and networks or those of its vendors, including financial, personal and credit card data, as well as confidential and proprietary information relating to personnel, customers, vendors and the company's business, including its intellectual property, the company could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy, as well as private individual or class action lawsuits or regulatory enforcement actions. the company may also be required to notify certain governmental agencies and/or regulators (including the appropriate eu supervisory authority) about any actual or perceived data security breach, as well as the individuals who are affected by any such breach, within strict time periods. in addition, media or other reports of actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in the company's systems or those of third parties upon which its business relies, even if nothing has actually been attempted or occurred, could also adversely impact the company's brand and reputation and materially affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.
failure to comply with complex and evolving u.s. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use and data protection could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company's business activities are subject to various and increasing laws and regulations in the united states and internationally governing the collection, use, sharing, protection and retention of personal data, which have implications for how such data is managed. these laws and regulations are increasingly complex and continue to evolve, and substantial uncertainty surrounds their scope and application. moreover, data privacy and security laws may potentially conflict from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. complying with these laws and regulations could be costly and resource-intensive, require the company to change its business practices, or limit or restrict aspects of the company's business in a manner adverse to its business operations, including by inhibiting or preventing the collection of information that enables it to target and measure the effectiveness of advertising. the company's failure to comply, even if inadvertent or in good faith, or as a result of a compromise, breach or interruption of the company's systems by a third party, could result in exposure to enforcement by u.s. federal, state or local or foreign governments or private parties, as well as significant negative publicity and reputational damage. examples of such laws include the european union's gdpr and the uk dpa and uk gdpr, each of which expands the regulation of personal data processing throughout the european union and the u.k., respectively, and significantly increases maximum penalties for non-compliance, as well as a number of u.s. state data privacy laws, which establish certain transparency rules, put greater restrictions on the collection, use and sharing of personal information of their respective state residents and provide such residents with certain rights regarding their personal information. see "governmental regulation-data privacy and security regulation" for more information.
risks related to financial results and position the indebtedness of the company and certain of its subsidiaries may affect their ability to operate their businesses, and may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations. the company and its subsidiaries may be able to incur substantially more debt, which could further exacerbate the risks described herein.
as of june 30, 2022, news corp had $2.91 billion of total outstanding indebtedness (excluding related party debt) with maturities ranging from fiscal 2023 through fiscal 2032, including $652 million and $281 million, respectively, of indebtedness held by its non-wholly owned subsidiaries, foxtel and rea group (collectively with news corp, the "debtors"). the indebtedness of the debtors and the terms of their financing arrangements could: (1) limit their ability to obtain additional financing in the future; (2) make it more difficult for them to satisfy their obligations under the terms of their financing arrangements, including the provisions of any relevant debt instruments, credit agreements, indentures and similar or associated documents (collectively, the "debt documents"); (3) limit their ability to refinance their indebtedness on terms acceptable to them or at all; (4) limit their flexibility to plan for and adjust to changing business and market conditions in the industries in which they operate and increase their vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; (5) require them to dedicate a substantial portion of their cash flow to make interest and principal payments on their debt, thereby limiting the availability of their cash flow to fund future investments, capital expenditures, working capital, business activities, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; (6) subject them to higher levels of indebtedness than their competitors, which may cause a competitive disadvantage and may reduce their flexibility in responding to increased competition; and (7) in the case of the company's fixed rate indebtedness, which includes prepayment penalties, diminish the company's ability to benefit from any future decrease in interest rates.
the ability of the debtors to satisfy their debt service obligations (including any repurchase obligations) and to fund other cash needs will depend on the debtors' future performance and other factors such as changes in interest rates (which have been increasing) affecting the debtors' variable rate indebtedness. although the company hedges a portion of this interest rate exposure, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so at a reasonable cost or at all, or that there will not be a default by any of the counterparties. if the debtors do not generate enough cash to pay their debt service obligations and fund their other cash requirements, they may be required to restructure or refinance all or part of their existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or raise additional equity, any or all of which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. the company and its subsidiaries, including the debtors, may also be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, which could exacerbate the effects described elsewhere in this "item 1a. risk factors."
in addition, the debtors' outstanding debt documents contain financial and operating covenants that may limit their operational and financial flexibility. these covenants include compliance with, or maintenance of, certain financial tests and ratios and may, depending on the applicable debtor and subject to certain exceptions, restrict or prohibit such debtor and/or its subsidiaries from, among other things, incurring or guaranteeing debt, undertaking certain transactions (including certain investments and acquisitions), disposing of certain properties or assets (including subsidiary stock), merging or consolidating with any other person, making financial accommodation available, entering into certain other financing arrangements, creating or permitting certain liens, engaging in transactions with affiliates, making repayments of certain other loans, undergoing fundamental business changes and/or paying dividends or making other restricted payments and investments. various risks, uncertainties and events beyond the debtors' control could affect their ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants. in the event any of these covenants are breached and such breach results in a default under any debt documents, the lenders or noteholders, as applicable, may accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness under the applicable debt documents, which could result in a cross-default under other outstanding debt documents and could have a material adverse impact on the company's business, results of operation and financial condition.
the company could suffer losses due to asset impairment and restructuring charges.
as a result of changes in the company's industry and market conditions, the company has recognized, and may in the future recognize, impairment charges for write-downs of goodwill, intangible assets, investments and other long-lived assets, as well as restructuring charges relating to the reorganization of its businesses, which negatively impact the company's results of operations and, in the case of cash restructuring charges, its financial condition. impairments and restructuring charges may also negatively impact the company's taxes, including its ability to realize its deferred tax assets and deduct certain interest costs. the company's management must regularly evaluate the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to the company's cash flows in order to determine whether, based on projected discounted future cash flows and other market assumptions, the carrying value for such assets exceeds current fair value and the company should recognize an impairment. in accordance with gaap, the company performs an annual impairment assessment of its recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. the company also continually evaluates whether current factors or indicators, such as prevailing conditions in the business environment, credit and capital markets or the economy generally and actual or projected operating results, require the performance of an interim impairment assessment of those assets, as well as other investments and long-lived assets, or require the company to engage in any additional business restructurings to address these conditions. for example, any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in advertising revenue or subscribers, the expected popularity of the content for which the company has acquired rights and/or consumer acceptance of its products could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of certain reporting units. any downward revisions in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets, investments or other long-lived assets could result in additional impairments for which non-cash charges would be required, and any such charge could be material to the company's reported results of operations. the company may also incur additional restructuring charges in the future if it is required to further realign its resources in response to significant shortfalls in revenue or other adverse trends.
the company could be subject to significant additional tax liabilities, which could adversely affect its operating results and financial condition.
the company is subject to taxation in u.s. federal, state and local jurisdictions and various non-u.s. jurisdictions, including australia and the u.k. the company's effective tax rate is impacted by the tax laws, regulations, practices and interpretations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may fluctuate significantly from period to period depending on, among other things, the geographic mix of the company's profits and losses, changes in tax laws and regulations or their application and interpretation, the outcome of tax audits and changes in valuation allowances associated with the company's deferred tax assets. changes to enacted tax laws could have an adverse impact on the company's future tax rate and increase its tax provision. the company may be required to record additional valuation allowances if, among other things, changes in tax laws or adverse economic conditions negatively impact the company's ability to realize its deferred tax assets. evaluating and estimating the company's tax provision, current and deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax accruals requires significant management judgment, and there are often transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
the company's tax returns are routinely audited by various tax authorities. tax authorities may not agree with the treatment of items reported in the company's tax returns or positions taken by the company, and as a result, tax-related settlements or litigation may occur, resulting in additional income tax liabilities against the company. although the company believes it has appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of tax reviews and examinations and any related litigation, the final outcomes of these matters could differ materially from the amounts recorded in the financial statements. as a result, the company may be required to recognize additional charges in its statements of operations and pay significant additional amounts with respect to current or prior periods, or its taxes in the future could increase, which could adversely affect its operating results and financial condition.
the organization for economic cooperation and development (oecd) continues to develop detailed rules to assist in the implementation of landmark reforms to the international tax system, as agreed in october 2021 by 136 members of the oecd/g20 inclusive framework. these rules are intended to address the tax challenges arising from globalization and the digitalization of the economy, including by expanding taxing rights to in-market countries as well as establishing a minimum 15% tax rate for multinational enterprises from 2024. the application of the rules continues to evolve, and its outcome may alter aspects of how the company's tax obligations are determined in countries in which it does business. while several jurisdictions have agreed to roll back their digital services taxes by 2023, certain jurisdictions still have separately enacted new digital services taxes. those taxes have had limited impact on the company's overall tax obligations, but the company continues to monitor them.
risks related to legal and regulatory matters adverse results from litigation or other proceedings could impact the company's business practices and operating results.
from time to time, the company is party to litigation, as well as to regulatory and other proceedings with governmental authorities and administrative agencies, including with respect to antitrust, tax, data privacy and security, intellectual property, employment and other matters. see note 16 to the financial statements for a discussion of certain matters. the outcome of these matters and other litigation and proceedings is subject to significant uncertainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in reputational harm and/or significant monetary damages, injunctive relief or settlement costs that could adversely affect the company's results of operations or financial condition as well as the company's ability to conduct its business as it is presently being conducted. in addition, regardless of merit or outcome, such proceedings can have an adverse impact on the company as a result of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel and other factors.
the company's business could be adversely impacted by changes in law, governmental policy and regulation.
various aspects of the company's activities are subject to regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world, and the introduction of new laws and regulations in countries where the company's products and services are produced or distributed, and changes in the enforcement of existing laws and regulations in those countries, could have a negative impact on its interests. the company's australian operating businesses may be adversely affected by changes in government policy, regulation or legislation, or the application or enforcement thereof, applying to companies in the australian media industry or to australian companies in general. see "governmental regulation-australian media regulation" for more information. benchmarks provided by the company's opis business may be subject to regulatory frameworks in the u.k. and other jurisdictions. see "governmental regulation-benchmark regulation" for more information. the company's newspaper publishing businesses in the u.k. are subject to greater regulation and oversight as a result of the implementation of recommendations of the leveson inquiry into the u.k. press, and the company's radio stations in the u.k. and ireland and its recently launched talktv are subject to governmental regulation by ofcom. see "governmental regulation-u.k. press regulation" and "-u.k. radio and television broadcasting regulation," respectively, for more information. in addition, increased focus on esg issues among governmental bodies and various stakeholders has resulted, and may continue to result, in the adoption of new laws and regulations, reporting requirements and policies in the u.s. and internationally, including more specific, target-driven frameworks and prescriptive reporting of esg metrics, practices and targets. laws and regulations may vary between local, state, federal and international jurisdictions, and the enforcement of those laws and regulations may be inconsistent and unpredictable. the company may incur substantial costs or be required to change its business practices in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations and could incur substantial penalties or other liabilities in the event of any failure to comply.
risks related to intellectual property theft of the company's content, including digital piracy and signal theft, may decrease revenue and adversely affect the company's business and profitability.
the company's success depends in part on its ability to maintain, enforce and monetize the intellectual property rights in its original and acquired content, and theft of its brands, programming, digital content, books and other intellectual property affects the value of its content. developments in technology, including the wide availability of higher internet bandwidth and reduced storage costs, increase the threat of content piracy by making it easier to stream, duplicate and widely distribute pirated material, including from less-regulated countries into the company's primary markets. the company seeks to limit the threat of content piracy by, among other means, preventing unauthorized access to its content through the use of programming content encryption, signal encryption and other security access devices and digital rights management software, as well as by obtaining site blocking orders against pirate streaming and torrent sites and a variety of other actions. however, piracy is difficult to monitor and prevent and these efforts may be costly and are not always successful, particularly as infringers continue to develop tools that undermine security features and enable them to disguise their identities online. the proliferation of unauthorized use of the company's content undermines lawful distribution channels and reduces the revenue that the company could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its content. protection of the company's intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of its rights as defined by applicable laws in the u.s. and abroad, and if those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of the company's rights, or if existing laws are changed or not effectively enforced, the company's ability to generate revenue from its intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. in addition, the failure of legal and technological protections to evolve as piracy and associated technological tools become more sophisticated could make it more difficult for the company to adequately protect its intellectual property, which could, in turn, negatively impact its value and further increase the company's enforcement costs.
failure by the company to protect certain intellectual property and brands, or infringement claims by third parties, could adversely impact the company's business, results of operation and financial condition.
the company's businesses rely on a combination of trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade secrets and other proprietary rights, as well as licenses, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements, to establish, obtain and protect the intellectual property and brand names used in their businesses. the company believes its proprietary trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are important to its continued success and its competitive position. however, the company cannot ensure that these intellectual property rights or those of its licensors (including licenses relating to sports programming rights, set-top box technology and related systems, the nar license and the fox licenses) and suppliers will be enforced or upheld if challenged or that these rights will protect the company against infringement claims by third parties, and effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country or region in which the company operates or where its products and services are available. efforts to protect and enforce the company's intellectual property rights may be costly, and any failure by the company or its licensors and suppliers to effectively protect and enforce its or their intellectual property or brands, or any infringement claims by third parties, could adversely impact the company's business, results of operations or financial condition. claims of intellectual property infringement could require the company to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms (if such agreements are available at all), require the company to spend substantial sums to defend against or settle such claims or to satisfy any judgment rendered against it, or cease any further use of the applicable intellectual property, which could in turn require the company to change its business practices or offerings and limit its ability to compete effectively. even if the company believes any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management's attention and resources away from its business. in addition, the company may be contractually required to indemnify other parties against liabilities arising out of any third party infringement claims.
risks related to the company's common stock the market price of the company's stock may fluctuate significantly.
the company cannot predict the prices at which its common stock may trade. the market price of the company's common stock may fluctuate significantly, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond its control, including: (1) the company's quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in its industry; (2) actual or anticipated fluctuations in the company's operating results; (3) success or failure of the company's business strategy; (4) the company's ability to obtain financing as needed; (5) changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; (6) changes in laws and regulations affecting the company's business; (7) announcements by the company or its competitors of significant new business developments or the addition or loss of significant customers; (8) announcements by the company or its competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; (9) changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or the company's ability to meet its earnings guidance, if any; (10) the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; (11) investor perception of the company and the industries in which it operates; (12) results from material litigation or governmental investigations; (13) changes in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; (14) overall market fluctuations, general economic conditions, such as inflationary pressures or a general economic slowdown or recession, and other external factors, including pandemics, war (such as the war in ukraine) and terrorism; and (15) changes in the amounts and frequency of dividends or share repurchases, if any.
certain of the company's directors and officers may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their equity ownership in fox corporation ("fox") and/or because they also serve as officers and/or on the board of directors of fox, which may result in the diversion of certain corporate opportunities to fox.
certain of the company's directors and executive officers own shares of fox's common stock, and the individual holdings may be significant for some of these individuals compared to their total assets. in addition, certain of the company's officers and directors also serve as officers and/or as directors of fox, including k. rupert murdoch, who serves as the company's executive chairman and chair of fox, and lachlan k. murdoch, who serves as the company's co-chairman and executive chair and chief executive officer of fox. this ownership or service to both companies may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for the company and fox. for example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute that may arise between the company and fox regarding the terms of the agreements governing the indemnification of certain matters. in addition to any other arrangements that the company and fox may agree to implement, the company and fox agreed that officers and directors who serve at both companies will recuse themselves from decisions where conflicts arise due to their positions at both companies.
the company's amended and restated by-laws acknowledge that the company's directors and officers, as well as certain of its stockholders, including k. rupert murdoch, certain members of his family and certain family trusts (so long as such persons continue to own, in the aggregate, 10% or more of the voting stock of each of the company and fox), each of which is referred to as a covered stockholder, are or may become stockholders, directors, officers, employees or agents of fox and certain of its affiliates. the company's amended and restated by-laws further provide that any such overlapping person will not be liable to the company, or to any of its stockholders, for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist because such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than certain types of restricted business opportunities set forth in the company's amended and restated by-laws) to fox instead of the company. this could result in an overlapping person submitting any corporate opportunities other than restricted business opportunities to fox instead of the company.
certain provisions of the company's restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws and the ownership of the company's common stock by the murdoch family trust may discourage takeovers, and the concentration of ownership will affect the voting results of matters submitted for stockholder approval.
the company's restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain certain anti-takeover provisions that may make more difficult or expensive a tender offer, change in control, or takeover attempt that is opposed by the company's board of directors or certain stockholders holding a significant percentage of the voting power of the company's outstanding voting stock. in particular, the company's restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws provide for, among other things:
a dual class common equity capital structure;
a prohibition on stockholders taking any action by written consent without a meeting;
special stockholders' meeting to be called only by the board of directors, the chairman or a vice or deputy chairman of the board of directors, or the holders of not less than 20% of the voting power of the company's outstanding voting stock;
the requirement that stockholders give the company advance notice to nominate candidates for election to the board of directors or to make stockholder proposals at a stockholders' meeting;
the requirement of an affirmative vote of at least 65% of the voting power of the company's outstanding voting stock to amend or repeal its by-laws;
vacancies on the board of directors to be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office;
certain restrictions on the transfer of the company's shares; and
the board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock and series common stock with such terms as the board of directors may determine.
these provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control of the company, even in the case where a majority of the stockholders may consider such proposals, if effective, desirable.
in addition, as a result of his ability to appoint certain members of the board of directors of the corporate trustee of the murdoch family trust (mft), which beneficially owns less than one percent of the company's outstanding class a common stock and approximately 38.9% of the company's class b common stock as of june 30, 2022, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares beneficially owned by the mft. k. rupert murdoch, however, disclaims any beneficial ownership of these shares. also, k. rupert murdoch beneficially owns or may be deemed to beneficially own an additional less than one percent of each of the company's class b common stock and class a common stock as of june 30, 2022. thus, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to beneficially own in the aggregate less than one percent of the company's class a common stock and approximately 39.5% of the company's class b common stock as of june 30, 2022. this concentration of voting power could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition of the company. additionally, the ownership concentration of class b common stock by the mft increases the likelihood that proposals submitted for stockholder approval that are supported by the mft will be adopted and proposals that the mft does not support will not be adopted, whether or not such proposals to stockholders are also supported by the other holders of class b common stock.
the company's board of directors has approved a $1 billion stock repurchase program for the company's class a and class b common stock, which could increase the percentage of class b common stock held by the mft. the company has entered into a stockholders agreement with the mft pursuant to which the company and the mft have agreed not to take actions that would result in the mft and murdoch family members together owning more than 44% of the outstanding voting power of the shares of class b common stock or would increase the mft's voting power by more than 1.75% in any rolling 12-month period. the mft would forfeit votes to the extent necessary to ensure that the mft and the murdoch family collectively do not exceed 44% of the outstanding voting power of the shares of class b common stock, except where a murdoch family member votes their own shares differently from the mft on any matter.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this discussion and analysis contains statements that constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "exchange act"), and section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended. all statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. the words "expect," "will," "estimate," "anticipate," "predict," "believe," "should" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements appear in a number of places in this discussion and analysis and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the company, its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things, trends affecting the company's financial condition or results of operations, the company's strategy and strategic initiatives and the outcome of contingencies such as litigation and investigations. readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. more information regarding these risks and uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is set forth under the heading "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k (the "annual report"). the company does not ordinarily make projections of its future operating results and undertakes no obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. readers should carefully review this document and the other documents filed by the company with the securities and exchange commission (the "sec"). this section should be read together with the consolidated financial statements of news corporation and related notes set forth elsewhere in this annual report.
the following discussion and analysis omits discussion of fiscal 2020. please see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 for a discussion of fiscal 2020.
introduction news corporation (together with its subsidiaries, "news corporation," "news corp," the "company," "we," or "us") is a global diversified media and information services company comprised of businesses across a range of media, including: digital real estate services, subscription video services in australia, news and information services and book publishing.
the consolidated financial statements are referred to herein as the "consolidated financial statements." the consolidated statements of operations are referred to herein as the "statements of operations." the consolidated balance sheets are referred to herein as the "balance sheets." the consolidated statements of cash flows are referred to herein as the "statements of cash flows." the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america ("gaap").
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to help provide an understanding of the company's financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. this discussion is organized as follows:
overview of the company's businesses-this section provides a general description of the company's businesses, as well as developments that occurred during the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and through the date of this filing that the company believes are important in understanding its results of operations and financial condition or to disclose known trends.
results of operations-this section provides an analysis of the company's results of operations for the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2022. this analysis is presented on both a consolidated basis and a segment basis. supplemental revenue information is also included for reporting units within certain segments and is presented on a gross basis, before eliminations in consolidation. in addition, a brief description is provided of significant transactions and events that impact the comparability of the results being analyzed. the company maintains a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the sunday closest to june 30 in each year. fiscal 2022 and 2021 included 53 and 52 weeks, respectively. as a result, the company has referenced the impact of the 53rd week, where applicable, when providing analysis of the results of operations.
liquidity and capital resources-this section provides an analysis of the company's cash flows for the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2022, as well as a discussion of the company's financial arrangements and outstanding commitments, both firm and contingent, that existed as of june 30, 2022.
critical accounting policies and estimates-this section discusses accounting policies considered important to the company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in application. in addition, note 2 to the consolidated financial statements summarizes the company's significant accounting policies, including the critical accounting policies discussed in this section.
overview of the company's businesses the company manages and reports its businesses in the following six segments:
digital real estate services-the digital real estate services segment consists of the company's 61.4% interest in rea group and 80% interest in move. the remaining 20% interest in move is held by rea group. rea group is a market-leading digital media business specializing in property and is listed on the australian securities exchange ("asx") (asx: rea). rea group advertises property and property-related services on its websites and mobile apps, including australia's leading residential, commercial and share property websites, realestate.com.au, realcommercial.com.au and flatmates.com.au, property.com.au and property portals in india. in addition, rea group provides property-related data to the financial sector and financial services through an end-to-end digital property search and financing experience and a mortgage broking offering.
move is a leading provider of digital real estate services in the u.s. and primarily operates realtor.com速, a premier real estate information, advertising and services platform. move offers real estate advertising solutions to agents and brokers, including its connectionssm plus, market vipsm and advantagesm pro products as well as its referral-based service, readyconnect conciergesm. move also offers online tools and services to do-it-yourself landlords and tenants.
subscription video services-the company's subscription video services segment provides sports, entertainment and news services to pay-tv and streaming subscribers and other commercial licensees, primarily via cable, satellite and internet distribution, and consists of (i) the company's 65% interest in the foxtel group (with the remaining 35% interest held by telstra, an asx-listed telecommunications company) and (ii) australian news channel ("anc"). the foxtel group is the largest australian-based subscription television provider. its foxtel pay-tv service provides approximately 200 live channels and video on demand covering sports, general entertainment, movies, documentaries, music, children's programming and news. foxtel and the group's kayo sports streaming service offer the leading sports programming content in australia, with broadcast rights to live sporting events including: national rugby league, australian football league, cricket australia and various motorsports programming. the foxtel group also operates binge, its entertainment streaming service, foxtel now, a streaming service that provides access across foxtel's live and on-demand content and flash, its news aggregation streaming service.
anc operates the sky news network, australia's 24-hour multi-channel, multi-platform news service. anc channels are distributed throughout australia and new zealand and available on foxtel and sky network television nz. anc also owns and operates the international australia channel iptv service and offers content across a variety of digital media platforms, including web, mobile and third party providers.
dow jones-the dow jones segment consists of dow jones, a global provider of news and business information, which distributes its content and data through a variety of media channels including newspapers, newswires, websites, mobile apps, newsletters, magazines, proprietary databases, live journalism, video and podcasts. the dow jones segment's products, which target individual consumers and enterprise customers, include the wall street journal, barron's, marketwatch, investor's business daily, factiva, dow jones risk & compliance, dow jones newswires and opis.
book publishing-the book publishing segment consists of harpercollins, the second largest consumer book publisher in the world, with operations in 17 countries and particular strengths in general fiction, nonfiction, children's and religious publishing. harpercollins owns more than 120 branded publishing imprints, including harper, william morrow, mariner, harpercollins children's books, avon, harlequin and christian publishers zondervan and thomas nelson, and publishes works by well-known authors such as harper lee, george orwell, agatha christie and zora neale hurston, as well as global author brands including j.r.r. tolkien, c.s. lewis, daniel silva, karin slaughter and dr. martin luther king, jr. it is also home to many beloved children's books and authors and a significant christian publishing business.
news media-the news media segment consists primarily of news corp australia, news uk and the new york post and includes, among other publications, the australian, the daily telegraph, herald sun, the courier mail and the advertiser in australia and the times, the sunday times, the sun and the sun on sunday in the u.k. this segment also includes wireless group, operator of talksport, the leading sports radio network in the u.k., the company's recently launched talktv and storyful, a social media content agency.
other-the other segment consists primarily of general corporate overhead expenses, costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters (as defined in note 16-commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements) and expenses associated with the company's cost reduction initiatives.
digital real estate services the digital real estate services segment generates revenue through property and property-related advertising and services, including: the sale of real estate listing and lead generation products and referral-based services to agents, brokers, developers, homebuilders and landlords; real estate-related and property rental-related services; display advertising on residential real estate and commercial property sites; and residential property data services to the financial sector. the digital real estate services segment also generates revenue through fees and commissions from referrals generated through its end-to-end digital property search and financing offering and mortgage broking services. significant expenses associated with these sites and services include development costs, advertising and promotional expenses, hosting and support services, salaries, broker commissions, employee benefits and other routine overhead expenses. the digital real estate services segment's results are highly sensitive to conditions in the real estate market, as well as macroeconomic factors such as inflation and interest rates, which are expected to adversely impact real estate lead and transaction volumes and adjacent businesses in the near term.
consumers overwhelmingly turn to the internet and mobile devices for real estate information and services. the digital real estate services segment's success depends on its continued innovation to provide products and services that are useful for consumers and real estate, mortgage and financial services professionals, homebuilders and landlords and attractive to its advertisers. the digital real estate services segment operates in a highly competitive digital environment with other operators of real estate and property websites and mobile apps.
subscription video services the company's subscription video services segment consists of (i) its 65% interest in the foxtel group and (ii) anc. the foxtel group is the largest australian-based subscription television provider through its foxtel pay-tv and kayo sports, binge, foxtel now and flash streaming services. the foxtel group generates revenue primarily through subscription revenue as well as advertising revenue.
the foxtel group competes for audiences primarily with a variety of other video content providers, such as traditional free-to-air ("fta") tv operators in australia, including the three major commercial fta networks and two major government-funded fta broadcasters, and content providers that deliver video programming over the internet. these providers include, internet protocol television, or iptv, subscription video-on-demand and broadcast video-on-demand providers; streaming services offered through digital media providers; as well as programmers and distributors that provide content directly to consumers over the internet.
anc operates the sky news network, australia's 24-hour multi-channel, multi-platform news service, and also owns and operates the australia channel iptv service for international markets. revenue is primarily derived from monthly affiliate fees received from pay-tv providers and advertising.
the most significant operating expenses of the subscription video services segment are the acquisition and production expenses related to programming, the expenses related to operating the technical facilities of the broadcast operations, expenses related to cable, satellite and data-related transmission costs and studio and engineering expense. the expenses associated with licensing certain sports programming rights are recognized during the applicable season or event, which can cause results at the subscription video services segment to fluctuate based on the timing and mix of the foxtel group's local and international sports programming. sports programming rights costs associated with a dedicated channel are amortized over 12 months. other expenses include subscriber acquisition costs such as sales costs and marketing and promotional expenses related to improving the market visibility and awareness of the channels and their programming. additional expenses include salaries, employee benefits, technology, rent and other routine overhead expenses.
dow jones the dow jones segment's products target individual consumers and enterprise customers. revenue from the dow jones segment's consumer business is derived primarily from circulation, which includes subscription and single-copy sales of its digital and print consumer products, the sale of digital and print advertising, licensing fees for its print and digital consumer content and participation fees for its live journalism events. circulation revenues are dependent on the content of the dow jones segment's consumer products, prices of its and/or competitors' products, as well as promotional activities and news cycles. advertising revenue is dependent on a number of factors, including demand for the dow jones segment's consumer products, general economic and business conditions, demographics of the customer base, advertising rates and effectiveness and brand strength and reputation. advertising revenues are also subject to seasonality, with revenues typically highest in the company's second fiscal quarter due to the end-of-year holiday season. in addition, the traditional consumer print business faces challenges from alternative media formats and shifting consumer preferences, which have adversely affected, and are expected to continue to adversely affect, both print circulation and advertising revenues. advertising, in particular, has been impacted by long-term structural movements in advertising spending from print to digital. the increasing range of advertising choices and formats has resulted in audience fragmentation and increased competition. technologies and policies have also been and will continue to be developed and implemented that may make it more difficult to target and measure the effectiveness of digital advertising or allow users to block advertising on websites and mobile devices, which may impact digital advertising rates or revenues. as a multi-platform news provider, the dow jones segment recognizes the importance of maximizing revenues from a variety of media formats and platforms, both in terms of paid content and in new advertising models, and continues to invest in its digital and other products, which represent an increasingly larger share of revenues at its consumer business. mobile devices, their related apps and other technologies, provide continued opportunities for the dow jones segment to make its content available to a new audience of readers, introduce new or different pricing schemes and develop its products to continue to attract advertisers and/or affect the relationship between content providers and consumers. the dow jones segment continues to develop and implement strategies to exploit its content across a variety of media channels and platforms, including leveraging its content through licensing arrangements with third-party distribution platforms and growing its live journalism events business.
operating expenses for the consumer business include costs related to paper, production, distribution, third party printing, editorial and commissions. selling, general and administrative expenses include promotional expenses, salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overheads. the costs associated with printing and distributing newspapers, including paper prices and delivery costs, are key operating expenses whose fluctuations can have a material effect on the results of the dow jones segment's consumer business. the consumer business is affected by the cyclical increases and decreases in the price of paper and other factors that may affect paper prices, including, among other things, inflation, supply chain disruptions and tariffs or other restrictions on non-u.s. paper suppliers. in addition, the dow jones segment relies on third parties for much of the printing and distribution of its print products. long-term structural movements from print to digital and changing labor markets present challenges to the financial and operational stability of these third parties which could, in turn, impact the availability, or increase the cost, of third-party printing and distribution services for the company's newspapers.
the dow jones segment's consumer products compete for consumers, audience and advertising with other local and national newspapers, web and app-based media, news aggregators, customized news feeds, search engines, blogs, magazines, investment tools, social media sources, podcasts and event producers, as well as other media such as television, radio stations and outdoor displays. as a result of rapidly changing and evolving technologies, distribution platforms and business models, and corresponding changes in consumer behavior, the consumer business continues to face increasing competition for both circulation and advertising revenue, including from a variety of alternative news and information sources, as well as programmatic advertising buying channels and off-platform distribution of its products.
the dow jones segment's professional information business, which targets enterprise customers, derives revenue primarily from subscriptions to its professional information products. the professional information business serves enterprise customers with products that combine news and information with technology and tools that inform decisions and aid awareness, research and understanding. the success of the professional information business depends on its ability to provide products, services, applications and functionalities that meet the needs of its enterprise customers, who operate in information-intensive and oftentimes highly regulated industries such as finance and insurance. the professional information business must also anticipate and respond to industry trends and regulatory and technological changes.
significant expenses for the professional information business include development costs, sales and marketing expenses, hosting and support services, royalties, salaries, consulting and professional fees, sales commissions, employee benefits and other routine overhead expenses.
the dow jones segment's professional information products compete with various information service providers, compliance data providers, global financial newswires and energy and commodities pricing and data providers, including reuters news, relx (including lexisnexis and icis), refinitiv, s&p global, dtn and argus media, as well as many other providers of news, information and compliance data.
book publishing the book publishing segment derives revenues from the sale of general fiction, nonfiction, children's and religious books in the u.s. and internationally. the revenues and operating results of the book publishing segment are significantly affected by the timing of releases and the number of its books in the marketplace. the book publishing marketplace is subject to increased periods of demand during the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. this marketplace is highly competitive and continues to change due to technological developments, including additional digital platforms, such as e-books and downloadable audiobooks, and distribution channels and other factors. each book is a separate and distinct product and its financial success depends upon many factors, including public acceptance.
major new title releases represent a significant portion of the book publishing segment's sales throughout the fiscal year. print-based consumer books are generally sold on a fully returnable basis, resulting in the return of unsold books. in the domestic and international markets, the book publishing segment is subject to global trends and local economic conditions, including recent increases in inflation and supply chain disruptions, which are expected to continue to adversely affect costs in the near term. operating expenses for the book publishing segment include costs related to paper, printing, freight, authors' royalties, editorial, promotional, art and design expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead costs.
news media revenue at the news media segment is derived primarily from the sale of advertising, circulation and subscriptions, as well as licensing. adverse changes in general market conditions for advertising have affected, and may continue to affect, revenues. advertising revenues at the news media segment are also subject to seasonality, with revenues typically being highest in the company's second fiscal quarter due to the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. circulation and subscription revenues can be greatly affected by changes in the prices of the company's and/or competitors' products, as well as by promotional activities and news cycles.
operating expenses include costs related to paper, production, distribution, third party printing, editorial, commissions, technology and radio sports rights. selling, general and administrative expenses include promotional expenses, salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead. the cost of paper is a key operating expense whose fluctuations can have a material effect on the results of the segment. the news media segment continues to be exposed to risks associated with paper used for printing. paper is a basic commodity and its price is sensitive to the balance of supply and demand. the news media segment's expenses are affected by the cyclical increases and decreases in the price of paper and other factors that may affect paper prices, including, among other things, inflation, supply chain disruptions and tariffs.
the news media segment's products compete for readership, audience and advertising with local and national competitors and also compete with other media alternatives in their respective markets. competition for circulation and subscriptions is based on the content of the products provided, pricing and, from time to time, various promotions. the success of these products also depends upon advertisers' judgments as to the most effective use of their advertising budgets. competition for advertising is based upon the reach of the products, advertising rates and advertiser results. such judgments are based on factors such as cost, availability of alternative media, distribution and quality of consumer demographics.
the news media segment's traditional print business faces challenges from alternative media formats and shifting consumer preferences. the news media segment is also exposed to the impact of long-term structural movements in advertising spending, in particular, the move from print to digital. these alternative media formats could impact the segment's overall performance, positively or negatively. in addition, technologies and policies have been and will continue to be developed and implemented that may make it more difficult to target and measure the effectiveness of digital advertising or allow users to block advertising on websites and mobile devices, which may impact digital advertising rates or revenues.
as multi-platform news providers, the businesses within the news media segment recognize the importance of maximizing revenues from a variety of media formats and platforms, both in terms of paid content and in new advertising models, and continue to invest in their digital products. mobile devices, their related apps and other technologies, provide continued opportunities for the businesses within the news media segment to make their content available to a new audience of readers, introduce new or different pricing schemes and develop their products to continue to attract advertisers and/or affect the relationship between content providers and consumers. the businesses within the news media segment continue to develop and implement strategies to exploit their content across a variety of media channels and platforms, including leveraging their content through licensing arrangements with third-party distribution platforms.
other the other segment primarily consists of general corporate overhead expenses and costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters and expenses associated with the company's cost reduction initiatives.
other business developments fiscal 2022
acquisition of upnest in june 2022, the company acquired upnest, inc. ("upnest") for closing cash consideration of approximately $45 million, subject to customary purchase price adjustments, and up to $15 million in future cash consideration based upon the achievement of certain performance objectives over the next two years. upnest is a real estate agent marketplace that matches home sellers and buyers with top local agents who compete for their business. the upnest acquisition helps realtor.com速 further expand its services and support for home sellers and listing agents and brokers. upnest is a subsidiary of move, and its results are included within the digital real estate services segment.
acquisition of base chemicals in june 2022, the company acquired the base chemicals (rebranded chemical market analytics, "cma") business from s&p global inc. ("s&p") for $295 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. cma provides pricing data, insights, analysis and forecasting for key base chemicals through its leading market advisory and world analysis services. the acquisition enables dow jones to become a leading provider of base chemicals information and furthers its goal of building the leading global business news and information platform for professionals. cma is operated by dow jones, and its results are included in the dow jones segment.
term loan a and revolving credit facilities on march 29, 2022, the company terminated its existing unsecured $750 million revolving credit facility and entered into a new credit agreement (the "2022 credit agreement") that provides for $1,250 million of unsecured credit facilities comprised of a $500 million unsecured term loan a credit facility (the "term a facility" and the loans under the term a facility are collectively referred to as "term a loans") and a $750 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the "revolving facility" and, together with the term a facility, the "facilities") that can be used for general corporate purposes. see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company entered into an interest rate swap derivative to fix the floating rate interest component of its term a loans at 2.083%. see note 11-financial instruments and fair value measurements in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company borrowed the full amount of the term a facility on march 31, 2022 and had not borrowed any funds under the revolving facility as of june 30, 2022.
acquisition of opis in february 2022, the company acquired the oil price information service business and related assets ("opis") from s&p and ihs markit ltd. for $1.15 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. opis is a global industry standard for benchmark and reference pricing and news and analytics for the oil, natural gas liquids and biofuels industries. the business also provides pricing and news and analytics for the coal, mining and metals end markets and insights and analytics in renewables and carbon pricing. the acquisition enables dow jones to become a leading provider of energy and renewables information and furthers its goal of building the leading global business news and information platform for professionals. opis is a subsidiary of dow jones, and its results are included in the dow jones segment.
2022 senior notes offering in february 2022, the company issued $500 million of senior notes due 2032 (the "2022 senior notes"). the 2022 senior notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.125% per annum, payable in cash semi-annually on february 15 and august 15 of each year, commencing on august 15, 2022. the notes will mature on february 15, 2032. the company is using the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including to fund the acquisitions of opis and cma. see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
share repurchase program on september 22, 2021, the company announced a new stock repurchase program authorizing the company to purchase up to $1 billion in the aggregate of its outstanding class a common stock and class b common stock (the "repurchase program"). the repurchase program replaces the company's $500 million class a common stock repurchase program approved by the company's board of directors (the "board of directors") in may 2013. the manner, timing, number and share price of any repurchases will be determined by the company at its discretion and will depend upon such factors as the market price of the stock, general market conditions, applicable securities laws, alternative investment opportunities and other factors. the repurchase program has no time limit and may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. see note 12-stockholders' equity in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
rea group sale of malaysia and thailand businesses in august 2021, rea group acquired an 18% interest (16.6% on a diluted basis) in propertyguru pte. ltd. ("propertyguru"), a leading digital property technology company operating marketplaces in southeast asia, in exchange for all shares of rea group's entities in malaysia and thailand. the transaction was completed after rea group entered into an agreement to sell its 27% interest in its existing venture with 99.co. the transaction creates a leading digital real estate services company in southeast asia, new opportunities for collaboration and access to a deeper pool of expertise, technology and investment in the region. rea group received one seat on the board of directors of propertyguru as part of the transaction.
in march 2022, propertyguru completed its merger with bridgetown 2 holdings limited. as a result of the merger and subsequent investments made in connection with the transaction, rea group's ownership interest in propertyguru was 17.5% and a gain of approximately $15 million was recorded in other, net.
russian and ukrainian conflict the company has taken steps to ensure the safety of its journalists and other personnel in ukraine and russia and will continue to monitor the situation in the region and provide support, as needed, to affected employees. the company has extremely limited operations in, or direct exposure to, russia or ukraine, and the conflict has not had a material impact on its business, financial condition, or results of operations to date. however, the conflict has broadened inflationary pressures and a further escalation or expansion of its scope or the related economic disruption could impact the company's supply chain, further exacerbate inflation and other macroeconomic trends and have an adverse effect on its results of operations.
fiscal 2021
acquisition of mortgage choice in june 2021, rea group acquired mortgage choice limited ("mortgage choice") for approximately a$244 million in cash (approximately us$183 million based on exchange rates as of the closing date), funded by an increase in rea group's debt facilities. control was transferred and the acquisition became effective and binding on mortgage choice shareholders on june 18, 2021 upon court approval. mortgage choice is a leading australian mortgage broking business, and the acquisition complements rea group's existing smartline broker footprint and accelerates rea group's financial services strategy to establish a leading mortgage broking business with national scale. mortgage choice is a subsidiary of rea group and its results are included in the digital real estate services segment.
acquisition of hmh books & media in may 2021, the company acquired the books & media segment of houghton mifflin harcourt ("hmh books & media") for $349 million in cash. hmh books & media publishes renowned and awarded children's, young adult, fiction, non-fiction, culinary and reference titles. the acquisition adds an extensive and successful backlist, a strong frontlist in the lifestyle and children's segments and a productions business that provides opportunities to expand harpercollins's intellectual property across different formats. hmh books & media is a subsidiary of harpercollins and its results are included in the book publishing segment.
acquisition of investor's business daily in may 2021, the company acquired investor's business daily ("ibd") for $275 million in cash. ibd is a digital-first financial news and research business with unique investing content, analytical products and educational resources, including the investors.com website. the acquisition expands dow jones's offerings with the addition of proprietary data and tools to help professional and retail investors identify top-performing stocks. ibd is operated by dow jones, and its results are included within the dow jones segment.
2021 senior notes offering in april 2021, the company issued $1 billion of senior notes due 2029 (the "2021 senior notes"). the 2021 senior notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.875% per annum, payable in cash semi-annually on may 15 and november 15 of each year, commencing november 15, 2021. the notes will mature on may 15, 2029. the company used the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which included acquisitions and working capital.
google partnership in february 2021, the company entered into a multi-year partnership with google to provide content from its news sites around the world. the three-year agreement also includes the development of a subscription platform, the sharing of advertising revenue via google's advertising technology services, the cultivation of audio journalism and meaningful investments in video journalism by youtube.
elara in december 2020, the company acquired a controlling interest in elara technologies pte. ltd. (rebranded rea india) through a subscription for newly-issued preference shares and the buyout of certain minority shareholders. the total aggregate purchase price associated with the acquisition at the completion date is $138 million which primarily consists of $69 million of cash, the fair value of noncontrolling interests of $37 million and the fair value of the company's previously held equity interest in rea india of $22 million. as a result of the transactions, rea group's shareholding in rea india increased from 13.5% to 59.7%, while news corporation's shareholding increased from 22.1% to 39.0%. during the three months ended march 31, 2021, rea group acquired an additional 0.8% interest in rea india. rea group and news corporation now hold all rea india board seats, and the company began consolidating rea india in december 2020. the acquisition of rea india allows rea group to be at the forefront of long-term growth opportunities within india and the digitization of the real estate sector. rea india is a subsidiary of rea group, and its results are included within the digital real estate services segment. as a result of the transactions, the company's ownership in rea group was diluted by 0.2% to 61.4%. subsequent to june 30, 2021, rea group provided additional funding to rea india in exchange for further equity which increased rea group's ownership interest to 73.3% and diluted news corporation's interest to 26.6%.
avail in december 2020, the company acquired rentalutions, inc. ("avail") for initial cash consideration of approximately $36 million, net of $4 million of cash acquired, and up to $8 million in future cash consideration based upon the achievement of certain performance objectives over the next three years. avail is a platform that improves the renting experience for do-it-yourself landlords and tenants with online tools, educational content and world-class support. the acquisition helps realtor.com速 further expand into the rental space, extend its support for landlords, augment current rental listing content, grow its audience and build brand affinity and long-term relationships with renters. avail is a subsidiary of move, and its results are included within the digital real estate services segment.
see note 4-acquisitions, disposals and other transactions in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the acquisitions and dispositions discussed above.
results of operations-fiscal 2022 versus fiscal 2021
the following table sets forth the company's operating results for fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2022                                                                                                   2021                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                                            better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                                         $4,425                      $4,206                      $219                          5    %
advertising                                                           1,821                       1,594                       227                         14    %
consumer                                                              2,106                       1,908                       198                         10    %
real estate                                                           1,347                       1,153                       194                         17    %
other                                                                   686                         497                       189                         38    %
total revenues                                                       10,385                       9,358                     1,027                         11    %
operating expenses                                                  (5,124)                     (4,831)                     (293)                        (6)    %
selling, general and administrative                                 (3,592)                     (3,254)                     (338)                       (10)    %
depreciation and amortization                                         (688)                       (680)                       (8)                        (1)    %
impairment and restructuring charges                                  (109)                       (168)                        59                         35    %
equity losses of affiliates                                            (13)                        (65)                        52                         80    %
interest expense, net                                                  (99)                        (53)                      (46)                       (87)    %
other, net                                                               52                         143                      (91)                       (64)    %
income before income tax expense                                        812                         450                       362                         80    %
income tax expense                                                     (52)                        (61)                         9                         15    %
net income                                                              760                         389                       371                         95    %
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests             (137)                        (59)                      (78)                              **
net income attributable to news corporation stockholders               $623                        $330                      $293                         89    %
________________________
**    not meaningful revenues-revenues increased $1,027 million, or 11%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily driven by the increase at the digital real estate services segment primarily due to higher real estate revenues and the acquisition of mortgage choice, at the dow jones segment primarily due to the increase in circulation and subscription revenues, which includes the impacts from the acquisitions of ibd and opis, and higher advertising revenues, at the news media segment primarily due to higher advertising and circulation and subscription revenues and at the book publishing segment primarily due to the acquisition of hmh books and media. the increases were partially offset by the decrease at the subscription video services segment due to the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, as higher streaming and advertising revenues more than offset lower residential subscription revenues. the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2022 resulted in a revenue increase of approximately $110 million.
the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $161 million, or 2%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021. the company calculates the impact of foreign currency fluctuations for businesses reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar by multiplying the results for each quarter in the current period by the difference between the average exchange rate for that quarter and the average exchange rate in effect during the corresponding quarter of the prior year and totaling the impact for all quarters in the current period.
operating expenses-operating expenses increased $293 million, or 6%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021. the increase was primarily driven by higher expenses at the book publishing segment due to the acquisition of hmh books and media and higher manufacturing and freight costs related to increased sales volumes, the mix of titles and the impact of ongoing supply chain and inflationary pressures. the increase was also driven by the dow jones segment due to higher employee costs and the impact from recent acquisitions, higher costs at the news media segment primarily due to higher costs associated with talktv and higher print production costs in the u.k., as well as at the digital real estate services segment due to higher employee costs. the company has generally observed a very competitive labor market which has led to higher compensation and hiring costs for attracting and retaining highly qualified employees at some of its businesses and is expected to continue to impact the company's cost base in the near term. the increases were partially offset by lower expenses at the subscription video services segment, primarily due to the absence of $57 million of additional sports programming rights and production costs recognized in the prior year that were deferred from fiscal 2020 due to the coronavirus pandemic ("covid-19")
and the positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by higher sports and entertainment programming rights costs due to increased content availability. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in an operating expense decrease of $76 million, or 2%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021.
selling, general and administrative-selling, general and administrative increased $338 million, or 10%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021. the increase in selling, general and administrative for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 was primarily due to increased expenses at the digital real estate services segment driven by the acquisitions of mortgage choice and rea india, higher employee costs at both move and rea group and increased marketing expenses at move. the increase was also driven by higher costs at the dow jones segment due to the impact of recent acquisitions, including a $25 million impact from opis and cma-related transaction costs, increased employee costs and increased sales and marketing costs. the increase was partially offset by lower costs of $67 million in the other segment, primarily driven by lower equity-based compensation costs largely related to stock price performance and lower one-time legal settlement costs. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a selling, general and administrative decrease of $61 million, or 2%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021.
depreciation and amortization-depreciation and amortization expense increased $8 million, or 1%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021. for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, $28 million of higher amortization expense from intangible assets driven by the company's recent acquisitions was partially offset by $20 million of lower depreciation expense driven by the transition to digital and optimization of the company's printing operations. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a depreciation and amortization expense decrease of $13 million, or 2%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021.
impairment and restructuring charges-during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021, the company recorded restructuring charges of $94 million and $168 million, respectively.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, the company recognized non-cash impairment charges of $15 million related to the write-down of fixed assets associated with the shutdown and anticipated sale of certain u.s. printing facilities at the dow jones segment.
see note 5-restructuring programs and note 7-property, plant and equipment in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
equity losses of affiliates-equity losses of affiliates decreased by $52 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to the absence of the $54 million non-cash write-down of the foxtel group's investment in the nickelodeon australia joint venture in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. see note 6-investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
interest expense, net-interest expense, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 increased $46 million as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily driven by the issuance of the 2021 and 2022 senior notes in april 2021 and february 2022, respectively, and the incurrence of the term a loans in march 2022. see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
other, net-other, net decreased $91 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021. see note 21-additional financial information in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
income tax expense-the company's income tax expense and effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 were $52 million and 6%, respectively, as compared to an income tax expense and effective tax rate of $61 million and 14%, respectively, for fiscal 2021.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, the company recorded income tax expense of $52 million on pre-tax income of $812 million, resulting in an effective tax rate that was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the tax rate was impacted by foreign operations which are subject to higher tax rates, offset by the reversal of valuation allowances, including $149 million related to certain foreign deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized, the lower tax impact related to the sale of rea group's malaysia and thailand businesses and the remeasurement of deferred taxes in the u.k.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, the company recorded income tax expense of $61 million on pre-tax income of $450 million, resulting in an effective tax rate that was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the tax rate was impacted by valuation allowances being recorded against tax benefits in certain foreign jurisdictions with operating losses and by the impact of foreign operations which are subject to higher tax rates, offset by a release of valuation allowances of $64 million related to certain u.s. deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized and the remeasurement of deferred taxes in the u.k.
management assesses available evidence to determine whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit the use of existing deferred tax assets. based on management's assessment of available evidence, it has been determined that it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets in certain foreign jurisdictions may not be realized and therefore, a valuation allowance has been established against those tax assets.
net income-net income was $760 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, as compared to $389 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, an improvement of $371 million, or 95%, primarily driven by higher total segment ebitda, lower impairment and restructuring charges and lower losses from equity affiliates, partially offset by lower other, net and higher interest expense.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests-net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $137 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, as compared to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of $59 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, primarily driven by increased earnings at rea group, which included the $107 million gain from the disposition of its entities in malaysia and thailand.
segment analysis segment ebitda is defined as revenues less operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. segment ebitda does not include: depreciation and amortization, impairment and restructuring charges, equity losses of affiliates, interest (expense) income, net, other, net and income tax (expense) benefit. segment ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies, since companies and investors may differ as to what items should be included in the calculation of segment ebitda.
segment ebitda is the primary measure used by the company's chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources within, the company's businesses. segment ebitda provides management, investors and equity analysts with a measure to analyze the operating performance of each of the company's business segments and its enterprise value against historical data and competitors' data, although historical results may not be indicative of future results (as operating performance is highly contingent on many factors, including customer tastes and preferences).
total segment ebitda is a non-gaap measure and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net income (loss), cash flow and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. in addition, this measure does not reflect cash available to fund requirements and excludes items, such as depreciation and amortization and impairment and restructuring charges, which are significant components in assessing the company's financial performance. the company believes that the presentation of total segment ebitda provides useful information regarding the company's operations and other factors that affect the company's reported results. specifically, the company believes that by excluding certain one-time or non-cash items such as impairment and restructuring charges and depreciation and amortization, as well as potential distortions between periods caused by factors such as financing and capital structures and changes in tax positions or regimes, the company provides users of its consolidated financial statements with insight into both its core operations as well as the factors that affect reported results between periods but which the company believes are not representative of its core business. as a result, users of the company's consolidated financial statements are better able to evaluate changes in the core operating results of the company across different periods.
the following table reconciles net income to total segment ebitda for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2022                                                                                   2021
(in millions)
net income                                        $760                            $389
add:
income tax expense                                  52                              61
other, net                                        (52)                           (143)
interest expense, net                               99                              53
equity losses of affiliates                         13                              65
impairment and restructuring charges               109                             168
depreciation and amortization                      688                             680
total segment ebitda                            $1,669                          $1,273
the following table sets forth the company's revenues and segment ebitda by reportable segment for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2022                                                                                                                                 2021
(in millions)                             revenues                      segment                     revenues                      segment ebitda                                                    ebitda digital real estate services           $1,741                         $574                       $1,393                         $514
subscription video services             2,026                          360                        2,072                          359
dow jones                               2,004                          433                        1,702                          332
book publishing                         2,191                          306                        1,985                          303
news media                              2,423                          217                        2,205                           52
other                                       -                        (221)                            1                        (287)
total                                 $10,385                       $1,669                       $9,358                       $1,273
digital real estate services (17% and 15% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2022                                                                       2021                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                  $13                       $25                     $(12)                       (48)    %
advertising                                   135                       126                         9                          7    %
real estate                                 1,347                     1,153                       194                         17    %
other                                         246                        89                       157                              **
total revenues                              1,741                     1,393                       348                         25    %
operating expenses                          (208)                     (182)                      (26)                       (14)    %
selling, general and administrative         (959)                     (697)                     (262)                       (38)    %
segment ebitda                               $574                      $514                       $60                         12    %
** not meaningful for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, revenues at the digital real estate services segment increased $348 million, or 25%, as compared to fiscal 2021. at rea group, revenues increased $277 million, or 37%, to $1,029 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 from $752 million in fiscal 2021, primarily due to the $143 million contribution from the acquisition of mortgage choice in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, an increase in australian depth revenue driven by higher national listings and price increases and an $18 million increase from the acquisition of rea india in the second quarter of fiscal 2021, partially offset by the $29 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the $22 million adverse impact from a valuation adjustment related to expected trail commissions at its financial services business. revenues at move increased $71 million, or 11%, to $712
44
million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 from $641 million in fiscal 2021, primarily driven by higher real estate revenues. the traditional lead generation product benefited from higher contribution from market vipsm, a hybrid product offering, in addition to increased yield from connectionssm plus, partially offset by lower lead volume. the referral model benefited from higher average home values, partially offset by lower transaction volume, and generated 31% of total move revenues. these increases were partially offset by the $12 million impact from the sale of top producer in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. lead volumes declined 23% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021. the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2022 resulted in a revenue increase of approximately $14 million for the segment.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, segment ebitda at the digital real estate services segment increased $60 million, or 12%, as compared to fiscal 2021. the increase in segment ebitda was primarily driven by the $75 million higher contribution from rea group, mainly due to the higher revenues discussed above, and inclusive of a $9 million and $3 million negative impact from the acquisitions of rea india and mortgage choice, respectively. the increase was partially offset by higher employee costs at move and rea group, $29 million of higher marketing costs at move, the $14 million adverse impact from a valuation adjustment related to expected trail commissions at rea group's financial services business and the $12 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations.
subscription video services (20% and 22% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2022                                                                           2021                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                 $1,753                      $1,825                     $(72)                        (4)    %
advertising                                     232                         210                        22                         10    %
other                                            41                          37                         4                         11    %
total revenues                                2,026                       2,072                      (46)                        (2)    %
operating expenses                          (1,281)                     (1,334)                        53                          4    %
selling, general and administrative           (385)                       (379)                       (6)                        (2)    %
segment ebitda                                 $360                        $359                        $1                          -    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, revenues at the subscription video services segment decreased $46 million, or 2%, as compared to fiscal 2021, due to the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, as the $114 million increase in streaming revenues, primarily from binge and kayo, and higher advertising revenues more than offset lower residential subscription revenues resulting from fewer residential broadcast subscribers. foxtel group streaming subscription revenues represented approximately 20% of total circulation and subscription revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, as compared to 14% in fiscal 2021. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $61 million, or 3%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, segment ebitda increased $1 million as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to the absence of $57 million of additional sports programming rights and production costs recognized in the prior year that were deferred from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 due to covid-19 and lower employee costs due to reduced headcount, largely offset by higher sports and entertainment programming rights costs due to increased content availability, higher technology costs, higher investment spending on streaming products, mainly in marketing, and the negative $8 million impact of foreign currency fluctuations.
the following tables provide information regarding certain key performance indicators for the foxtel group, the primary reporting unit within the subscription video services segment, as of and for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021. management believes these metrics provide useful information to allow investors to understand trends in consumer behavior and acceptance of the various services offered by the foxtel group. management utilizes these metrics to track and forecast subscription revenue trends across the business's various linear and streaming products. see "part i. business" for further detail regarding these performance indicators including definitions and methods of calculation.
45
as of june 30,
2022                                                                                                       2021
(in 000s)
broadcast subscribers residential(a)                                            1,481                                  1,651
commercial(b)                                               242                                    234
streaming subscribers (total (paid))(c)
kayo                                                  1,312 (1,293 paid)                     1,079 (1,054 paid)
binge                                                 1,263 (1,192 paid)                         827 (733 paid)
foxtel now                                                201 (194 paid)                         228 (219 paid)
total subscribers (total (paid))(d)                   4,529 (4,413 paid)                     4,019 (3,891 paid)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2022                                                     2021
broadcast arpu(e)                   a$82 (us$59)                           a$80 (us$60)
broadcast subscriber churn(f)       13.8%                                  17.3%
(a)subscribing households throughout australia as of june 30, 2022 and 2021.
(b)commercial subscribers throughout australia as of june 30, 2022 and 2021.
(c)total and paid subscribers for the applicable streaming service as of june 30, 2022 and 2021. paid subscribers excludes customers receiving service for no charge under certain new subscriber promotions.
(d)total subscribers consists of foxtel's broadcast and streaming services listed above, and, as of june 30, 2022, flash.
(e)average monthly broadcast residential subscription revenue per user (excluding optus) (broadcast arpu) for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021.
(f)broadcast residential subscriber churn rate (excluding optus) (broadcast subscriber churn) for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021.
dow jones (19% and 18% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2022                                                                           2021                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                 $1,516                      $1,296                      $220                         17    %
advertising                                     449                         373                        76                         20    %
other                                            39                          33                         6                         18    %
total revenues                                2,004                       1,702                       302                         18    %
operating expenses                            (845)                       (781)                      (64)                        (8)    %
selling, general and administrative           (726)                       (589)                     (137)                       (23)    %
segment ebitda                                 $433                        $332                      $101                         30    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, revenues at the dow jones segment increased $302 million, or 18%, as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily driven by the increase in circulation and subscription revenues, higher advertising revenues, the $65 million impact from the acquisition of ibd in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 and the $47 million impact from the acquisition of opis in the third quarter of fiscal 2022. digital revenues at the dow jones segment represented 75% of total revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, as compared to 72% in fiscal 2021. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $10 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021. the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2022 resulted in a revenue increase of approximately $40 million.
46
circulation and subscription revenues for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2022                                                                                    2021               change                         % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                    better/(worse)
circulation and subscription revenues:
circulation and other                                   $937                        $817                   $120                            15    %
professional information business                        579                         479       100                                         21    %
total circulation and subscription revenues           $1,516                      $1,296                   $220                            17    %
circulation and subscription revenues increased $220 million, or 17%, during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021. circulation and other revenues increased $120 million, or 15%, primarily driven by the $59 million impact from the acquisition of ibd and the growth in digital-only subscriptions at the wall street journal and barron's group. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, average daily digital-only subscriptions at the wall street journal increased 14% to 3.1 million as compared to fiscal 2021, and digital revenues represented 67% of circulation revenue for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, as compared to 64% in fiscal 2021. revenues at the professional information business increased $100 million, or 21%, primarily driven by the $47 million impact from the acquisition of opis and an increase of $35 million in risk & compliance revenues. the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2022 resulted in a circulation and subscription revenue increase of approximately $31 million.
the following table summarizes average daily consumer subscriptions during the three months ended june 30, 2022 and 2021 for select publications and for all consumer subscription products.(a)
for the three months ended june 30(b),
2022                                                                 2021                     change                   % change
(in thousands, except %)                                                                                         better/(worse)
the wall street journal digital-only subscriptions(c)         3,095                     2,722                       373                         14    %
total subscriptions                   3,749                     3,456                       293                          8    %
barron's group(d)
digital-only subscriptions(c)           848                       700                       148                         21    %
total subscriptions                   1,038                       920                       118                         13    %
total consumer(e)
digital-only subscriptions(c)         4,029                     3,522                       507                         14    %
total subscriptions                   4,898                     4,502                       396                          9    %
________________________
(a)based on internal data for the periods from march 28, 2022 to july 3, 2022 and march 29, 2021 to june 27, 2021, respectively, with independent verification procedures performed by pricewaterhousecoopers llp uk.
(b)subscriptions include individual consumer subscriptions, as well as subscriptions purchased by companies, schools, businesses and associations for use by their respective employees, students, customers or members. subscriptions exclude single-copy sales and copies purchased by hotels, airlines and other businesses for limited distribution or access to customers.
(c)for some publications, including the wall street journal and barron's, dow jones sells bundled print and digital products. for bundles that provide access to both print and digital products every day of the week, only one unit is reported each day and is designated as a print subscription. for bundled products that provide access to the print product only on specified days and full digital access, one print subscription is reported for each day that a print copy is served and one digital subscription is reported for each remaining day of the week.
(d)barron's group consists of barron's, marketwatch, financial news and private equity news.
(e)total consumer consists of the wall street journal, barron's group and investor's business daily.
advertising revenues advertising revenues increased $76 million, or 20%, during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021. digital advertising revenues increased by $47 million, driven by higher average yields, and represented 59% of advertising revenue for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, as compared to 58% in fiscal 2021. the increase in advertising revenues was also due to the $29 million increase in print advertising revenues driven by the ongoing recovery from covid-19. the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2022 resulted in an advertising revenue increase of approximately $9 million.
47
segment ebitda for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, segment ebitda at the dow jones segment increased $101 million, or 30%, as compared to fiscal 2021, including the $19 million and $17 million impacts from the acquisitions of ibd and opis, respectively, primarily due to the increase in revenues discussed above, partially offset by increased employee costs, the $25 million impact from opis and cma-related transaction costs and increased sales and marketing costs.
book publishing (21% of the company's consolidated revenues in both fiscal 2022 and 2021)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2022                                                                           2021                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues:
consumer                                     $2,106                      $1,908                      $198                         10    %
other                                            85                          77                         8                         10    %
total revenues                                2,191                       1,985                       206                         10    %
operating expenses                          (1,512)                     (1,301)                     (211)                       (16)    %
selling, general and administrative           (373)                       (381)                         8                          2    %
segment ebitda                                 $306                        $303                        $3                          1    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, revenues at the book publishing segment increased $206 million, or 10%, as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily driven by the $149 million contribution from the acquisition of hmh books and media in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, increased book sales in the u.k. and higher revenues in the general books category, which benefited from the releases of twelve and a half by gary vaynerchuk, the storyteller by dave grohl and the pioneer woman cooks: super easy! by ree drummond. christian publishing sales also improved, driven by the ongoing recovery of certain distribution channels from covid-19. the increases were partially offset by a $16 million impact from lower sales of the bridgerton series and lower sales in the foreign language and children's publishing categories. digital sales increased by 4% as compared to fiscal 2021 due to growth in downloadable audiobooks, partially offset by lower sales of e-books. digital sales represented approximately 21% of consumer revenues during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $14 million, or 1%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021. the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2022 resulted in a revenue increase of approximately $20 million.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, segment ebitda at the book publishing segment increased $3 million, or 1%, as compared to fiscal 2021, including a $22 million positive impact from the acquisition of hmh books and media, as the higher revenues discussed above were largely offset by higher manufacturing and freight costs related to increased sales volumes, the mix of titles and the impact from ongoing supply chain and inflationary pressures. these supply chain and inflationary pressures are expected to continue to impact the business in the near term.
news media (23% and 24% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2022                                                                           2021                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                 $1,143                      $1,060                       $83                          8    %
advertising                                   1,005                         885                       120                         14    %
other                                           275                         260                        15                          6    %
total revenues                                2,423                       2,205                       218                         10    %
operating expenses                          (1,278)                     (1,233)                      (45)                        (4)    %
selling, general and administrative           (928)                       (920)                       (8)                        (1)    %
segment ebitda                                 $217                         $52                      $165                              **
** not meaningful for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, revenues at the news media segment increased $218 million, or 10%, as compared to fiscal 2021. advertising revenues increased $120 million as compared to fiscal 2021, driven by digital advertising growth across key mastheads, print advertising growth at news uk, the positive impact of the 53rd week and higher revenues at wireless group, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. circulation and subscription revenues increased $83 million as compared to fiscal 2021, driven by higher content licensing revenues, primarily at news corp australia, digital subscriber growth across key mastheads, cover price increases and the positive impact of the 53rd week, partially offset by print volume declines and the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. other revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 increased $15 million as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily driven by increased revenues at news corp australia, partially offset by lower revenues at news uk. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $47 million, or 2%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021. the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2022 resulted in a revenue increase of approximately $36 million.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, segment ebitda at the news media segment improved by $165 million as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to higher contributions from news corp australia of $109 million and news uk of $54 million mainly driven by the higher revenues described above, as well as increased contributions of $18 million and $16 million from wireless group and the new york post, respectively, partially offset by increased costs associated with talktv.
news corp australia revenues were $1,088 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, an increase of $91 million, or 9%, as compared to fiscal 2021 revenues of $997 million. circulation and subscription revenues increased $44 million, primarily driven by higher content licensing revenues, digital subscriber growth and the positive impact of the 53rd week, partially offset by the $14 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and print volume declines. advertising revenues increased $21 million, primarily due to higher digital advertising revenues driven by higher impressions and the positive impact of the 53rd week, partially offset by the $14 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. other revenues increased $26 million, primarily due to higher third-party printing and other services revenues. the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2022 resulted in a revenue increase of approximately $15 million.
news uk revenues were $1,007 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, an increase of $65 million, or 7%, as compared to fiscal 2021 revenues of $942 million. advertising revenues increased $61 million, primarily due to higher digital advertising revenues, mainly at the sun, and higher print advertising revenues, mainly at the times, driven by the ongoing recovery of the advertising market from covid-19 and the positive impact of the 53rd week, partially offset by the $4 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. circulation and subscription revenues increased $25 million, primarily driven by cover price increases, digital subscriber growth and the positive impact of the 53rd week, partially offset by print volume declines and the $8 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. other revenues decreased $21 million, primarily due to lower brand partnership revenues. the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2022 resulted in a revenue increase of approximately $18 million.
liquidity and capital resources current financial condition the company's principal source of liquidity is internally generated funds and cash and cash equivalents on hand. as of june 30, 2022, the company's cash and cash equivalents were $1.82 billion. the company also has available borrowing capacity under the revolving facility and certain other facilities, as described below, and expects to have access to the worldwide credit and capital markets, subject to market conditions, in order to issue additional debt if needed or desired. the company currently expects these elements of liquidity will enable it to meet its liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months, including repayment of indebtedness. although the company believes that its cash on hand and future cash from operations, together with its access to the credit and capital markets, will provide adequate resources to fund its operating and financing needs for at least the next 12 months, its access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms in the future will be affected by many factors, including: (i) the financial and operational performance of the company and/or its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (ii) the company's credit ratings and/or the credit rating of its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (iii) the provisions of any relevant debt instruments, credit agreements, indentures and similar or associated documents; (iv) the liquidity of the overall credit and capital markets; and (v) the state of the economy. there can be no assurances that the company will continue to have access to the credit and capital markets on acceptable terms.
as of june 30, 2022, the company's consolidated assets included $853 million in cash and cash equivalents that were held by its foreign subsidiaries. of this amount, $169 million is cash not readily accessible by the company as it is held by rea group, a majority owned but separately listed public company. rea group must declare a dividend in order for the company to have access to its share of rea group's cash balance. prior to the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act ("tax act"), the company's undistributed foreign earnings were considered permanently reinvested and as such, united states federal and state income taxes were not previously recorded on these earnings. as a result of the tax act, substantially all of the company's earnings in foreign subsidiaries generated prior to the enactment of the tax act were deemed to have been repatriated and taxed accordingly. as of june 30, 2022, the company has approximately $900 million of undistributed foreign earnings that it intends to reinvest permanently. it is not practicable to estimate the amount of tax that might be payable if these earnings were repatriated. the company may repatriate future earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries in which case the company may be required to accrue and pay additional taxes, including any applicable foreign withholding taxes and income taxes.
the principal uses of cash that affect the company's liquidity position include the following: operational expenditures including employee costs, paper purchases and programming costs; capital expenditures; income tax payments; investments in associated entities; acquisitions; the repurchase of shares; dividends; and the repayment of debt and related interest. in addition to the acquisitions and dispositions disclosed elsewhere, the company has evaluated, and expects to continue to evaluate, possible future acquisitions and dispositions of certain businesses. such transactions may be material and may involve cash, the issuance of the company's securities or the assumption of indebtedness.
issuer purchases of equity securities on september 22, 2021, the company announced a new repurchase program authorizing the company to purchase up to $1 billion in the aggregate of its outstanding class a common stock and class b common stock. the repurchase program replaces the company's $500 million class a common stock repurchase program approved by the board of directors in may 2013. the manner, timing, number and share price of any repurchases will be determined by the company at its discretion and will depend upon such factors as the market price of the stock, general market conditions, applicable securities laws, alternative investment opportunities and other factors. the repurchase program has no time limit and may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. as of june 30, 2022, the remaining authorized amount under the repurchase program was approximately $817 million.
stock repurchases commenced on november 9, 2021. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, the company repurchased and subsequently retired 5.8 million shares of class a common stock for approximately $122 million and 2.9 million shares of class b common stock for approximately $61 million. the company did not purchase any of its class a common stock or class b common stock during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021.
dividends the following table summarizes the dividends declared and paid per share on both the company's class a common stock and class b common stock:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2022                                               2021
cash dividends paid per share         $0.20                         $0.20
the timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to stockholders, if any, is within the discretion of the board of directors. the board of directors' decisions regarding the payment of future dividends will depend on many factors, including the company's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and debt facility covenants, other contractual restrictions, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, market volatility and other factors that the board of directors deems relevant.
sources and uses of cash-fiscal 2022 versus fiscal 2021
net cash provided by operating activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,             2022                    2021
net cash provided by operating activities                   $1,354                  $1,237
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $117 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021. the increase was primarily due to higher total segment ebitda, partially offset by higher working capital, driven by higher employee bonus and equity-based compensation payments, payments related to one-time legal settlement costs and higher inventory purchases, and $41 million in higher interest payments.
net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,          2022                      2021
net cash used in investing activities                 $(2,076)                  $(1,292)
net cash used in investing activities was $2,076 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to net cash used in investing activities of $1,292 million for fiscal 2021.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, the company used $1,501 million of cash for acquisitions, of which $1,146 million and $288 million related to the acquisitions of opis and cma in february and june 2022, respectively. the company also used $499 million of cash for capital expenditures, of which $189 million related to the foxtel group, and $112 million for investments.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, the company used $886 million of cash for acquisitions, primarily hmh books & media, ibd and mortgage choice, and used $390 million of cash for capital expenditures, of which $139 million related to the foxtel group.
net cash provided by financing activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,             2022                  2021
net cash provided by financing activities                   $404                  $699
the company had net cash provided by financing activities of $404 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 as compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $699 million for fiscal 2021.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, the company issued $500 million of 2022 senior notes and incurred $500 million of term a loans and had new borrowings for rea group and the foxtel group of $690 million. the net cash provided by financing activities was partially offset by $838 million of borrowing repayments, primarily related to the foxtel group's 2019 credit facility and rea group's refinancing of its bridge facility, $179 million of repurchases of outstanding class a and class b common stock under the repurchase program and dividend payments of $175 million to news corporation stockholders and rea group minority stockholders. see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, the company issued $1.0 billion of senior notes and had new borrowings related to rea group and the foxtel group of $515 million, which includes drawdowns under rea group's 2021 bridge facility to repay outstanding debt in connection with its refinancing completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. the net cash provided by financing activities was partially offset by $557 million of repayments for borrowings related to the foxtel group and rea group and dividend payments of $163 million to news corporation stockholders and rea group minority stockholders.
reconciliation of free cash flow available to news corporation free cash flow available to news corporation is a non-gaap financial measure defined as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures ("free cash flow"), less rea group free cash flow, plus cash dividends received from rea group. free cash flow available to news corporation should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, cash flows from operations and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. free cash flow available to news corporation may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies, since companies and investors may differ as to what items should be included in the calculation of free cash flow.
the company considers free cash flow available to news corporation to provide useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash that is available to be used to strengthen the company's balance sheet and for strategic opportunities including, among others, investing in the company's business, strategic acquisitions, dividend payouts and repurchasing stock. the company believes excluding rea group's free cash flow and including dividends received from rea group provides users of its consolidated financial statements with a measure of the amount of cash flow that is readily available to the company, as rea group is a separately listed public company in australia and must declare a dividend in order for the company to have access to its share of rea group's cash balance. the company believes free cash flow available to news corporation provides a more conservative view of the company's free cash flow because this presentation includes only that amount of cash the company actually receives from rea group, which has generally been lower than the company's unadjusted free cash flow.
a limitation of free cash flow available to news corporation is that it does not represent the total increase or decrease in the cash balance for the period. management compensates for the limitation of free cash flow available to news corporation by also relying on the net change in cash and cash equivalents as presented in the statements of cash flows prepared in accordance with gaap which incorporate all cash movements during the period.
the following table presents a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow available to news corporation:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2022                                                                                         2021
(in millions)
net cash provided by operating activities             $1,354                          $1,237
less: capital expenditures                             (499)                           (390)
855                                                                                      847
less: rea group free cash flow                         (279)                           (185)
plus: cash dividends received from rea group              87                              69
free cash flow available to news corporation            $663                            $731
free cash flow available to news corporation decreased $68 million in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022 to $663 million from $731 million in fiscal 2021, primarily due to higher capital expenditures and higher rea group free cash flow, partially offset by higher net cash provided by operating activities as discussed above and higher dividends received from rea group.
borrowings as of june 30, 2022, the company, certain subsidiaries of nxe australia pty limited (the "foxtel group" and together with such subsidiaries, the "foxtel debt group") and rea group and certain of its subsidiaries (rea group and certain of its subsidiaries, the "rea debt group") had total borrowings of $3.07 billion, including the current portion. both the foxtel group and rea group are consolidated but non wholly-owned subsidiaries of news corp, and their indebtedness is only guaranteed by members of the foxtel debt group and rea debt group, respectively, and is non-recourse to news corp.
news corporation borrowings as of june 30, 2022, the company had (i) borrowings of $1,979 million, consisting of its outstanding 2021 senior notes, 2022 senior notes and term a loans and (ii) $750 million of undrawn commitments available under the revolving facility.
in february 2022, the company issued $500 million of senior notes due 2032. the 2022 senior notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.125% per annum, payable in cash semi-annually on february 15 and august 15 of each year, commencing on august 15, 2022. the notes will mature on february 15, 2032.
term loan a and revolving credit facilities on march 29, 2022, the company terminated its existing unsecured $750 million revolving credit facility and entered into the 2022 credit agreement that provides for $1,250 million of unsecured credit facilities comprised of the $500 million term a facility and the $750 million revolving facility that can be used for general corporate purposes. the company borrowed the full amount of the term a facility during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, and the revolving facility remains undrawn as of june 30, 2022.
the term a loans will amortize in equal quarterly installments in an aggregate annual amount equal to 0.0%, 2.5%, 2.5%, 5.0% and 5.0%, respectively, of the original principal amount of the term a facility for each 12-month period commencing on june 30, 2022. the loans under the revolving facility will not amortize. all amounts under the 2022 credit agreement with respect to the facilities are due on march 31, 2027, unless earlier terminated in the circumstances set forth in the 2022 credit agreement. the company may request that the maturity date of the term a facility be extended under certain circumstances as set forth in the 2022 credit agreement by at least one year. the company may also request that the maturity date of the revolving credit commitments under the revolving facility be extended under certain circumstances as set forth in the 2022 credit agreement for up to two additional one-year periods.
interest on borrowings is based on either (a) an alternative currency term rate formula, (b) a term sofr formula, (c) an alternative currency daily rate formula ((a) through (c) each, a "relevant rate") or (d) the base rate formula, each as set forth in the 2022 credit agreement. the applicable margin for borrowings under the facilities and the commitment fee for undrawn balances under the revolving facility are based on the pricing grid in the 2022 credit agreement, which varies based on the company's adjusted operating income net leverage ratio. at june 30, 2022, the company was paying a commitment fee of 0.20%
on any undrawn balance under the revolving facility and, with respect to any outstanding borrowings under the facilities, an applicable margin of 0.375% for a base rate borrowing and 1.375% for a relevant rate borrowing.
the company entered into an interest rate swap derivative to fix the floating rate interest component of its term a loans at 2.083%. refer to note 11-financial instruments and fair value measurements in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further detail.
foxtel group borrowings as of june 30, 2022, the foxtel debt group had (i) borrowings of approximately $742 million, including the full drawdown of its 2019 term loan facility, amounts outstanding under the 2019 credit facility and 2017 working capital facility, its outstanding u.s. private placement senior unsecured notes and amounts outstanding under the telstra facility (described below), and (ii) total undrawn commitments of a$539 million available under the 2017 working capital facility and 2019 credit facility.
in addition to third-party indebtedness, the foxtel debt group has related party indebtedness, including a$700 million of outstanding principal of shareholder loans and a$200 million of available shareholder facilities from the company. the shareholder loans bear interest at a variable rate of the australian bbsy plus an applicable margin ranging from 6.30% to 7.75% and mature in december 2027. the shareholder revolving credit facility bears interest at a variable rate of the australian bbsy plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.00% to 3.75%, depending on the foxtel debt group's net leverage ratio, and matures in july 2024. additionally, the foxtel debt group has an a$170 million subordinated shareholder loan facility with telstra which can be used to finance cable transmission costs due to telstra. the telstra facility bears interest at a variable rate of the australian bbsy plus an applicable margin of 7.75% and matures in december 2027. the company excludes the utilization of the telstra facility from the statements of cash flows because it is non-cash.
rea group borrowings as of june 30, 2022, rea group had (i) borrowings of approximately $281 million, consisting of amounts outstanding under its 2022 credit facility (as defined below), and (ii) a$187 million of undrawn commitments available under its 2022 credit facility.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2022, rea group completed a debt refinancing in which it repaid all amounts outstanding under its 2021 bridge facility with the proceeds from a new a$600 million unsecured syndicated credit facility (the "2022 credit facility") consisting of two sub-facilities: (i) a three year, a$400 million revolving loan facility (the "2022 credit facility - tranche 1") and (ii) a four year, a$200 million revolving loan facility (the "2022 credit facility - tranche 2").
borrowings under the 2022 credit facility - tranche 1 accrue interest at a rate of the australian bbsy plus a margin of between 1.00% and 2.10%, depending on rea group's net leverage ratio. borrowings under the 2022 credit facility - tranche 2 accrue interest at a rate of the australian bbsy plus a margin of between 1.15% and 2.25%, depending on rea group's net leverage ratio. both tranches carry a commitment fee of 40% of the applicable margin on any undrawn balance.
all of the company's borrowings contain customary representations, covenants and events of default. the company was in compliance with all such covenants at june 30, 2022.
see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the company's outstanding debt, including additional information about interest rates, maturities and covenants related to such debt arrangements.
commitments the company has commitments under certain firm contractual arrangements ("firm commitments") to make future payments. these firm commitments secure the current and future rights to various assets and services to be used in the normal course of operations.
the following table summarizes the company's material firm commitments as of june 30, 2022:
as of june 30, 2022
payments due by period total                less than 1                  1-3 years                  3-5 years                  more than year                                                                          5 years
(in millions)
purchase obligations(a)                                    $930                     $469                       $328                        $69                        $64
sports programming rights(b)                              1,708                      460                        795                        381                         72
programming costs(c)                                        568                      262                        272                         30                          4
operating leases(d)
transmission costs(e)                                       170                       26                         46                         35                         63
land and buildings                                        1,126                      139                        245                        217                        525
plant and machinery                                          11                        5                          5                          1                          -
finance leases transmission costs(e)                                        70                       29                         41                          -                          -
borrowings(f)                                             3,027                      271                        683                        483                      1,590
interest payments on borrowings(g)                          710                      118                        206                        177                        209
total commitments and contractual obligations            $8,320                   $1,779                     $2,621                     $1,393                     $2,527
________________________
(a)the company has commitments under purchase obligations related to minimum subscriber guarantees for license fees, printing contracts, capital projects, marketing agreements, production services and other legally binding commitments.
(b)the company has sports programming rights commitments with the national rugby league, australian football league and cricket australia, as well as certain other broadcast rights which are payable through fiscal 2028.
(c)the company has programming rights commitments with various suppliers for programming content.
(d)the company leases office facilities, warehouse facilities, printing plants, satellite services and equipment. these leases, which are classified as operating leases, are expected to be paid at certain dates through fiscal 2048. amounts reflected represent only the company's lease obligations for which it has firm commitments.
(e)the company has contractual commitments for satellite transmission services. the company's satellite transponder services arrangements extend through fiscal 2032 and are accounted for as operating or finance leases, based on the underlying terms of those arrangements.
(f)see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
(g)reflects the company's expected future interest payments based on borrowings outstanding and interest rates applicable at june 30, 2022. such rates are subject to change in future periods. see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company has certain contracts to purchase newsprint, ink and plates that require the company to purchase a percentage of its total requirements for production. since the quantities purchased annually under these contracts are not fixed and are based on the company's total requirements, the amount of the related payments for these purchases is excluded from the table above.
the table also excludes the company's pension obligations, other postretirement benefits ("opeb") obligations and the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions as the company is unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount and timing of the commitments. the company made contributions of $29 million and $35 million to its pension plans in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. future plan contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns, interest rates and statutory requirements. the company anticipates that it will make contributions of approximately $12 million in fiscal 2023, assuming that actual plan asset returns are consistent with the company's returns in fiscal 2022 and those expected beyond, and that interest rates remain constant. the company will continue to make voluntary contributions as necessary to improve the funded status of the plans. payments due to participants under the company's pension plans are primarily paid out of underlying trusts. payments due under the company's opeb plans are not required to be funded in advance, but are paid as medical costs are incurred by covered retiree populations, and are principally dependent upon the future cost of retiree medical benefits under the company's opeb plans. the company expects its opeb payments to approximate $8 million in fiscal 2023. see note 17-retirement benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
other significant ongoing expenses or cash requirements for each of the company's segments are discussed above in "overview of the company's businesses." the company generally expects to fund these short and long-term cash requirements with internally-generated funds and cash and cash equivalents on hand.
contingencies the company routinely is involved in various legal proceedings, claims and governmental inspections or investigations, including those discussed in note 16-commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. the outcome of these matters and claims is subject to significant uncertainty, and the company often cannot predict what the eventual outcome of pending matters will be or the timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters. fees, expenses, fines, penalties, judgments or settlement costs which might be incurred by the company in connection with the various proceedings could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition.
the company establishes an accrued liability for legal claims when it determines that a loss is both probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. once established, accruals are adjusted from time to time, as appropriate, in light of additional information. the amount of any loss ultimately incurred in relation to matters for which an accrual has been established may be higher or lower than the amounts accrued for such matters. legal fees associated with litigation and similar proceedings are expensed as incurred. the company recognizes gain contingencies when the gain becomes realized or realizable. see note 16-commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company's tax returns are subject to on-going review and examination by various tax authorities. tax authorities may not agree with the treatment of items reported in the company's tax returns, and therefore the outcome of tax reviews and examinations can be unpredictable. the company believes it has appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of uncertain tax matters and believes such liabilities represent a reasonable provision for taxes ultimately expected to be paid. however, these liabilities may need to be adjusted as new information becomes known and as tax examinations continue to progress, or as settlements or litigations occur.
critical accounting policies and estimates an accounting policy is considered to be critical if it is important to the company's financial condition and results of operations and if it requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application. the development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by management of the company. see note 2-summary of significant accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
long-lived assets the company's long-lived assets include goodwill, finite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment. assets acquired in business combinations are recorded at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. goodwill is recorded as the difference between the cost of acquiring a business and the estimated fair values assigned to its tangible and identifiable intangible net assets and is assigned to one or more reporting units for purposes of testing for impairment.
determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. identifying reporting units and assigning goodwill to them requires judgment involving the aggregation of business units with similar economic characteristics and the identification of existing business units that benefit from the acquired goodwill. the judgments made in determining the estimated fair value assigned to each class of long-lived assets acquired, their reporting unit, as well as their useful lives can significantly impact net income. the company allocates goodwill to disposed businesses using the relative fair value method.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets the company tests goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter and at other times if a significant event or change in circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of these assets has been reduced below their carrying value. the company uses its judgment in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual impairment assessments. indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological changes or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts, may signal that an asset has become impaired.
under asc 350, in assessing goodwill for impairment, the company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether events or circumstances exist that lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the company is not required to perform any additional tests in assessing goodwill for impairment. however, if the company concludes otherwise or elects not to perform the qualitative assessment, then it is required to perform a quantitative analysis to determine the fair value of the reporting unit, and compare the calculated fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. the company determines the fair value of a reporting unit primarily by using both a discounted cash flow analysis and market-based valuation approach.
determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgments, including judgments about appropriate discount rates, long-term growth rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, as part of the company's long-range planning process, the company completed its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test.
the performance of the company's annual impairment analysis resulted in no impairments to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in fiscal 2022. significant unobservable inputs utilized in the income approach valuation method were discount rates (ranging from 8.0% to 19.0%), long-term growth rates (ranging from 1.0% to 3.0%) and royalty rates (ranging from 0.25% to 7.0%). significant unobservable inputs utilized in the market approach valuation method were ebitda multiples from guideline public companies operating in similar industries and control premiums (ranging from 5.0% to 10.0%). significant increases (decreases) in royalty rates, growth rates, control premiums and multiples, assuming no change in discount rates, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. significant decreases (increases) in discount rates, assuming no changes in royalty rates, growth rates, control premiums and multiples, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. see note 8-goodwill and other intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details regarding changes in these inputs and assumptions compared to prior fiscal years.
as of june 30, 2022, there were no reporting units with goodwill at-risk for future impairment. the company will continue to monitor its goodwill for possible future impairment.
programming costs costs incurred in acquiring programming rights are accounted for in accordance with asc 920, "entertainment-broadcasters." programming rights and the related liabilities are recorded at the gross amount of the liabilities when the license period has begun, the cost of the program is determinable and the program is accepted and available for airing. programming costs are amortized based on the expected pattern of consumption over the license period or expected useful life of each program, which requires significant judgment. the pattern of consumption is based primarily on consumer viewership information as well as other factors. if initial airings are expected to generate higher viewership, an accelerated method of amortization is used. the company monitors its programming amortization policy on an ongoing basis and any impact arising from changes to the policy would be recognized prospectively. the company regularly reviews its programming assets to ensure they continue to reflect fair value. changes in circumstances may result in a write-down of the asset to fair value. the company has single and multi-year contracts for broadcast rights of sporting events. the costs of sports contracts are primarily charged to expense over the respective season as events are aired. for sports contracts with dedicated channels, the company amortizes the sports programming rights costs over 12 months.
income taxes the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions in which it operates and records its tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences in its reported results of operations. tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining the company's tax expense and in evaluating its tax positions including evaluating uncertainties as promulgated under asc 740, "income taxes."
the company's annual tax rate is based primarily on its geographic income and statutory tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. significant management judgment is required in determining the company's provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and the valuation allowance recorded against the company's net deferred tax assets, if any. in assessing the likelihood of realization of deferred tax assets, management considers estimates of the amount and character of future taxable income. the company's actual effective tax rate and income tax expense could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, tax planning and the company's forecasted financial condition and results of operations in future periods. although the company believes its current estimates are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates.
the company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. significant management judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefits to be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. management re-evaluates tax positions each period in which new information about recognition or measurement becomes available. the company's policy is to recognize, when applicable, interest and penalties on unrecognized income tax benefits as part of income tax (expense) benefit.
see note 19-income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details regarding these estimates and assumptions and changes compared to prior fiscal years.
retirement benefit obligations the company's employees participate in various defined benefit pension and postretirement plans sponsored by the company and its subsidiaries. see note 17-retirement benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company records amounts relating to its pension and other postretirement benefit plans based on calculations specified by gaap. the measurement and recognition of the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans require the use of significant management judgments, including discount rates, expected return on plan assets, mortality and other actuarial assumptions. net periodic benefit costs (income) are calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions, including a discount rate for plan obligations, an expected rate of return on plan assets and mortality rates. current market conditions, including changes in investment returns and interest rates, were considered in making these assumptions. in developing the expected long-term rate of return, the pension portfolio's past average rate of returns and future return expectations of the various asset classes were considered. the weighted average expected long-term rate of return of 4.3% for fiscal 2023 is based on a weighted average target asset allocation assumption of 17% equities, 76% fixed-income securities and 7% cash and other investments.
the company recorded nil and $(1) million in net periodic benefit (income) costs in the statements of operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the company utilizes the full yield-curve approach to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit costs (income) for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
although the discount rate used for each plan will be established and applied individually, a weighted average discount rate of 4.1% will be used in calculating the fiscal 2023 net periodic benefit costs (income). the discount rate reflects the market rate for high-quality fixed-income investments on the company's annual measurement date of june 30 and is subject to change each fiscal year. the discount rate assumptions used to account for pension and other postretirement benefit plans reflect the rates at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled. the rate was determined by matching the company's expected benefit payments for the plans to a hypothetical yield curve developed using a portfolio of several hundred high-quality non-callable corporate bonds. the weighted average discount rate is volatile from year to year because it is determined based upon the prevailing rates in the u.s., the u.k., australia and other foreign countries as of the measurement date.
the key assumptions used in developing the company's fiscal 2022 and 2021 net periodic benefit costs (income) for its plans consist of the following:
2022                                                                                                                            2021
(in millions, except %)
weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs (income):
discount rate for pbo                                                                             2.1%                          2.0%
discount rate for service cost                                                                    1.8%                          1.8%
discount rate for interest on pbo                                                                 1.7%                          1.6%
assets:
expected rate of return                                                                           3.7%                          3.7%
expected return                                                                                    $51                           $50
actual return                                                                                   $(215)                           $48
(loss)/gain                                                                                     $(266)                          $(2)
one year actual return                                                                         (15.6)%                          3.7%
five year actual return                                                                           0.8%                          5.9%
the company will use a weighted average long-term rate of return of 4.3% for fiscal 2023 based principally on a combination of current asset mix and an expectation of future long term investment returns. the accumulated net pre-tax losses on the company's pension plans as of june 30, 2022 were approximately $459 million which decreased from approximately $542 million for the company's pension plans as of june 30, 2021. this net decrease of $83 million was primarily due to currency movements and unrecognized losses amortized during fiscal 2022. lower discount rates increase present values of benefit obligations and increase the company's deferred losses and also increase subsequent-year benefit costs. higher discount rates decrease the present values of benefit obligations and reduce the company's accumulated net loss and decrease subsequent-year benefit costs. these deferred losses are being systematically recognized in future net periodic benefit costs (income) in accordance with asc 715, "compensation-retirement benefits." unrecognized losses for the primary plans in excess of 10% of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or the plan's projected benefit obligation are recognized over the average life expectancy for plan participants for the primary plans.
the company made contributions of $29 million and $35 million to its pension plans in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. future plan contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns, statutory requirements and interest rate movements. assuming that actual plan asset returns are consistent with the company's expected returns in fiscal 2022 and beyond, and that interest rates remain constant, the company anticipates that it will make contributions of approximately $12 million in fiscal 2023. the company will continue to make voluntary contributions as necessary to improve the funded status of the plans. see note 18-other postretirement benefits in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
changes in net periodic benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in the company's expected rate of return on plan assets and discount rate resulting from economic events. the following table highlights the sensitivity of the company's pension obligations and expense to changes in these assumptions, assuming all other assumptions remain constant:
changes in assumption   impact on annual           impact on projected pension expense            benefit obligation
0.25 percentage point decrease in discount rate   increase $1 million        increase $35 million
0.25 percentage point increase in discount rate   decrease $1 million        decrease $32 million
0.25 percentage point decrease in expected rate of return on assets   increase $3 million        -
0.25 percentage point increase in expected rate of return on assets   decrease $3 million        -
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2-summary of significant accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
