risk factors, could be exacerbated during a health epidemic, pandemic, or similar outbreak. despite our efforts to manage our exposure to these risks, the ultimate impact of health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks depends on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of any outbreak and governmental/social actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate its public health impact.
changes in our relationships with significant customers, including the loss or reduction in business from one or more of them, could have an adverse impact on our business.
we do not believe the loss of any one customer would materially impact our business and revenue growth due to the diversity of our customer base. we do, however, have a number of customers whose demand for our services is tied to u.s. industrial production, or the broader domestic economy, that could, collectively, drive business and revenue growth. these customers could experience a decrease in production due to a decrease in the demand for their products, as a result of a decline in the u.s economy or other global economic factors. they could also use other ltl providers and other modes of transportation, such as truckload and intermodal, in response to capacity, service and pricing issues. finally, unfavorable publicity about us or our employees, particularly given the current environment of instantaneous communication and social media outlets, could damage our reputation and result in these customers reducing their demand for our services. if these factors resulted in a reduction or loss of business from these customers, there could be a material impact on our business and revenue growth.
insurance and claims expenses could significantly reduce our profitability.
we are exposed to a variety of claims, including but not limited to those related to cargo loss and damage, property damage, personal injury, workers' compensation and healthcare. we have insurance coverage with third-party insurance carriers, but we assume a significant portion of the risk associated with these claims due to our self-
insured retentions and deductibles. our operating results could be adversely affected if any of the following were to occur: (i) the number or the severity of claims increases; (ii) we are required to accrue or pay additional amounts because claims prove to be more severe than our original assessment; or (iii) claims exceed our coverage amounts. if claims exceed our self-insured retention or deductible levels, insurance companies exit the transportation insurance marketplace, or insurance market conditions change, insurers could raise premiums for excess coverage to cover their expenses and anticipated future losses. coverage also may not be procured or be unavailable for certain claims. in addition, insurance companies generally require us to collateralize our self-
insured retention or deductible levels. if these collateralization requirements increase, our borrowing capacity could be adversely affected.
reductions in the available supply or increases in the cost of equipment and parts may adversely impact our profitability and cash flows.
7
we have recently experienced difficulties in purchasing equipment and related maintenance parts due to decreased supply and increased costs, and may continue to experience such difficulties in the future. investment in new equipment is a significant part of our annual capital expenditures and we require an available supply of tractors, trailers, and other freight handling equipment from manufacturers to operate and grow our business. we may also be subject to shortages in raw materials that are required for the production of critical operating equipment and supplies, such as shortages in rubber or steel. tractor and trailer manufacturers continue to experience significant shortages of various component parts and supplies, forcing many manufacturers to reduce or suspend their production, which has led to a lower supply of tractors, trailers, and other equipment, higher prices, and lengthened trade cycles.
in addition, the availability and price of our equipment may also be adversely affected in the future by regulations on newly manufactured equipment and engines. we are subject to regulations issued by the u.s.
environmental protection agency (the "epa") as well as regulations issued by state and local agencies, including the california air resources board ("carb") and the south coast air quality management district ("scaqmd"). carb and scaqmd have required progressive reductions in exhaust emissions through the advanced clean fleets regulation and the warehouse indirect source rule, respectively. we may become subject to new or more restrictive regulations, or differing interpretations of existing regulations, which may increase the cost of providing transportation services or adversely affect our results of operations. we are also unable to predict how any future changes in government policy will affect epa, carb and scaqmd regulation and enforcement.
these regulations, the limited equipment availability, and other supply chain factors have resulted and could continue to result in higher prices for new equipment, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, particularly our maintenance expense, mileage productivity, and driver retention.
various economic factors such as recessions, inflation and downturns in the domestic economy could adversely impact our profitability and cash flows.
inflation in the united states climbed to its highest level in 40 years during 2022 and the federal reserve increased interest rates as a result. the domestic economy has slowed, impacting industry volumes, while transportation carriers have also faced an increase in the cost of doing business. our business has generally experienced cost increases for labor, benefits, real estate, equipment, fuel, parts and repairs, operating taxes, insurance, purchased transportation, interest expense and other miscellaneous expenses. if we are unable to sufficiently increase our rates to offset the ongoing increase in our costs, our profitability and cash flows could be materially affected.
higher costs for or limited availability of suitable real estate may adversely affect our business operations.
our business model is dependent on the cost and availability of service centers in key strategic areas. we have experienced higher costs to purchase, lease and/or build or renovate service centers as a result of inflation, supply chain issues, increased raw material and labor costs, and higher demand for and reduced supply of such service centers. shortages in the availability of suitable real estate or delays in obtaining necessary permits or approvals may result in significant additional costs to purchase, lease and/or build or renovate additional necessary service centers, increase our operating expenses, restrict our ability to grow existing markets or expand into new markets and/or prevent us from efficiently serving certain markets.
our growth may be limited by the availability and cost of third-party transportation used to supplement our workforce and equipment needs.
our growth strategy depends upon our ability to maintain adequate capacity throughout our service center network to support the transportation service needs of our customers. in order to maintain adequate capacity to support our customers' demand for our services we may, from time to time, utilize third-party transportation services to supplement our workforce and equipment needs. if we are unable to find suitable third-party transportation service providers that meet our high service-delivery standards at a reasonable cost, when needed, our revenue growth and financial results may be adversely impacted.
we may be adversely impacted by fluctuations in the availability and price of diesel fuel.
diesel fuel is a critical component of our operations and a significant operating expense for our business.
fluctuations in prices and availability of diesel fuel could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. diesel fuel prices and fuel availability can be impacted by factors beyond our control, such as natural or man-made disasters; adverse weather conditions; political events; disruption or failure of technology or information systems; price and supply decisions by oil producing countries and cartels; effect of any international conflicts; armed conflict; terrorist activities; world supply and demand imbalances; changes in refining capacity;
changes in governmental policy concerning fuel production, transportation, taxes or marketing; tariffs; sanctions;
public and investor
8
sentiment; and quotas or other changes to trade agreements. several of these factors combined to constrain fuel supply and increase prices in 2022, and we expect such conditions to continue to be present for the remainder of
2023. we maintain fuel storage and pumping facilities at many of our service center locations; however, we may be susceptible to fuel shortages at certain locations that could cause us to incur additional expense to ensure adequate supply on a timely basis and to prevent a disruption to our service schedules. an interruption in the supply of diesel fuel could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
we do not hedge against the risk of diesel fuel price increases. an increase in diesel fuel prices or diesel fuel taxes, or any change in federal or state regulations that results in such an increase, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. we have fuel surcharge programs in place with a majority of our customers, which help offset the negative impact of the increased cost of diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products.
however, we also incur fuel costs that cannot be recovered even with respect to customers with which we maintain fuel surcharge programs, such as those costs associated with empty miles. because our fuel surcharge recovery lags behind changes in fuel prices, our fuel surcharge recovery may not capture the increased costs we pay for fuel, especially when prices are rising, leading to fluctuations in our levels of reimbursement. we regularly monitor the components of our pricing, including fuel surcharges, and address individual account profitability issues with our customers when necessary; however, there can be no assurance that fuel surcharges can be maintained indefinitely or will be sufficiently effective in offsetting increases in diesel fuel prices.
our results of operations may be affected by seasonal factors, harsh weather conditions and disasters.
our operations are subject to seasonal trends common in our industry. our revenue and operating margins in the first and fourth quarters are typically lower than those during the second and third quarters due to reduced shipments, decreased fuel efficiency, increased cold-weather related maintenance costs of revenue equipment, and increased insurance and claims costs during the winter months. harsh winter weather or natural disasters, including but not limited to hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires, earthquakes and storms, can also adversely impact our performance by disrupting freight shipments or routes, destroying our assets, disrupting fuel supplies, increasing fuel costs, increasing maintenance costs, reducing demand and negatively impacting the business or financial condition of our customers, any of which could harm our results of operations or make our results of operations more volatile.
we have significant ongoing cash requirements that could limit our growth and affect our profitability if we are unable to obtain sufficient capital.
our business is highly capital intensive. as further described in part ii, item 7 of this annual report on form
10-k, we generally finance our capital expenditures and planned growth with existing cash and short-term investments, cash flows from operations, issuance of debt (including pursuant to our note purchase and private shelf agreement) and through available borrowings under our existing senior unsecured credit agreement. we may require additional capital to finance long-term real estate purchase opportunities and acquisitions, which we may fund through additional debt or through equity offerings. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash from our operations or raise capital by accessing the debt and equity markets, we may be forced to limit our growth and operate our equipment for longer periods of time, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
our business also has significant ongoing operating cash requirements. if our cash requirements are high or our cash flows from operations is low during particular periods, we may need to seek additional financing, which could be costly or difficult to obtain.
a decrease in the demand and value of used equipment may impact our results of operations.
as we purchase new tractors and trailers as part of our normal replacement cycle each year, we rely on the used equipment market to dispose of our older equipment. oversupply in the transportation industry as well as adverse domestic and foreign economic conditions can negatively impact the demand for used equipment and, therefore, reduce the value we can obtain on our used equipment. if we are unable to sell our older equipment at or above our salvage value, the resulting losses could have a significant impact on our results of operations.
we may be unable to successfully consummate and integrate acquisitions.
in the future, we may seek to acquire other ltl carriers as well as other complementary businesses. exploration of potential acquisitions requires significant attention from our management team. in addition, we expect to compete for acquisition opportunities with other companies, some of which may have greater financial and other resources than we do. we cannot ensure that we will have sufficient cash to consummate an acquisition or otherwise be able to obtain financing under acceptable terms - or obtain financing at all - for an acquisition. if we are unable to access sufficient funding for potential acquisitions, we may not be able to complete transactions that we otherwise find advantageous.
9
any subsequent acquisition will entail numerous risks, including:
we may not achieve anticipated levels of revenue, efficiency, cash flows and profitability;
we may experience difficulties managing businesses that are outside our historical core competency and markets;
we may underestimate the resources required to support acquisitions, which could disrupt our ongoing business and distract our management;
we may incur unanticipated costs to our infrastructure to support new business lines or separate legal entities;
we may be required to temporarily match existing customer pricing in the acquiree's markets, which may be lower than the rates that we would typically charge for our services;
liabilities we assume could be greater than our original estimates or may not be disclosed to us at the time of acquisition;
we may incur additional indebtedness or we may issue additional equity to finance future acquisitions, which could be dilutive to our shareholders;
potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired company; and an inability to recognize projected cost savings and economies of scale.
in addition, we may have difficulty integrating any acquired business and its operations, services and personnel into our existing operations, and such integration may require a significant amount of time and effort by our management team. to the extent we do not successfully avoid or overcome the risks or problems resulting from any acquisitions we undertake, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to various risks arising from our international business operations and relationships, which could adversely affect our business.
we arrange for transportation and logistics services to and from various international locations and are subject to both the risks of conducting international business and the requirements of the foreign corrupt practices act of
1977 (the "fcpa"). failure to comply with the fcpa may result in legal claims against us. in addition, we face other risks associated with international operations and relationships, which may include restrictive trade policies, the renegotiation of international trade agreements, imposition of duties, taxes or government royalties imposed by foreign governments, which could adversely affect our business.
anti-terrorism measures and terrorist events may disrupt our business.
federal, state and municipal authorities have implemented and are continuing to implement various anti-terrorism measures, including checkpoints and travel restrictions on large trucks. if additional security measures disrupt or impede the timing of our deliveries, we may fail to meet the requirements of our customers or incur increased expenses to do so. there can be no assurance that new anti-terrorism measures will not be implemented and that such measures will not have a material adverse effect on our operations.
risks related to our industry we operate in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive industry, and our business will suffer if we are unable to adequately address potential downward pricing pressures and other factors that may adversely affect our operations and profitability.
our industry, faced with requirements for faster deliveries and increased visibility into shipments, is rapidly evolving and increasingly competitive. numerous competitive factors could impair our ability to maintain our current profitability. these factors include, but are not limited to, the following:
we compete with other transportation service providers of varying sizes, some of which may have more equipment, a broader global network and brand recognition, a wider range of services, more fully developed information technology systems, greater capital resources or other competitive advantages;
some of our competitors may reduce their prices to gain business, especially during times of reduced growth rates in the economy, which may limit our ability to maintain or increase prices or maintain revenue;
we may be unable to continue to collect fuel surcharges or our fuel surcharge program may become ineffective in mitigating the impact of the fluctuating costs of fuel and other petroleum-based products;
10
many customers reduce the number of carriers they use by selecting "core carriers" as approved transportation service providers and we may not be selected;
many customers periodically accept bids from multiple carriers for their shipping needs, and this process may depress prices or result in the loss of some business to competitors;
some shippers may choose to acquire their own trucking fleet or may choose to increase the volume of freight they transport if they have an existing trucking fleet;
some customers may choose to consolidate certain ltl shipments through a different mode of transportation, such as truckload, intermodal or rail;
some customers may perceive our environmental, social and governance ("esg") profile to be less robust than that of our competitors, which could influence the selection of their carrier;
our customers may manage their inventory levels more closely to a "just-in-time" basis, which may increase our costs and adversely affect our ability to meet our customers' needs;
consolidation in the ground transportation industry may create other large carriers with greater financial resources and other competitive advantages relating to their size;
advances in technology require increased investments to remain competitive, technological transitions may cause operational challenges and our customers may not be willing to accept higher prices to cover the cost of these investments;
large transportation and e-commerce companies are making significant investments in their capabilities to compete with us;
competition from non-asset-based logistics and freight brokerage companies may adversely affect our customer relationships and ability to maintain sufficient pricing; and our existing or future competitors may adopt emerging or additional technologies that improve their operating effectiveness, which could negatively affect our ability to remain competitive.
if we are unable to effectively compete with other ltl carriers, whether on the basis of price, service, brand recognition or otherwise, we may be unable to retain existing customers or attract new customers, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, continued merger and acquisition or other transaction activity in transportation and logistics could result in stronger or new competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. we may not be able to compete successfully in an increasingly consolidated ltl industry and cannot predict with certainty how industry consolidation will affect our competitors or us.
our customers' and suppliers' businesses may be impacted by various economic factors such as recessions, inflation, downturns in the economy, global uncertainty and instability, changes in u.s. social, political, and regulatory conditions and/or a disruption of financial markets, which may decrease demand for our services or increase our costs.
adverse macroeconomic conditions, both in the u.s. and internationally, such as recent rising inflation, increasing interest rates and slower economic growth has, and may continue to, negatively affect our customers' business levels, the amount of transportation services they need, their ability to pay for our services and overall freight levels, any of which might impair our asset utilization. additionally, uncertainty and instability in the global economy may lead to fewer goods being transported and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. the u.s. government has taken certain other actions that have negatively impacted u.s. trade, including imposing tariffs on certain goods imported into the united states, and several foreign governments have imposed tariffs on certain goods imported from the united states. any further changes in u.s. or international trade policy could trigger additional retaliatory actions by affected countries, resulting in "trade wars" and increased costs for goods transported globally, which may reduce customer demand for these products if the parties having to pay tariffs or address other anti-trade measures increase their prices, or in trading partners limiting their trade with countries that impose such measures. if these consequences are realized, the volume of global economic activity may be significantly reduced. such a reduction could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the price of our common stock.
customers adversely impacted by changes in u.s. trade policies or otherwise encountering adverse economic conditions, including as a result of current inflationary pressures, may be unable to obtain additional financing or financing under acceptable terms. these customers represent a greater potential for bad debt losses, which may require us to increase our reserve for bad debt. economic conditions resulting in bankruptcies of a concentration of our customers could have a significant impact on our financial
11
position, results of operations or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. further, when adverse economic times arise, customers may select competitors that offer lower rates in an attempt to lower their costs, and we might be forced to lower our rates or lose freight volumes.
our suppliers' business levels also may be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions and changes in the political and regulatory environment, both in the u.s. and internationally, or financial constraints, which could lead to disruptions in the workforce, supply and availability of equipment, parts and services critical to our operations. a significant interruption in our normal supply chain could disrupt our operations, increase our costs and negatively impact our ability to serve our customers.
risks related to labor matters if our employees were to unionize, our operating costs would increase and our ability to compete would be impaired.
none of our employees are currently represented under a collective bargaining agreement. however, from time to time there have been efforts to organize our employees at various service centers. further, congress or one or more states could approve legislation and/or the national labor relations board could render decisions or implement rule changes that could significantly affect our business and our relationship with our employees, including actions that could substantially liberalize the procedures for union organization. in addition, we can offer no assurance that the department of labor will not adopt new regulations or interpret existing regulations in a manner that would favor the agenda of unions, or that our employees will not unionize in the future, particularly if regulatory changes occur that facilitate unionization.
the unionization of our employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations because:
restrictive work rules could hamper our efforts to improve and sustain operating efficiency;
restrictive work rules could impair our service reputation and limit our ability to provide next-day services;
a strike or work stoppage could negatively impact our profitability and could damage customer and employee relationships;
shippers may limit their use of unionized trucking companies because of the threat of strikes and other work stoppages; and an election and bargaining process could divert management's time and attention from our overall objectives and impose significant expenses.
increases in employee compensation and benefit packages used to attract and retain qualified employees, including drivers and maintenance technicians,and addressing general labor market challenges could adversely affect our profitability, our ability to maintain or grow our fleet and our ability to maintain our customer relationships.
in recent years, there have been periods of intense competition for qualified employees, specifically drivers, in the transportation industry resulting from a shortage of drivers and general labor market challenges. the extent and duration of the impact of these challenges are subject to numerous factors, including our stringent hiring standards, behavioral changes, prevailing wage rates and other benefits, health and other insurance costs, inflation, stability of overall economic environment, adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations or government programs, and changing workforce demographics. as the available pool of qualified drivers has been declining, we have faced, and may continue to face, difficulty maintaining or increasing our number of drivers. similarly, in recent years, there has been a decrease in the overall supply of skilled maintenance technicians, particularly new technicians with qualifications from technical programs and schools, which has made it more difficult, and may continue to make it more difficult, to attract and retain skilled technicians. the compensation and benefit packages we offer our drivers, technicians and other specialized employees are subject to market conditions that have required and may in the future require further increases in wages and benefits. if we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified drivers and technicians, or address general labor market challenges, we could be required to adjust our compensation and benefits packages, amend our hiring standards, or operate with fewer trucks and face difficulty meeting customer demands, any of which could adversely affect our growth and profitability.
12
if we are unable to retain our key employees, or if we do not continue to effectively execute our succession plan, our business, results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
our success will continue to depend upon the experience and leadership of our key employees and executive officers.
in that regard, the loss of the services of any of our key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity if we are unable to secure replacement personnel who have sufficient experience in our industry and in the management of our business. if we are unable to continue to develop and retain a core group of management personnel and execute succession planning strategies, or we encounter any unforeseen difficulties associated with the transition of members of our management team, our business could be negatively impacted in the future.
risks related to cybersecurity and technology matters our information technology systems are subject to cyber and other risks, some of which are beyond our control, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position.
we rely heavily on the proper functioning and availability of our information systems for our operations as well as for providing value-added services to our customers. our information systems, including our accounting, communications and data processing systems, are integral to the efficient operation of our business. it is critical that the data processed by these systems remains confidential, as it often includes competitive customer information, confidential customer payment and transaction information, employee records and key financial and operational results and statistics. the sophistication of efforts by hackers, foreign governments, cyber-
terrorists, and cyber-criminals, acting individually or in coordinated groups, to launch distributed denial of service attacks or other coordinated attacks that may cause service outages, gain inappropriate or block legitimate access to systems or information, or result in other business interruptions has continued to increase. we utilize third-party service providers who have access to our systems and certain sensitive data, which exposes us to additional security risks, particularly given the complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection. while we and our third-party service providers have experienced cyber-attacks and attempted breaches of our and their information technology systems and networks or similar events from time to time, no such incidents have been, individually or in the aggregate, material to us. cyber incidents that impact the security, availability, reliability, speed, accuracy or other proper functioning of our systems, information and measures, including outages, computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions, could have a significant impact on our operations.
we have security processes, protocols and standards in place to protect our information systems, including through physical and software safeguards, as well as redundant systems, network security measures and backup systems.
nevertheless, it is difficult to fully protect against the possibility of power loss, telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks, and other cyber incidents in every potential circumstance that may arise. a significant cyber incident, including system failure, security breach, disruption by malware or ransomware, or other damage, could interrupt or delay our operations, damage our reputation and brand, cause a loss of customers, expose us to a risk of loss or litigation, result in regulatory scrutiny, investigations, actions, fines or penalties and/or cause us to incur significant time and expense to remedy such an event, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. furthermore, any failure to comply with data privacy, security or other laws and regulations, such as the california consumer privacy act and other similar laws that have been or are expected to be enacted in the united states, at both the federal and state level, could result in claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations. as cyber threats are continually evolving, our controls and procedures may become inadequate and we may be required to devote additional resources to modifying or enhancing our systems in the future. furthermore, while we maintain insurance intended to address costs associated with aspects of cyber incidents, network failures and data privacy-related concerns, our coverage may not sufficiently cover all types of losses or claims that may arise.
if we do not adapt to new technologies implemented by our competitors in the ltl and transportation industry, our business could suffer.
the ltl and transportation industry may be impacted by rapid changes in technologies. our competitors may implement new technology that could improve their service, price, available capacity or business relationships and increase their market share. if we do not appropriately adapt our operations to these new technologies, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may suffer.
failure to keep pace with developments in technology, any disruption to our technology infrastructure, or failures of essential services upon which our technology platforms rely could cause us to incur costs or result in a loss of business, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
13
we rely heavily on information technology systems. our information technology systems are complex and require ongoing investments and enhancements to meet both internal requirements and the requirements of our customers. if we are unable to invest in and enhance or modernize our technology systems in a timely manner or at a reasonable cost, or if we are unable to train our employees to operate the new, enhanced or modernized systems, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or new or modernized system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or adversely affect our results of operations.
our information technology systems also depend upon the internet, third-party service providers, global communications providers, satellite-based communications systems, the electric utilities grid, electric utility providers and telecommunications providers. we have minimal control over the operation, quality, or maintenance of these services or whether vendors will improve their services or continue to provide services that are essential to our business. disruptions due to transitional challenges in upgrading or enhancing our technology systems; failures in the services upon which our information technology platforms rely, including those that may arise from adverse weather conditions or natural calamities, including but not limited to storms, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes or tornadoes; illegal acts, including terrorist attacks; human error or systems modernization initiatives; and/or other disruptions, may adversely affect our business, which could increase our costs or result in a loss of customers that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
any disruption in the operational and technical services provided to us by third parties could adversely affect our business and subject us to liability.
we rely on third parties to provide us with operational and technical services, such as hosting of our cloud computing and storage needs. the services largely depend on the uninterrupted operation of data centers and the ability to protect computer equipment and information stored in these data centers against damage that may be caused by, among other things, natural disaster, fire, power loss, telecommunications or internet failure, acts of terrorism, and other similar damaging events. if any of such services were to become inoperable for an extended period, we might be unable to fulfill our contractual commitments. furthermore, these third parties may have access to information we maintain about our company, operations, customers, employees, vendors, or technology that are critical to or can significantly impact our business operations. our ability to monitor such third parties'
security measures is limited. any security incident involving such third parties could compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of, or result in the theft of, our, our customers', our employees', or our vendors' data and could negatively impact our operations. security processes, protocols and standards that we implement and contractual provisions requiring security measures that we impose on such third parties may not be sufficient or effective at preventing such events. unauthorized access to data and other confidential or proprietary information may be obtained through break-ins, network breaches by unauthorized parties, employee theft or misuse, or other misconduct. if any of the foregoing were to occur or to be perceived to occur, our reputation may suffer, our competitive position may be diminished, we could face lawsuits, regulatory investigation, fines, and potential liability, and our financial results could be negatively impacted.
risks related to legal and regulatory matters the fmcsa's csa initiative could adversely impact our ability to hire qualified drivers, meet our growth projections and maintain our customer relationships, each of which could adversely impact our results of operations.
the fmcsa's compliance, safety, accountability initiative ("csa") is an enforcement and compliance program designed to monitor and improve commercial motor vehicle safety by measuring the safety record of both the motor carrier and the driver. these measurements are scored and used by the fmcsa to identify potential safety risks and to direct enforcement action.
our csa scores are dependent upon our safety and compliance experience, which could change at any time. in addition, the safety standards prescribed in csa could change and our ability to maintain an acceptable score could be adversely impacted. public disclosure of certain csa scores was restricted through the enactment of the fixing america's surface transportation act of 2015 (the "fast act") on december 4, 2015; however, the fast act does not restrict public disclosure of all data collected by the fmcsa. the fmcsa is currently reviewing csa methodology to address deficiencies identified by the national academy of sciences, including the possibility of weak or negative correlation between current safety improvement categories and vehicle crash risk. nevertheless, if we receive unacceptable csa scores, and this data is made available to the public, our relationships with our customers could be damaged, which could result in a loss of business.
the requirements of the csa could also shrink the industry's pool of drivers, as those with unfavorable scores could leave the industry. as a result, the costs to attract, train and retain qualified drivers could increase. in addition, a shortage of qualified drivers could increase driver turnover, decrease asset utilization, limit growth and adversely impact our results of operations.
14
we operate in a highly regulated industry, and increased costs of compliance with, or liability for violation of, existing or future regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are regulated by the dot and by various state and federal agencies. these regulatory authorities have broad powers over matters relating to authorized motor carrier operations, as well as motor carrier registration, driver hours of service, safety and fitness of transportation equipment and drivers, transportation of hazardous materials, certain mergers and acquisitions and periodic financial reporting. the trucking industry is also subject to regulatory and legislative changes from a variety of other governmental authorities, which address matters such as increasingly stringent environmental regulations, occupational safety and health regulations, limits on vehicle weight and size, ergonomics, port security, and driver hours of service. we are also subject to the costs and potential adverse impact of compliance associated with fmcsa's eld regulations and guidance, including the operation of our fleet and safety management systems on the eld hardware and software platform. in addition, we are subject to compliance with cargo-security and transportation regulations issued by the tsa and cbp within the u.s.
department of homeland security. regulatory requirements and changes in regulatory requirements or guidance, together with the growing compliance risks presented by increased differences between applicable federal and state regulations, may affect our business or the economics of the industry by requiring changes in operating practices that could influence the demand for and increase the costs of providing transportation services.
we are subject to various environmental laws and regulations, and costs of compliance with, liabilities under, or violations of, existing or future environmental laws or regulations could adversely affect our business.
we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the disposal, emission and discharge of hazardous waste, hazardous materials, or other materials into the environment, their presence at our properties or in our vehicles, fuel storage tanks, the transportation of certain materials and the discharge or retention of storm water. under specific environmental laws, we could also be held responsible for any costs relating to contamination at our past or present facilities and at third-party waste disposal sites, as well as costs associated with the clean-up of accidents involving our vehicles. environmental laws have become and may continue to be increasingly more stringent over time, and there can be no assurance that our costs of complying with current or future environmental laws or liabilities arising under such laws will not have a material adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition.
we may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory, or market responses to climate change concerns.
increased concern over climate change and the potential impact of global warming has led to an increase in the consideration of greenhouse gas emissions regulation. due to increased consideration, there could be an increase in regulation from federal, state and local governments related to our carbon footprint, including with respect to vehicle engine and facility emissions. this increase in regulation could result in increased direct costs, such as taxes, fees, fuel, or capital costs, or changes to our operations in order to comply. there is also a focus from regulators and our customers on sustainability issues. this focus may result in new legislation or customer requirements, such as limits on vehicle weight and size or energy source. finally, given the increasing focus on esg matters by the investor community, if shareholders were to express dissatisfaction with our policies or efforts with respect to climate change, sustainability or similar matters, there could be a negative impact on our stock price, and we could also suffer reputational harm. costs and operational risks associated with future climate change concerns or environmental laws and regulations, sustainability requirements and related investor expectations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows.
healthcare legislation and other mandated benefits-related coverage may increase our costs for employee healthcare and benefits and reduce our future profitability.
to attract and retain employees, we maintain a competitive and comprehensive benefits plan for our employees and their dependents. we cannot predict the impact that any state or federal healthcare or mandated benefit legislation or regulation will have on our operations, but we expect costs associated with providing benefits under employee medical plans, paid sick and family leave programs and healthcare-related costs associated with workers'
compensation to continue to increase. rising employee benefits and healthcare costs in the u.s. could result in significant long-term costs to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. in addition, rising employee benefits and health-related costs could force us to make further changes to our benefits program, which could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain employees.
we are subject to the risks of legal proceedings and claims, governmental inquiries, notices and investigations which could adversely affect our business.
the nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various legal proceedings and claims related to labor and employment, personal injury, property damage, cargo claims, safety and contract compliance, environmental liability and other
15
matters. accordingly, we are, and in the future may be, subject to legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of our business, and may include collective and/or class action allegations. we have been, and in the future may again be, subject to potential governmental inquiries, notices or investigations, which also exposes us to the potential for various claims and legal proceedings. the parties in such actions may seek amounts from us that may not be covered in whole or in part by insurance. defending ourselves against such actions could result in significant costs and could require a substantial amount of time and effort by our management team. we cannot predict the outcome of legal proceedings and claims, governmental inquiries, notices or investigations to which we are a party or whether we will be subject to future legal actions. as a result, the potential costs associated with any such matters could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we are subject to legislative, regulatory, and legal developments involving taxes.
taxes are a significant part of our expenses. we are subject to u.s. federal and state income, payroll, property, sales and use, fuel, and other types of taxes. changes to tax laws and regulations or changes to the interpretation thereof, or the ambiguity of tax laws and regulations, the subjectivity of factual interpretations, higher tax rates, claims, audits, investigations or legal proceedings involving taxing authorities, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
risks related to owning our common stock the congdon family controls a large portion of our outstanding common stock.
david s. congdon, john r. congdon, jr. and their affiliate family members beneficially own an aggregate of approximately 18% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. as long as the congdon family controls a large portion of our voting stock, they may be able to significantly impact the outcome of all matters involving a shareholder vote. the congdon family's interests may differ from the interests of other shareholders and the status of their ownership could change.
there can be no assurance of our ability to declare and pay cash dividends in future periods.
we intend to pay a quarterly cash dividend to holders of our common stock for the foreseeable future; however, dividend payments are subject to approval by our board of directors, and are restricted by applicable state law limitations on distributions to shareholders as well as certain covenants under our revolving credit facility and our note purchase and private shelf agreement. as a result, future dividend payments are not guaranteed and will depend upon various factors such as our overall financial condition, available liquidity, anticipated cash needs, future prospects for earnings and cash flows, as well as other factors considered relevant by our board of directors. in addition, any reduction or suspension in our dividend payments could adversely affect the price of our common stock.
the amount and frequency of our stock repurchases may fluctuate.
the amount, timing and execution of our stock repurchase program may fluctuate based on our strategic approach and our priorities for the use of cash. other factors that may impact share repurchases include changes in stock price, profitability, capital structure, or cash flows. our revolving credit facility and our note purchase and private shelf agreement also include provisions that may limit our ability to make payments for share repurchases. we may also use cash for investing in strategic assets or dividend payments, instead of share repurchases.
the market value of our common stock has been and may in the future be volatile, and could be substantially affected by various factors.
the price of our common stock on the nasdaq global select market changes constantly. we expect that the market price of our common stock will continue to fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. these factors include, among others:
actual or anticipated variations in earnings, financial or operating performance or liquidity;
changes in analysts' recommendations or projections;
failure to meet analysts' projections;
general political, social, economic and capital market conditions;
announcements of developments related to our business;
16
operating and stock performance of other companies deemed to be peers;
actions by government regulators;
changes in key personnel;
investor sentiment with respect to our policies or efforts on esg matters;
fluctuations in trading volume, including substantial increases or decreases in reported holdings by significant shareholders;
expectations regarding our capital deployment program, including any existing or potential future share repurchase programs and any future dividend payments that may be declared by our board of directors, or any determination to cease repurchasing stock or paying dividends; and news reports of trends, concerns and other issues related to us or our industry, including changes in regulations.
our common stock price may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future, and these fluctuations may be unrelated to our performance. general market price declines or market volatility in the future could adversely affect the price of our common stock, and the current market price of our common stock may not be indicative of future market prices.
our articles of incorporation, our bylaws and virginia law contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in our control or our management.
provisions of our articles of incorporation, bylaws and the laws of virginia, the state in which we are incorporated, may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us or a change in management that shareholders may consider favorable. these provisions:
limit who may call a special meeting of shareholders;
require shareholder action by written consent to be unanimous;
establish advance notice and other substantive and procedural requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at shareholder meetings;
may make it difficult to merge with or otherwise absorb a virginia corporation acquired in a tender offer for the three years after the acquisition; and may make an unsolicited attempt to gain control of us more difficult by restricting the right of specified shareholders to vote newly acquired large blocks of stock.
item 1b. unresolved staff comments none.
item 2. properties we own our principal executive office located in thomasville, north carolina, and 231 of the 255 service centers we operated as of december 31, 2022. our facilities are strategically dispersed over the states in which we operate.
our owned service centers include most of our larger facilities and account for approximately 95% of the total door capacity in our network. at december 31, 2022, the terms of our leased properties ranged from month-to-month to a lease that expires in 2039.
we believe that all of our properties are in good repair and are capable of providing the level of service required by current business levels and customer demands. in addition, we believe we have sufficient capacity in our service center network to accommodate increased demand for our services.
17
item 3. legalproceedings we are involved in or addressing various legal proceedings and claims, governmental inquiries, notices and investigations that have arisen in the ordinary course of our business and have not been fully adjudicated, some of which may be covered in whole or in part by insurance. certain of these matters include collective and/or class-
action allegations. we do not believe that the resolution of any of these matters will have a material adverse effect upon our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
consistent with sec regulation s-k item 103, we have elected to disclose those environmental legal proceedings with a governmental authority if management reasonably believes that the proceedings may involve potential monetary sanctions of $1.0 million or more. applying this threshold, there are no such unresolved proceedings to disclose as of december 31, 2022.
item 4. mine safety disclosures not applicable.
18
partii item 5. market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities common stock information our common stock is traded on the nasdaq global select market ("nasdaq") under the symbol odfl. at february 16,
2023, there were 377,120 holders of our common stock, including 76 shareholders of record.
the following table provides information regarding our repurchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of
2022:
issuer purchases of equity                                total number of       approximate dollar securities                               shares purchased          value of shares total number of                                     as part of          that may yet be shares purchased       average price paid    publicly announced          purchased under
(1)                per share              programs             the programs

october 1-31,                   434,311    $              264.79               434,238    $         763,985,373
2022
november 1-30,                  295,748    $              287.26               295,675    $         679,050,187
2022
december 1-31,                       70    $              302.61                     -    $         679,050,187
2022
total                           730,129                                        729,913
total number of shares purchased during the quarter includes 216 shares of our common stock surrendered by a participant to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of equity awards issued under our
2016 stock incentive plan.
on july 28, 2021, we announced that our board of directors had approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to an aggregate of $2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock (the "2021 repurchase program"). the 2021 repurchase program, which does not have an expiration date, began after the completion of our prior repurchase program in january 2022. under our 2021 repurchase program, we may repurchase shares from time to time in open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions. shares of our common stock repurchased under our 2021 repurchase program are canceled at the time of repurchase and are classified as authorized but unissued shares of our common stock.
19
performance graph the following graph compares the total shareholder cumulative returns, assuming the reinvestment of all dividends, of $100 invested on december 31, 2017, in (i) our common stock, (ii) the s&p 500 total return index, and (iii) the dow jones transportation average, for the five-year period ended december 31, 2022.
cumulative total return
12/31/17       12/31/18       12/31/19       12/31/20       12/31/21       12/31/22

old dominion freight     $       100    $        94    $       145    $       225    $       415    $       330
line, inc.
s&p 500 total return     $       100    $        96    $       126    $       149    $       192    $       157
index dow jones transportation           $       100    $        88    $       106    $       123    $       164    $       136
average item 6.[reserved]
20
item 7. management's discussion and analysis offinancial condition and results of operations this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations generally discusses our
2022 and 2021 results and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. discussions of our 2020 results and year-
to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k can be found in
"management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021, which was filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 23, 2022.
overview we are one of the largest north american less-than-truckload ("ltl") motor carriers. we provide regional, inter-
regional and national ltl services through a single integrated, union-free organization. our service offerings, which include expedited transportation, are provided through an expansive network of service centers located throughout the continental united states. through strategic alliances, we also provide ltl services throughout north america. in addition to our core ltl services, we offer a range of value-added services including container drayage, truckload brokerage and supply chain consulting. more than 98% of our revenue has historically been derived from transporting ltl shipments for our customers, whose demand for our services is generally tied to industrial production and the overall health of the u.s. domestic economy.
in analyzing the components of our revenue, we monitor changes and trends in our ltl volumes and ltl revenue per hundredweight. while ltl revenue per hundredweight is a yield measurement, it is also a commonly-used indicator for general pricing trends in the ltl industry. this yield metric is not a true measure of price, however, as it can be influenced by many other factors, such as changes in fuel surcharges, weight per shipment and length of haul. as a result, changes in revenue per hundredweight do not necessarily indicate actual changes in underlying base rates.
ltl revenue per hundredweight and the key factors that can impact this metric are described in more detail below:
ltl revenue per hundredweight - our ltl transportation services are generally priced based on weight, commodity, and distance. this measurement reflects the application of our pricing policies to the services we provide, which are influenced by competitive market conditions and our growth objectives. generally, freight is rated by a class system, which is established by the national motor freight traffic association, inc. light, bulky freight typically has a higher class and is priced at higher revenue per hundredweight than dense, heavy freight. fuel surcharges, accessorial charges, revenue adjustments and revenue for undelivered freight are included in this measurement.
revenue for undelivered freight is deferred for financial statement purposes in accordance with our revenue recognition policy; however, we believe including it in our revenue per hundredweight metrics results in a more accurate representation of the underlying changes in our yields by matching total billed revenue with the corresponding weight of those shipments.
ltl weight per shipment - fluctuations in weight per shipment can indicate changes in the mix of freight we receive from our customers, as well as changes in the number of units included in a shipment. generally, increases in weight per shipment indicate higher demand for our customers' products and overall increased economic activity.
changes in weight per shipment can also be influenced by shifts between ltl and other modes of transportation, such as truckload and intermodal, in response to capacity, service and pricing issues. fluctuations in weight per shipment generally have an inverse effect on our revenue per hundredweight, as a decrease in weight per shipment will typically cause an increase in revenue per hundredweight.
average length of haul - we consider lengths of haul less than 500 miles to be regional traffic, lengths of haul between 500 miles and 1,000 miles to be inter-regional traffic, and lengths of haul in excess of 1,000 miles to be national traffic. this metric is used to analyze our tonnage and pricing trends for shipments with similar characteristics, and also allows for comparison with other transportation providers serving specific markets. by analyzing this metric, we can determine the success and growth potential of our service products in these markets.
changes in length of haul generally have a direct effect on our revenue per hundredweight, as an increase in length of haul will typically cause an increase in revenue per hundredweight.
ltl revenue per shipment - this measurement is primarily determined by the three metrics listed above and is used in conjunction with the number of ltl shipments we receive to evaluate ltl revenue.
21
our primary revenue focus is to increase density, which is shipment and tonnage growth within our existing infrastructure. increases in density allow us to maximize our asset utilization and labor productivity, which we measure over many different functional areas of our operations including linehaul load factor, pickup and delivery stops per hour, p&d shipments per hour, platform pounds handled per hour and platform shipments per hour. in addition to our focus on density and operating efficiencies, it is critical for us to obtain an appropriate yield, which is measured as revenue per hundredweight, on the shipments we handle to offset our cost inflation and support our ongoing investments in capacity and technology. we regularly monitor the components of our pricing, including base freight rates, accessorial charges and fuel surcharges. the fuel surcharge is generally designed to offset fluctuations in the cost of our petroleum-based products and is indexed to diesel fuel prices published by the u.s.
department of energy, which reset each week. we believe our yield management process focused on individual account profitability, and ongoing improvements in operating efficiencies, are both key components of our ability to produce profitable growth.
our primary cost elements are direct wages and benefits associated with the movement of freight, operating supplies and expenses, which include diesel fuel, and depreciation of our equipment fleet and service center facilities. we gauge our overallsuccess in managing costs by monitoring our operating ratio, a measure of profitability calculated by dividing total operating expenses by revenue, which also allows for industry-wide comparisons with our competition.
we regularly upgrade our technological capabilities to improve our customer service and lower our operating costs.
our technology provides our customers with visibility of their shipments throughout our network, increases the productivity of our workforce, and provides key metrics that we use to monitor and enhance our processes.
results of operations the following table sets forth, for the years indicated, expenses and other items as a percentage of revenue from operations:
2022        2021
revenue from operations            100.0  %    100.0  %
operating expenses:
salaries, wages and benefits        43.4        47.0
operating supplies and expenses     13.6        10.8
general supplies and expenses        2.6         2.6
operating taxes and licenses         2.3         2.5
insurance and claims                 0.9         1.0
communication and utilities          0.6         0.7
depreciation and amortization        4.5         4.9
purchased transportation             2.5         3.5
miscellaneous expenses, net          0.2         0.5
total operating expenses            70.6        73.5
operating income                    29.4        26.5
interest (income) expense, net      (0.1  )      0.0
other expense, net                   0.1         0.1
income before income taxes          29.4        26.4
provision for income taxes           7.4         6.7
net income                          22.0  %     19.7  %
22
key financial and operating metrics for 2022 and 2021 are presented below:
2022               2021             change       % change work days                                      253                252                  1            0.4

revenue (in thousands)                $  6,260,077       $  5,256,328       $  1,003,749           19.1
operating ratio                               70.6  %            73.5  %
net income (in thousands)             $  1,377,159       $  1,034,375       $    342,784           33.1
diluted earnings per share            $      12.18       $       8.89       $       3.29           37.0
ltl tons (in thousands)                     10,211             10,119                 92            0.9
ltl tonnage per day                         40,359             40,153                206            0.5
ltl shipments (in thousands)                12,989             12,880                109            0.8
ltl shipments per day                       51,341             51,111                230            0.5
ltl weight per shipment (lbs.)               1,572              1,571                  1            0.1
ltl revenue per hundredweight         $      30.24       $      25.59       $       4.65           18.2
ltl revenue per shipment              $     475.45       $     402.01       $      73.44           18.3
ltl revenue per intercity mile        $       8.28       $       7.32       $       0.96           13.1
ltl intercity miles (in thousands)         746,028            707,611             38,417            5.4
average length of haul (miles)                 934                935                 (1  )        (0.1  )
our financial results for 2022 included double-digit growth in our revenue, net income and earnings per diluted share. the 19.1% increase in revenue to $6.3 billion was due primarily to the increase in ltl revenue per hundredweight as ltl tons increased 0.9%. the increase in revenue and our disciplined control of our operating costs contributed to a 290 basis-point improvement in our operating ratio to 70.6% for 2022 as compared to 73.5%
for 2021. as a result, net income and earnings per diluted share increased by 33.1% and 37.0%, respectively, in
2022 as compared to 2021.
revenue revenue increased $1.0 billion, or 19.1%, in 2022 compared to 2021, due to an increase in ltl revenue per hundredweight and a slight increase in ltl tonnage. our ltl revenue per hundredweight increased 18.2% in 2022
compared to 2021. this increase reflects the impact of higher fuel surcharges associated with the significant increase in diesel fuel prices as well as the ongoing commitment to our long-term yield management strategy.
excluding fuel surcharges, ltl revenue per hundredweight increased 8.5% in 2022 as compared to 2021. we believe our focus on obtaining an appropriate yield is necessary to offset rising operating costs and also allows us to invest in opportunities that can improve the quality of our service and provide capacity for future growth.
january 2023 update revenue per day increased 4.2% in january 2023 compared to the same month last year. ltl tons per day decreased
7.8%, due to a 5.9% decrease in ltl shipments per day and a 2.0% decrease in ltl weight per shipment. ltl revenue per hundredweight increased 13.1% as compared to the same month last year. ltl revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharges, increased 8.6% as compared to the same month last year.
operating costs and other expenses salaries, wages, and benefits increased $248.9 million, or 10.1%, in 2022 as compared to 2021, due to a $188.5
million increase in the costs attributable to salaries and wages and a $60.4 million increase in employee benefit costs. the increase in salaries and wages was due primarily to increases in the average number of active full-time employees during the year. our average number of active full-time employees increased 2,291, or 10.4%, during 2022
as compared to 2021 as we hired additional employees primarily during the first half of the year to balance our workforce with our customers' shipment trends and reduce our reliance on third-party purchased transportation.
salaries and wages also increased as a result of annual wage increases provided to our employees at the beginning of both september 2021 and 2022, as well as higher performance-based bonus compensation.
our productive labor costs, which include wages for drivers, platform employees, and fleet technicians, improved as a percent of revenue to 22.9% in 2022 compared to 25.1% in 2021. the improvements in our productive labor costs, as a percentage of revenue, reflect the leveraging effect of increases in our yield as well as our ongoing commitment to operating efficiently. our productive labor costs as a percentage of revenue were also impacted by declines in our p&d shipments per hour and linehaul laden load average as we trained our new employees. our other salaries and wages as a percent of revenue also decreased to 9.0% in 2022 as compared to 9.3% in 2021.
23
the increase in the costs attributable to employee benefits of $60.4 million, or 9.1%, includes the impact of the increase in the number of full-time employees eligible for our benefits and increases in certain higher retirement benefits costs directly linked to our net income. in addition, our benefit costs were positively impacted by a reduction in accrued benefits expense attributable to the termination of an employment agreement during the third quarter of 2022. our employee benefit costs as a percent of salaries and wages decreased to 36.2% in 2022 from
36.6% in 2021.
operating supplies and expenses increased $285.3 million, or 50.3%, in 2022 as compared to 2021, due primarily to an increase in our costs for diesel fuel used in our vehicles, as well as other petroleum-based products. our diesel fuel costs, excluding fuel taxes, represent the largest component of operating supplies and expenses, and can vary based on both the average price per gallon and consumption. our average cost per gallon of diesel fuel increased 68.2% in 2022 as compared to 2021. in addition, our gallons consumed increased 4.1% in 2022 as compared to 2021 year due to an increase in miles driven. we do not use diesel fuel hedging instruments; therefore, our costs are subject to market price fluctuations. our other operating supplies and expenses as a percent of revenue increased in 2022 as compared to the same periods of 2021, due to increases in equipment repair and maintenance costs.
depreciation and amortization increased $16.2 million, or 6.2%, in 2022 as compared to 2021. the increases in depreciation and amortization costs were due primarily to the assets acquired as part of our 2021 and 2022 capital expenditure programs. we believe depreciation costs will increase in future periods based on our 2023 capital expenditure plan. while our investments in real estate, equipment, and technology can increase our costs in the short-term, we believe these investments are necessary to support our continued long-term growth and strategic initiatives.
purchased transportation expense decreased $27.7 million, or 14.9%, in 2022 as compared to 2021. we utilize purchased transportation services from third-party transportation providers in our domestic linehaul network to supplement our equipment and our workforce when needed to support our growth initiatives and to maximize the efficient movement of ltl freight within our service center network. our significant investments in workforce and equipment enabled us to reduce our use of purchased transportation beginning in the second quarter of 2022.
our effective tax rate in 2022 was 25.2% as compared to 25.5% in 2021. our effective tax rate generally exceeds the federal statutory rate due to the impact of state taxes and, to a lesser extent, certain other non-deductible items.
liquidity and capital resources a summary of our cash flows is presented below:
(in thousands)                                       2022               2021

cash and cash equivalents at beginning      $     462,564       $    401,430
of year cash flows provided by (used in):
operating activities                            1,691,582          1,212,606
investing activities                             (547,472  )        (455,288  )
financing activities                           (1,420,362  )        (696,184  )
(decrease) increase in cash and cash             (276,252  )          61,134
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of year    $     186,312       $    462,564
the increase in our cash flows provided by operating activities during 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to an increase in our income before income taxes of $452.9 million and fluctuations in certain working capital accounts.
the increase in our cash flows used in investing activities during 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to increases in property and equipment purchases under our capital expenditure plan, which was partially offset by the timing of purchases and maturities of short-term investments. changes in our capital expenditure plans are more fully described below under "capital expenditures".
the increase in our cash flows used in financing activities during 2022 as compared to 2021 was due primarily to higher repurchases of our common stock, as well as an increase in dividend payments to our shareholders. our return of capital to shareholders is more fully described below under "stock repurchase program" and "dividends to shareholders".
we have five primary sources of available liquidity: cash flows from operations, our existing cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, available borrowings under our second amended and restated credit agreement with wells fargo bank, national association serving as administrative agent for the lenders, which we entered into on november 21, 2019 (the "credit agreement"),
24
and our note purchase and private shelf agreement with pgim, inc. ("prudential") and certain affiliates and managed accounts of prudential, which we entered into on may 4, 2020 (the "note agreement"). our credit agreement and note agreement are described in more detail below under "financing arrangements." we believe we also have sufficient access to debt and equity markets to provide other sources of liquidity, if needed.
capital expenditures the table below sets forth our net capital expenditures for property and equipment, including those obtained through noncash transactions, for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                      2022             2021

land and structures           $                  299,529       $  252,155
tractors                                         148,719          130,772
trailers                                         216,697          140,595
technology                                        33,783           17,139
other equipment and assets                        68,920           25,450
less: proceeds from sales                        (22,096  )       (19,548  )
total                         $                  745,552       $  546,563
our capital expenditures vary based upon the projected increase in the number and size of our service center facilities necessary to support our plan for long-term growth, our planned tractor and trailer replacement cycle, and forecasted tonnage and shipment growth. expenditures for land and structures can be dependent upon the availability of land in the geographic areas where we are looking to expand. we historically spend 10% to 15% of our revenue on capital expenditures each year. we expect to continue to maintain a high level of capital expenditures in order to support our long-term plan for market share growth.
we currently estimate capital expenditures will be approximately $800 million for the year ending december 31,
2023. approximately $300 million is allocated for the purchase of service center facilities, construction of new service center facilities or expansion of existing service center facilities, subject to the availability of suitable real estate and the timing of construction projects; approximately $400 million is allocated for the purchase of tractors and trailers; and approximately $100 million is allocated for investments in technology and other assets. we expect to fund these capital expenditures primarily through cash flows from operations, our existing cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and, if needed, borrowings available under our credit agreement or note agreement. we believe our current sources of liquidity will be sufficient to satisfy our expected capital expenditures for the next twelve months and in the longer term.
stock repurchase program on may 1, 2020, we announced that our board of directors had approved a two-year stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to an aggregate of $700.0 million of our outstanding common stock (the "2020
repurchase program"). the 2020 repurchase program became effective upon the termination of our $350.0 million repurchase program on may 29, 2020. on july 28, 2021, we announced that our board of directors had approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to an aggregate of $2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock (the "2021 repurchase program"). the 2021 repurchase program, which does not have an expiration date, began after the completion of the 2020 repurchase program in january 2022.
under our repurchase programs, we may repurchase shares from time to time in open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions. shares of our common stock repurchased under our repurchase programs are canceled at the time of repurchase and are classified as authorized but unissued shares of our common stock.
as of december 31, 2022, we had $679.1 million remaining authorized under the 2021 repurchase program.
dividends to shareholders our board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.30 per share for each quarter of 2022 and declared a cash dividend of $0.20 per share for each quarter of 2021.
on february 1, 2023, we announced that our board of directors had declared a cash dividend of $0.40 per share of our common stock. the dividend is payable on march 15, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on march 1, 2023. although we intend to pay a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock for the foreseeable future, the declaration and amount of any future dividend is subject to approval by our board of directors, and is restricted by applicable state law limitations on distributions to
25
shareholders as well as certain covenants under our credit agreement and note agreement. we anticipate that any future quarterly cash dividends will be funded through cash flows from operations, our existing cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and, if needed, borrowings under our credit agreement or note agreement.
financing agreements note agreement the note agreement, which is uncommitted and subject to prudential's sole discretion, provides for the issuance of senior promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of up to $350.0 million through may 4, 2023. pursuant to the note agreement, we issued $100.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior promissory notes (the "series b notes") on may 4, 2020. borrowing availability under the note agreement is reduced by the outstanding amount of the existing series b notes, and all other senior promissory notes issued pursuant to the note agreement.
the series b notes bear an annual interest rate of 3.10% and mature on may 4, 2027, unless prepaid. principal payments are required annually beginning on may 4, 2023 in equal installments of $20.0 million through may 4, 2027.
the series b notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank pari passu with borrowings under our credit agreement or other senior promissory notes issued pursuant to the note agreement.
credit agreement the credit agreement provides for a five-year, $250.0 million senior unsecured revolving line of credit and a
$150.0 million accordion feature, which if fully exercised and approved, would expand the total borrowing capacity up to an aggregate of $400.0 million. of the $250.0 million line of credit commitments under the credit agreement, up to $100.0 million may be used for letters of credit.
at our option, borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at either: (i) libor (including applicable successor provisions) plus an applicable margin (based on our ratio of net debt-to-total capitalization) that ranges from 1.000% to 1.375%; or (ii) a base rate, as defined in the credit agreement, plus an applicable margin
(based on our ratio of net debt-to-total capitalization) that ranges from 0.000% to 0.375%. letter of credit fees equal to the applicable margin for libor loans are charged quarterly in arrears on the daily average aggregate stated amount of all letters of credit outstanding during the quarter. commitment fees ranging from 0.100% to
0.175% (based upon the ratio of net debt-to-total capitalization) are charged quarterly in arrears on the aggregate unutilized portion of the credit agreement.
for periods covered under the credit agreement, the applicable margin on libor loans and letter of credit fees were
1.000% and commitment fees were 0.100%.
the amounts outstanding and available borrowing capacity under the credit agreement are presented below:
december 31,
(in thousands)                              2022             2021

facility limit                   $       250,000       $  250,000
line of credit borrowings                      -                -
outstanding letters of credit            (38,653  )       (39,169  )
available borrowing capacity     $       211,347       $  210,831
general debt provisions the credit agreement and note agreement contain customary covenants, including financial covenants that require us to observe a maximum ratio of debt to total capital and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. the credit agreement and note agreement also include a provision limiting our ability to make restricted payments, including dividends and payments for share repurchases, unless, among other conditions, no defaults or events of default are ongoing
(or would be caused by such restricted payment). we were in compliance with all covenants in our outstanding debt instruments for the period ended december 31, 2022.
we do not anticipate financial performance that would cause us to violate any such covenants in the future, and we believe the combination of our existing credit agreement and note agreement along with our additional borrowing capacity will be sufficient to meet foreseeable seasonal and long-term capital needs.
26
the interest rate is fixed on the note agreement. therefore, short-term exposure to fluctuations in interest rates is limited to our credit agreement. we do not currently use interest rate derivative instruments to manage exposure to interest rate changes.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2022:
contractual                     payments due by obligations (1)                          period       less than                                       more than
(in thousands)                            total          1 year       1-3 years       3-5 years         5 years

series b notes         $                107,254    $     22,691    $     43,522    $     41,041    $          -
operating lease                         120,300          21,243          29,234          25,262          44,561
obligations (2)
purchase obligations and                         186,680         160,776          22,151           3,753
other total                  $                414,234    $    204,710    $     94,907    $     70,056    $     44,561
contractual obligations include principal and interest on our series b notes; leases consisting primarily of real estate and automotive leases; and purchase obligations relating to non-cancellable purchase orders for (i)
equipment scheduled for delivery in 2023, and (ii) information technology agreements.
lease payments include lease extensions that are reasonably certain to be exercised.
critical accounting policies in preparing our financial statements, we apply the following critical accounting policies that we believe affect our judgments and estimates of amounts recorded in certain assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. these critical accounting policies, which are those that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations, are further described in note 1 of the notes to the financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
revenue recognition our revenue is generated from providing transportation and related services to customers in accordance with the bill of lading ("bol") contract, our general tariff provisions and contractual agreements. generally, our performance obligations begin when we receive a bol from a customer and are satisfied when we complete the delivery of a shipment and related services. we recognize revenue for our performance obligations under our customer contracts over time, as our customers receive the benefits of our services in accordance with accounting standards update ("asu") 2014-09. with respect to services not completed at the end of a reporting period, we use a percentage of completion method to allocate the appropriate revenue to each separate reporting period. under this method, we develop a factor for each uncompleted shipment by dividing the actual number of days in transit at the end of a reporting period by that shipment's standard delivery time schedule. this factor is applied to the total revenue for that shipment and revenue is allocated between reporting periods accordingly. a hypothetical change of
10% in our percentage of completion estimate would not have a material effect on our recorded revenue.
property and equipment property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated economic lives. we use historical experience, certain assumptions and estimates in determining the economic life of each asset. when indicators of impairment exist, we review property and equipment for impairment due to changes in operational and market conditions, and we adjust the carrying value and economic life of any impaired asset as appropriate.
estimated economic lives for structures are 7 to 30 years, revenue equipment is 4 to 15 years, other equipment is 2
to 20 years, and leasehold improvements are the lesser of the economic life of the leasehold improvement or the remaining life of the lease. the use of different assumptions, estimates or significant changes in the resale market for our equipment could result in material changes in the carrying value and related depreciation of our assets. depreciation expense in 2022 totaled $275.6 million. a hypothetical change of 1% in the estimated useful lives of all depreciable assets would not have a material impact on our financial results.
27
claims and insurance accruals claims and insurance accruals reflect the estimated cost of various claims, including those related to bodily injury/property damage ("bipd") and workers' compensation. all related costs associated with bipd claims are charged to insurance and claims expense, and all related costs associated with workers' compensation claims are charged to employee benefits expense.
insurers providing excess coverage above a company's self-insured retention or deductible levels typically adjust their premiums to cover insured losses and for other market factors. as a result, we periodically evaluate our self-insured retention and deductible levels to determine the most cost-efficient balance between our exposure and excess coverage.
in establishing accruals for claims and expenses, we evaluate and monitor each claim individually, and we use factors such as historical claims development experience, known trends and third-party actuarial estimates to determine the appropriate reserves for potential liabilities. we believe the assumptions and methods used to estimate these liabilities are reasonable; however, any changes in the severity or number of reported claims, significant changes in medical costs and regulatory changes affecting the administration of our plans could significantly impact the determination of appropriate reserves in future periods. our accrued liability for insurance, bipd claims, and workers' compensation claims totaled $129.6 million and $126.4 million at december 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. claims and insurance accruals are discussed further in note 1 of the notes to the financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
inflation most of our expenses are affected by inflation, which typically results in increased operating costs. in response to fluctuations in the cost of petroleum products, particularly diesel fuel, we generally include a fuel surcharge in our tariffs and contractual agreements. the fuel surcharge is designed to offset the cost of diesel fuel above a base price and fluctuates as diesel fuel prices change from the base, which is generally indexed to the doe's published fuel prices that reset each week. volatility in the price of diesel fuel has impacted our business, as described in this report. however, we do not believe inflation has had a material adverse effect on our results of operations for any of the past three years.
related party transactions family relationships in august 2022, we entered into an agreement with david s. congdon, executive chairman of our board of directors, to terminate the employment agreement between the company and mr. congdon. following termination of the employment agreement, mr. congdon remained an executive officer of the company and continued to serve as executive chairman of our board of directors. john r. congdon, jr., a member of our board of directors, is the cousin of david s.
congdon. we regularly disclose the amount of compensation that we pay to these individuals, as well as the compensation paid to any of their family members employed by us that from time to time may require disclosure, in the proxy statement for our annual meeting of shareholders.
audit committee approval the audit committee of our board of directors reviews and approves all related person transactions in accordance with our related person transactions policy.
item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates.
we are exposed to interest rate risk directly related to loans, if any, under our credit agreement, which have variable interest rates. a 100 basis point increase in the average interest rate on this agreement would have no material effect on our operating results. we have established policies and procedures to manage exposure to market risks and use major institutions that we believe are creditworthy to minimize credit risk.
we are also exposed to interest rate risk on our short-term investments. we maintain an investment portfolio principally composed of certificates of deposit and commercial paper. these investments totaled $49.4 million and
$254.4 million at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. these fixed rate securities are subject to interest rate risk, as sharp increases in market interest rates
28
could have an adverse impact on their fair value. although the fair values of these instruments can fluctuate, we believe that the short-term, highly liquid nature of these debt securities, and our ability to hold these instruments to maturity, reduces our risk for potential material losses. a hypothetical 100 basis point change in market interest rates would have had an immaterial impact on the fair value of these investments at december 31,
2022 and 2021.
we are exposed to market risk for investments relating to certain assets held within the company-owned life insurance contracts on certain current and former employees. the cash surrender value in life insurance contracts included on our balance sheets at december 31, 2022 and 2021 was $63.5 million and $75.2 million, respectively. the portion of underlying investments with exposure to market fluctuations was $45.9 million and $59.9 million at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. to provide a meaningful assessment of the market risk for investments relating to company-owned life insurance contracts, we performed a sensitivity analysis using a 10% change in market value in those investments. a 10% change in market value would have caused a $4.6 million and a $6.0 million impact on our pre-tax income in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
we are also exposed to commodity price risk related to diesel fuel prices, and we manage our exposure to that risk primarily through the application of fuel surcharges to our customers.
for further discussion related to these risks, see notes 1, 2 and 9 of the notes to the financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
29
item 8. financial statements and supplementary data old dominion freight line, inc.
balancesheets
(in thousands, except share and per share data)
assets                                                december 31, current assets:                                               2022                2021

cash and cash equivalents                          $       186,312       $     462,564
short-term investments                                      49,355             254,433
customer receivables, less allowances of                   578,648             567,474
$10,689 and $9,855, respectively income taxes receivable                                     12,738              19,218
other receivables                                           13,743              12,410
prepaid expenses and other current                          92,944              67,688
assets total current assets                                       933,740           1,383,787
property and equipment:
revenue equipment                                        2,501,995           2,146,205
land and structures                                      2,750,100           2,463,949
other fixed assets                                         550,442             512,340
leasehold improvements                                      13,516              13,131
total property and equipment                             5,816,053           5,135,625
less: accumulated depreciation                          (2,128,985  )       (1,919,939  )
net property and equipment                               3,687,068           3,215,686
other assets                                               217,802             222,071
total assets                                       $     4,838,610       $   4,821,544
liabilities and shareholders' equity current liabilities:
accounts payable                                   $       106,275       $      82,519
compensation and benefits                                  288,278             257,905
claims and insurance accruals                               63,307              61,822
other accrued liabilities                                   51,933              61,988
current maturities of long-term debt                        20,000                   -
total current liabilities                                  529,793             464,234
long-term debt                                              79,963              99,947
other non-current liabilities                              265,422             328,838
deferred income taxes                                      310,515             248,718
total long-term liabilities                                655,900             677,503
total liabilities                                        1,185,693           1,141,737
commitments and contingent liabilities shareholders' equity common stock - $0.10 par value,
280,000,000 shares authorized,
110,222,819 and 115,011,172 shares                          11,022              11,501
outstanding at december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, respectively.
capital in excess of par value                             244,590             174,445
retained earnings                                        3,397,305           3,493,861
total shareholders' equity                               3,652,917           3,679,807
total liabilities and shareholders'                $     4,838,610       $   4,821,544
equity the accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
30
old dominion freight line, inc.
statements of operations
(in thousands, except share and per        year ended december 31, share data)                                                   2022                 2021                 2020

revenue from operations                 $                6,260,077       $    5,256,328       $    4,015,129
operating expenses:
salaries, wages and benefits                             2,716,835            2,467,985            2,053,894
operating supplies and expenses                            852,955              567,615              373,431
general supplies and expenses                              159,998              136,059              110,279
operating taxes and licenses                               141,239              133,452              116,943
insurance and claims                                        58,301               53,549               42,364
communications and utilities                                40,584               34,149               31,542
depreciation and amortization                              276,050              259,883              261,259
purchased transportation                                   158,111              185,785               97,947
miscellaneous expenses, net                                 15,372               26,249               20,588
total operating expenses                                 4,419,445            3,864,726            3,108,247
operating income                                         1,840,632            1,391,602              906,882
non-operating (income) expense:
interest expense                                             1,563                1,727                2,782
interest income                                             (4,884  )              (786  )            (1,830  )
other expense, net                                           2,604                2,238                4,566
total non-operating (income) expense                          (717  )             3,179                5,518
income before income taxes                               1,841,349            1,388,423              901,364
provision for income taxes                                 464,190              354,048              228,682
net income                              $                1,377,159       $    1,034,375       $      672,682
earnings per share:
basic                                   $                    12.26       $         8.94       $         5.71
diluted                                 $                    12.18       $         8.89       $         5.68
weighted average shares outstanding:
basic                                                  112,340,791          115,651,411          117,737,180
diluted                                                113,077,820          116,409,989          118,493,203
dividends declared per share            $                     1.20       $         0.80       $         0.60
the accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
31
old dominion freight line, inc.
statements of changes in shareholders' equity capital in common stock                           excess of            retained
(in thousands)            shares          amount           par value            earnings               total

balance as of december 31,             119,533       $  11,953       $     218,462       $   2,850,302       $   3,080,717
2019
net income                     -               -                   -             672,682             672,682
share                     (2,508  )         (250  )                -            (363,807  )         (364,057  )
repurchases cash dividends                 -               -                   -             (71,046  )          (71,046  )
declared cash paid for fractional                    (5  )           (1  )             (611  )                -                (612  )
shares share-based compensation and share issuances,              57               6              11,331                   -              11,337
net of forfeitures taxes paid in exchange for                 (19  )           (2  )           (2,731  )                -              (2,733  )
shares withheld balance as of december 31,             117,058          11,706             226,451           3,088,131           3,326,288
2020
net income                     -               -                   -           1,034,375           1,034,375
share                     (2,083  )         (209  )                -            (536,256  )         (536,465  )
repurchases forward contract for 2021
accelerated                    -               -             (62,500  )                -             (62,500  )
share repurchases cash dividends                 -               -                   -             (92,389  )          (92,389  )
declared share-based compensation and share issuances,              57               6              15,033                   -              15,039
net of forfeitures taxes paid in exchange for                 (21  )           (2  )           (4,539  )                -              (4,541  )
shares withheld balance as of december 31,             115,011          11,501             174,445           3,493,861           3,679,807
2021
net income                     -               -                   -           1,377,159           1,377,159
share repurchases, including settlements               (4,815  )         (482  )                -          (1,276,737  )       (1,277,219  )
under accelerated share repurchase programs forward contract for accelerated share                          -               -              62,500             (62,500  )                -
repurchases settled in 2022
cash dividends                 -               -                   -            (134,478  )         (134,478  )
declared share-based compensation and share issuances,              55               6              15,887                   -              15,893
net of forfeitures taxes paid in exchange for                 (28  )           (3  )           (8,242  )                -              (8,245  )
shares withheld balance as of december 31,             110,223       $  11,022       $     244,590       $   3,397,305       $   3,652,917
2022
the accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
32
old dominion freight line, inc.
statements of cash flows year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                                     2022               2021              2020

cash flows from operating activities:
net income                                   $                1,377,159       $  1,034,375       $   672,682
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
depreciation and amortization                                   276,066            259,899           261,267
noncash lease expense                                            16,658             14,890            11,963
(gain) loss on disposal of property and                          (3,425  )            (563  )            736
equipment deferred income taxes                                            62,008             30,165           (41,011  )
share-based compensation                                         15,893             15,039            11,337
changes in assets and liabilities:
customer and other receivables, net                             (13,009  )        (125,562  )        (49,045  )
prepaid expenses and other assets                               (24,714  )         (38,387  )         (1,722  )
accounts payable                                                 23,756             14,008            (1,743  )
compensation, benefits and other accrued                        (11,202  )          32,437            72,928
liabilities claims and insurance accruals                                     5,464             10,963            (1,459  )
income taxes, net                                                 6,480            (27,929  )          8,750
other liabilities                                               (39,552  )          (6,729  )        (11,659  )
net cash provided by operating                                1,691,582          1,212,606           933,024
activities cash flows from investing activities:
purchase of property and equipment                             (775,148  )        (550,077  )       (225,081  )
proceeds from sale of property and                               22,096             19,548             3,690
equipment purchase of short-term investments                             (163,720  )        (359,389  )       (360,160  )
proceeds from maturities of short-term                          369,300            435,130            29,988
investments other investing activities, net                                       -               (500  )           (100  )
net cash used in investing activities                          (547,472  )        (455,288  )       (551,663  )
cash flows from financing activities:
proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                              -                  -            99,923
principal payments under debt agreements                              -                  -           (45,000  )
dividends paid                                                 (134,484  )         (92,366  )        (71,023  )
payments for share repurchases                               (1,277,219  )        (536,465  )       (364,057  )
forward contract for accelerated share                                -            (62,500  )              -
repurchases other financing activities, net                                  (8,659  )          (4,853  )         (3,345  )
net cash used in financing activities                        (1,420,362  )        (696,184  )       (383,502  )
(decrease) increase in cash and cash                           (276,252  )          61,134            (2,141  )
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at beginning                          462,564            401,430           403,571
of year cash and cash equivalents at end of year     $                  186,312       $    462,564       $   401,430
income taxes paid                            $                  396,510       $    352,826       $   266,506
interest paid                                $                    3,953       $      4,232       $     5,686
capitalized interest                         $                    3,260       $      2,655       $     2,473
supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities:
noncash purchases of property                $                        -       $     16,034       $         -
the accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
33
old dominion freight line, inc.
notes to the financial statements note 1. significant accounting policies business we are one of the largest north american less-than-truckload ("ltl") motor carriers. we provide regional, inter-
regional and national ltl services through a single integrated, union-free organization. our service offerings, which include expedited transportation, are provided through an expansive network of service centers located throughout the continental united states. through strategic alliances, we also provide ltl services throughout north america. in addition to our core ltl services, we offer a range of value-added services including container drayage, truckload brokerage and supply chain consulting.
we haveoneoperating segment andnosingle customer exceeds 6% of our revenue.the composition of our revenue is summarized below:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                          2022            2021            2020

ltl services      $                6,177,055    $  5,177,497    $  3,961,054
other services                        83,022          78,831          54,075
total revenue     $                6,260,077    $  5,256,328    $  4,015,129
basis of presentation the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ from those estimates. certain amounts in prior years have been reclassified to conform prior years' financial statements to the current presentation. unless the context requires otherwise, references in these notes to "old dominion," the "company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to old dominion freight line, inc.
revenue and expense recognition we recognize revenue based upon when our transportation and related services have been completed in accordance with the bill of lading ("bol") contract, our general tariff provisions and contractual agreements with our customers. generally, our performance obligations begin when we receive a bol from a customer and are satisfied when we complete the delivery of a shipment and related services. we recognize revenue for our performance obligations under our customer contracts over time, as our customers receive the benefits of our services in accordance with accounting standards update ("asu") 2014-09. with respect to services not completed at the end of a reporting period, we use a percentage of completion method to allocate the appropriate revenue to each separate reporting period. under this method, we develop a factor for each uncompleted shipment by dividing the actual number of days in transit at the end of a reporting period by that shipment's standard delivery time schedule. this factor is applied to the total revenue for that shipment and revenue is allocated between reporting periods accordingly. payment terms vary by customer and are short-term in nature. expenses are recognized when incurred.
allowances for uncollectible accounts and revenue adjustments we maintain an allowance for uncollectible accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. we estimate this allowance by analyzing the aging of our customer receivables, our historical loss experience and other trends and factors affecting the credit risk of our customers, including anticipated changes to future performance. write-offs occur when we determine an account to be uncollectible and could differ from our allowance estimate as a result of factors such as changes in the overall economic environment or risks surrounding our customers. additional allowances may be required if the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments. we periodically 34 old dominion freight line, inc. notes to the financial statements (continued) review the underlying assumptions in our estimate of the allowance for uncollectible accounts to ensure that the allowance reflects the most recent trends and factors. we also maintain an allowance for estimated revenue adjustments resulting from future billing corrections, customer allowances, money-back service guarantees and other miscellaneous revenue adjustments. these revenue adjustments are recorded in our revenue from operations. we use historical experience, trends and current information to update and evaluate these estimates.
credit risk financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of customer receivables. we perform initial and ongoing credit evaluations of our customers to minimize credit risk. we generally do not require collateral but may require prepayment of our services under certain circumstances. credit risk is generally diversified due to the large number of entities comprising our customer base and their dispersion across many different industries and geographic regions.
cash and cash equivalents we consider cash on hand and deposits in banks along with certificates of deposit and short-term marketable securities with original maturities of three months or less as cash and cash equivalents.
short-term investments the company's investments in certificates of deposit and commercial paper with an original maturity of greater than three months have been classified and accounted for as trading securities, and are reported in "short-term investments" on our balance sheets. these investments are measured at fair value each reporting period, with gains or losses recorded in "non-operating (income) expense" on our statements of operations.
property and equipment property and equipment are stated at cost. major additions and improvements are capitalized, while maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the lives of the respective assets are charged to expense as incurred. we capitalize the cost of tires mounted on purchased revenue equipment as a part of the total equipment cost.
subsequent replacement tires are expensed at the time those tires are placed in service. we assess the realizable value of our long-lived assets and evaluate such assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
depreciation of property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets.the following table provides the estimated useful lives by asset type:
structures                7 to 30 years revenue equipment         4 to 15 years other equipment           2 to 20 years leasehold improvements    lesser of economic life or life of lease depreciation expense was $275.6million, $259.5million and $261.3million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
claims and insurance accruals we carry a significant amount of insurance with third-party insurance carriers that provides various levels of protection for our risk exposure, including protection in the areas of property, casualty, cyber, management, and group health, with coverage limits and retention and deductible levels that we believe are reasonable given historical claim activity and severity. we believe that our policy of maintaining self-insured retentions or deductibles under these various insurance programs for a portion of our risks, supported by our safety, claims management and loss prevention programs, is an effective means of managing insurance costs.
we periodically review our risk exposure and insurance coverage applicable to those risks and believe that we maintain sufficient insurance coverage. 35 old dominion freight line, inc. notes to the financial statements
(continued) claims and insurance accruals reflect the company's estimated cost of claims for cargo loss and damage, bipd, workers' compensation, group health and group dental. these accruals include amounts for future claims development and claims incurred but not reported, which are primarily based on historical claims development experience. the related cost for cargo loss and damage and bipd is charged to "insurance and claims" on our statements of operations, while the related costs for workers' compensation, group health and group dental are charged to "salaries, wages and benefits" on our statements of operations. our liability for claims and insurance totaled $ 156.0 million and $ 150.6 million at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the long-term portions of those reserves were $ 92.7 million and $ 88.7 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, which were included in
"other non-current liabilities" on our balance sheets.
share-based compensation we have various share-based compensation plans for our employees and non-employee directors. our share-based compensation includes awards of phantom stock, restricted stock, and performance-based restricted stock units which are accounted for under asc topic 718, compensation - stock compensation . all share-
based compensation expense is presented in "salaries, wages and benefits" for employees and "miscellaneous expenses, net" for non-employee directors in the accompanying statements of operations. total compensation expense recognized for all share-based compensation awards was $ 15.9 million, $ 15.0 million and $ 14.3 million during
2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. the total tax benefit recognized related to these awards was $ 3.3 million, $
2.9 million and $ 3.8 million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. awards of restricted stock, modified phantom stock and performance-based restricted stock units are accounted for as equity under asc topic 718. we recognize compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, for restricted stock awards and modified phantom stock awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of each award. compensation cost for performance-
based restricted stock unit awards is recognized using the accelerated attribution method over the requisite service period of each award. at the end of each reporting period, we reassess the probability of achieving performance targets and changes to our initial assessment are reflected in the reporting period in which the change in estimate occurs.
advertising the costs of advertising our services are expensed as incurred and are included in "general supplies and expenses" on our statements of operations. advertising costs charged to expense totaled $ 29.0 million, $ 28.1
million and $ 19.0 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
fair value of financial instruments fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. the levels of inputs used to measure fair value are:  level 1 - quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets;  level 2 - quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable in active markets; and  level 3 - valuations based on inputs that are unobservable, generally utilizing pricing models or other valuation techniques that reflect management's judgment and estimates.
our short-term investments and our long-term debt, including current maturities, are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, and are further described in note 9. our other financial securities in current assets and current liabilities approximate their fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.
stock repurchase program on may 1, 2020, we announced that our board of directors had approved a two-year stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to an aggregate of $700.0million of our outstanding common stock (the "2020
repurchase program"). the 2020
36
old dominion freight line, inc.
notes to the financial statements (continued)
repurchase program became effective upon the termination of our $350.0million repurchase program on may 29, 2020.
on july 28, 2021, we announced that our board of directors had approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to an aggregate of $2.0billion of our outstanding common stock (the "2021 repurchase program").
the 2021 repurchase program, which does not have an expiration date, began after the completion of the 2020
repurchase program in january 2022.
under our repurchase programs, we may repurchase shares from time to time in open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions. shares of our common stock repurchased under our repurchase programs are canceled at the time of repurchase and are classified as authorized but unissued shares of our common stock.
from time to time we have entered into accelerated share repurchase agreements with third-party financial institutions that are accounted for as a settled treasury stock purchase and a forward stock purchase contract. the par value of the initial shares received is recorded as a reduction to common stock, with the excess purchase price recorded as a reduction to retained earnings. the forward stock purchase contract is accounted for as a contract indexed to our own stock and is classified within capital in excess of par value on our balance sheets. the company's accelerated share repurchase agreements are each settled with the final number of shares received based on the daily volume-weighted average share price of our common stock over the term of the agreement, less a negotiated discount.the table below summarizes our accelerated share repurchase activity for 2022 and 2021.
agreement                        shares amount        initial       received          total agreement                 settlement               (in         shares             at         shares date                      date               millions)       received     settlement       received

february                 august 2021                $        275.0        960,330        140,716      1,101,046
2021
august                   january                    $        250.0        655,365        123,410        778,775
2021                     2022
february                 april 2022                 $        400.0      1,018,157        372,809      1,390,966
2022
at december 31, 2022, we had $679.1million remaining authorized under the 2021 repurchase program.
comprehensive income the company has no components of other comprehensive income. accordingly, net income equals comprehensive income for all periods presented in this report.
note 2. long-term debt long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, consisted of the following:
december 31,
(in thousands)                                    2022            2021

senior notes                           $        99,963       $  99,947
revolving credit facility                            -               -
total long-term debt                            99,963          99,947
less: current maturities                       (20,000  )            -
total maturities due after one year    $        79,963       $  99,947
note agreement we had an unsecured senior note agreement with a principal amount outstanding of $45.0million at december 31, 2019
(the "senior note"). the agreement for the senior note called for a scheduled principal payment of $45.0million, with an interest rate of4.79%, onjanuary 3, 2021, which was paid in the fourth quarter of 2020.
on may 4, 2020, we entered into a note purchase and private shelf agreement with pgim, inc. ("prudential") and certain affiliates and managed accounts of prudential (the "note agreement"). the note agreement, which is uncommitted and subject to prudential's sole discretion, provides for the issuance of senior promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of up to $350.0million through may 4, 2023. pursuant to the note agreement, we issued
$100.0million aggregate principal amount of senior
37
old dominion freight line, inc.
notes to the financial statements (continued)
promissory notes (the "series b notes") on may 4, 2020. borrowing availability under the note agreement is reduced by the outstanding amount of the existing series b notes, and all other senior promissory notes issued pursuant to the note agreement.
the series b notes bear interest at 3.10 % per annum and mature on may 4, 2027, unless prepaid.principal payments are required annually beginning on may 4, 2023 in equal installments of $20.0million throughmay 4, 2027. the series b notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank pari passu with borrowings under our second amended and restated credit agreement with wells fargo bank, national association serving as administrative agent for the lenders, which we entered into on november 21, 2019 (the "credit agreement") or other senior promissory notes issued pursuant to the note agreement.
credit agreement the credit agreement provides for a five-year, $250.0million senior unsecured revolving line of credit and a
$150.0million accordion feature, which if fully exercised and approved, would expand the total borrowing capacity up to an aggregate of $400.0million. of the $250.0million line of credit commitments under the credit agreement, up to $100.0million may be used for letters of credit.
at our option, borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at either: (i) libor (including applicable successor provisions) plus an applicable margin (based on our ratio of net debt-to-total capitalization) that ranges from1.000% to1.375%; or (ii) a base rate, as defined in the credit agreement, plus an applicable margin
(based on our ratio of net debt-to-total capitalization) that ranges from0.000% to0.375%. letter of credit fees equal to the applicable margin for libor loans are charged quarterly in arrears on the daily average aggregate stated amount of all letters of credit outstanding during the quarter. commitment fees ranging from0.100% to0.175%
(based upon the ratio of net debt-to-total capitalization) are charged quarterly in arrears on the aggregate unutilized portion of the credit agreement.
for periods covered under the credit agreement, the applicable margin on libor loans and letter of credit fees were1.000% and commitment fees were0.100%.
there were $38.7million and $39.2million of outstanding letters of credit at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
general debt provisions the credit agreement and note agreement contain customary covenants, including financial covenants that require us to observe a maximum ratio of debt to total capital and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. the credit agreement and note agreement also include a provision limiting our ability to make restricted payments, including dividends and payments for share repurchases, unless, among other conditions, no defaults or events of default are ongoing
(or would be caused by such restricted payment).
note 3. leases we lease certain assets under operating leases, which primarily consisted of real estate leases for certain service center locations and automotive leases for private passenger vehicles. certain operating leases provide for renewal options, which can vary by lease and are typically offered at their fair rental value. we have not made any residual value guarantees related to our operating leases; therefore, we have no corresponding liability recorded on our balance sheets.
the right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities on our balance sheets represent payments over the lease term, which includes renewal options for certain real estate leases that we are likely to exercise. these renewal options begin in2023and continue through2033, and range fromonetoten yearsin length. short-term leases, which have an initial term of 12 months or less, are not included in our right-of-use assets or corresponding lease liabilities.
of our total operating lease liabilities, $17.3million and $14.0million are classified as current and are presented within "other accrued liabilities," and $80.8million and $88.8million are classified as non-current and are presented within "other non-current liabilities" on our balance sheets as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. our right-of-use assets totaled $95.2million and $100.3million and are presented within "other assets," which is classified as long-term, on our balance sheets as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
38
old dominion freight line, inc.
notes to the financial statements (continued)
future lease payments for assets under operating leases, as well as a reconciliation to our total lease liabilities as of december 31, 2022, are as follows:
(in thousands)                lease payments (a)

2023                       $              21,243
2024                                      15,970
2025                                      13,264
2026                                      12,888
2027                                      12,374
thereafter                                44,561
total lease payments       $             120,300
less: imputed interest                   (22,140  )
total lease liabilities    $              98,160
(a) lease payments include lease extensions that are reasonably certain to be exercised.
the weighted average lease term for our operating leases was8.1years and9.0years at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the discount rate used in the calculation of our right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities was determined based on the stated rate within each contract when available, or our collateralized borrowing rate from lending institutions. the weighted average discount rate for our operating leases was3.8%
and3.0% as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of our operating leases was $18.6million and $17.6million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. aggregate expense under operating leases was $20.0million,
$19.0million and $16.0million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.certain operating leases include rent escalation provisions, which we recognize as expense on a straight-line basis. lease expense is presented within
"operating supplies and expenses" or "general supplies and expenses," depending on the nature of the use of the leased asset. during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, we added $11.6million and $12.2million of right-
of-use assets, respectively, in exchange for new operating lease liabilities.
note 4. income taxes the components of the provision for income taxes are as follows:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                            2022          2021          2020

current:
federal                             $                  318,571    $  253,084    $  216,469
state                                                   83,611        70,799        53,224
402,182       323,883       269,693
deferred:
federal                                                 51,862        26,382       (35,372  )
state                                                   10,146         3,783        (5,639  )
62,008        30,165       (41,011  )
total provision for income taxes    $                  464,190    $  354,048    $  228,682
the following is a reconciliation of income tax expense calculated using the u.s. statutory federal income tax rate with our income tax expense for 2022, 2021 and 2020:
39
old dominion freight line, inc.
notes to the financial statements (continued)
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                              2022          2021          2020

tax provision at statutory rate       $                  386,683    $  291,569    $  189,287
state income taxes, net of federal                        75,906        60,036        39,098
benefit other, net                                                 1,601         2,443           297
total provision for income taxes      $                  464,190    $  354,048    $  228,682
deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in "other assets" and "deferred income taxes" on our balance sheets, consist of the following:
(in thousands)                       december 31, deferred tax assets:                         2022              2021

claims and insurance reserves     $        31,736       $    30,773
accrued vacation                           20,330            21,518
deferred compensation                      39,973            43,150
other                                      11,767            21,349
total deferred tax assets                 103,806           116,790
deferred tax liabilities:
depreciation and amortization            (407,942  )       (359,738  )
other                                      (5,113  )         (4,293  )
total deferred tax liabilities           (413,055  )       (364,031  )
net deferred tax liability        $      (309,249  )    $  (247,241  )
we are subject to u.s. federal income tax, as well as income tax of multiple state tax jurisdictions. we remain open to examination by the internal revenue service for tax years2019through2022. we also remain open to examination by various state tax jurisdictions for tax years2018through2022.
the company's liability for unrecognized tax benefits was immaterial as of december 31, 2022 and 2021. interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions, which are immaterial, are recorded in our "provision for income taxes" on our statements of operations. changes in our liability for unrecognized tax benefits could affect our effective tax rate, if recognized, but we do not expect any material changes within the next twelve months.
note 5. related party transactions in august 2022, we entered into an agreement with david s. congdon, executive chairman of our board of directors, to terminate the employment agreement between the company and mr. congdon.
following termination of the employment agreement, mr. congdon remained an executive officer of the company and continued to serve as executive chairman of our board of directors. john r. congdon, jr., a member of our board of directors, is the cousin of david s. congdon. we regularly disclose the amount of compensation that we pay to these individuals, as well as the compensation paid to any of their family members employed by us that from time to time may require disclosure, in the proxy statement for our annual meeting of shareholders.
note 6. employee benefit plans defined contribution plan full-time employees meeting certain eligibility requirements are automatically enrolled in our 401(k) employee retirement plan, unless the employee elects not to defer any compensation. employee contributions are limited to a percentage of the employee's compensation, as defined in the plan. we match a percentage of our employees' contributions up to certain maximum limits. in 40 old dominion freight line, inc. notes to the financial statements (continued) addition, we may also provide a discretionary matching contribution as specified in the plan. our employer contributions, net of forfeitures, for
2022, 2021 and 2020 were $ 135.2 million, $ 102.0 million and $ 65.4 million, respectively. deferred compensation plan we maintain a nonqualified deferred compensation plan for the benefit of certain eligible employees, including those whose contributions to the 401(k) employee retirement plan are limited due to provisions of the internal revenue code. participating employees may elect to defer receipt of a percentage of their compensation, as defined in the plan, and the deferred amount is credited to each participant's deferred compensation account. the plan is not funded, and the company does not make a matching contribution to this plan. although the plan is not funded, participants are allowed to select investment options for which their deferrals and future earnings are deemed to be invested. participant accounts are adjusted to reflect participant deferrals and the performance of their deemed investments. the amounts owed to the participants totaled $ 88.3 million and $ 95.2 million at december 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively, of which $ 83.2 million and $ 90.4 million were included in "other non-current liabilities"
on our balance sheets as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
note 7. earnings per share basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the daily weighted average number of shares of our common stock outstanding for the period, excluding unvested restricted stock. unvested restricted stock is included in common shares outstanding on our balance sheets.
diluted earnings per share is computed using the treasury stock method. the denominator used in calculating diluted earnings per share includes the impact of unvested restricted stock and other dilutive, non-participating securities under our equity award agreements. the denominator excludes contingently-issuable shares under performance-based award agreements when the performance target has not yet been deemed achieved.
the following table provides a reconciliation of the number of shares of common stock used in computing basic and diluted earnings per share:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                              2022           2021           2020

weighted average shares outstanding -                112,340,791    115,651,411    117,737,180
basic dilutive effect of share-based awards                    737,029        758,578        756,023
weighted average shares outstanding -                113,077,820    116,409,989    118,493,203
diluted note 8. share-based compensation stock incentive plan on may 19, 2016, our shareholders approved the old dominion freight line, inc. 2016 stock incentive plan (the
"stock incentive plan") previously approved by our board of directors. the stock incentive plan, under which awards may be granted until may 18, 2026, or the stock incentive plan's earlier termination, serves as our primary equity incentive plan and provides for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted awards, performance awards, phantom stock awards and other stock-based awards or dividend equivalent awards to selected employees and non-employee directors. the maximum number of shares of common stock that we may issue or deliver pursuant to awards granted under the stock incentive plan is3,000,000shares.
restricted stock awards during 2022, 2021 and 2020, we granted restricted stock awards to selected employees and non-employee directors under the stock incentive plan. the employee restricted stock awards vest inthreeequal annual installments on each anniversary of the grant
41
old dominion freight line, inc.
notes to the financial statements (continued)
date, and the non-employee director restricted stock awards generally vest in full on the first anniversary of the grant date. in both cases, the restricted stock awards are subject to accelerated vesting due to death, total disability, or change in control of the company.
subject to the foregoing, unvested restricted stock awards are generally forfeited upon termination of employment.
the restricted stock awards accrue dividends while the award is unvested and only carry rights to receive the accrued dividends once vested.
compensation cost for restricted stock awards is measured at the grant date based on the fair market value per share of our common stock.
the following table summarizes our restricted stock award activity for employees and non-employee directors:
weighted average grant date fair shares           value per share

unvested at january 1, 2022      115,576       $            163.57
granted                           32,292                    303.81
vested                           (68,098  )                 149.03
forfeited                         (2,045  )                 231.47
unvested at december 31, 2022     77,725       $            232.79
the weighted average grant date fair value per restricted stock award granted during fiscal years 2022, 2021 and
2020 was $303.81, $213.55and $149.38, respectively. the total fair value of vested restricted stock awards for fiscal year 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $20.1million, $15.6million and $11.9million, respectively. at december 31,
2022, the company had $9.4million of unrecognized stock-based compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested restricted stock awards that are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of1.6years.
performance-based restricted stock units during 2022, 2021 and 2020 we granted performance-based restricted stock units ("pbrsus") to selected employees under the stock incentive plan. the pbrsus are earned based on the achievement of stated company performance metrics over a one-year performance period. one-third of the earned pbrsus vest following the end of the one-year performance period if the performance metrics are satisfied, with an additional one-third of the pbrsus vesting on each of the next two grant date anniversaries. earned pbrsus are subject to accelerated vesting due to death, total disability, or change in control of the company. subject to the foregoing, unvested pbrsus are generally forfeited if minimum threshold performance targets are not achieved or upon termination of employment. the unvested pbrsus do not include voting rights or dividend participation rights.
compensation cost for pbrsus is measured at the grant date based on the fair market value per share of our common stock, with consideration given to the probability of achieving performance targets. at the end of each reporting period, we reassess the probability of achieving performance targets and changes to our initial assessment are reflected in the reporting period in which the change in estimate occurs.
the following table summarizes our activity for pbrsus for employees during 2022:
weighted average grant date fair shares           value per share

unvested at january 1, 2022       58,007       $            183.93
granted (a)                       19,314                    310.21
vested                           (22,785  )                 178.24
forfeited                              -                         -
unvested at december 31, 2022     54,536       $            231.03
42
old dominion freight line, inc.
notes to the financial statements (continued)
(a)pbrsus earned may range fromzeroto200% of the target award. actual pbrsus earned for the 2022 performance period, as determined by the compensation committee, were equal to200% of the target amount.
at december 31, 2022, the company had $3.5million of unrecognized stock-based compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested pbrsus that are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of1.8years.
phantom stock awards a summary of the changes in the number of outstanding phantom stock awards during the year ended december 31, 2022
is provided below. there were no phantom stock awards granted or forfeited during 2022.
total phantom shares balance of shares outstanding at january 1, 2022      613,996
settled                                                (1,476  )
balance of shares outstanding at december 31, 2022    612,520
of these outstanding awards,610,798phantom shares were vested at december 31, 2022 with a weighted average grant date fair value per share of $120.42. the remaining phantom shares are unvested and have a weighted average grant date fair value per share of $114.76. the settled shares have a weighted average grant date fair value per share of
$123.46.
note 9. fair value measurements short-term investments a summary of the fair value of our short-term investments as of december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021 is shown in the tables below.
(in thousands)              december 31, 2022       level 1       level 2       level 3

commercial paper         $             49,355    $  -          $   49,355    $  -
total                    $             49,355    $  -          $   49,355    $  -
(in thousands)              december 31, 2021       level 1       level 2       level 3
commercial paper                      214,419       -             214,419       -
certificates of deposit  $             40,014    $  -          $   40,014    $  -
total                    $            254,433    $  -          $  254,433    $  -
our certificates of deposit are measured at carrying value including accrued interest, which approximates fair value due to their short-term nature. our commercial paper is valued using broker quotes that utilize observable market inputs.
long-term debt the carrying value of our total long-term debt, including current maturities, was $100.0million and $99.9million at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the estimated fair value of our total long-term debt, including current maturities, was $92.6million and $104.5million at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the fair value measurement of our series b notes was determined using a discounted cash flow analysis that factors in current market yields for comparable borrowing arrangements under our credit profile. since this methodology is based upon market yields for comparable arrangements, the measurement is categorized as level 2 under the three-level fair value hierarchy as established by the financial accounting standards board.
43
old dominion freight line, inc.
notes to the financial statements (continued)
note 10. commitments and contingencies we are involved in or addressing various legal proceedings and claims, governmental inquiries, notices and investigations that have arisen in the ordinary course of our business and have not been fully adjudicated, some of which may be covered in whole or in part by insurance. certain of these matters include collective and/or class-action allegations. we do not believe that the resolution of any of these matters will have a material adverse effect upon our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
44
report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and the board of directors of old dominion freight line, inc.
opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying balance sheets of old dominion freight line, inc. (the company) as of december 31,
2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2022, and the related notes, as well as the financial statement schedule listed in the index at item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company at december
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2022, in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the company's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) and our report dated february 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
critical audit matter the critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. the communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
self-insurance reserves for bodily injury/property damage ("bipd") and workers'
compensation the liability for claims and insurance totaled $156.0 million at december 31, 2022, and the majority of this amount represents the self-insurance reserves for bipd and workers' compensation claims. the long-term portion of this liability was $92.7
million, which was included in "other non-current liabilities", and the remainder was included in "claims and insurance accruals" on the company's balance sheets.  as description of the matter  described in note 1 to the financial statements, claims and insurance accruals include the estimated cost of claims for bipd and workers' compensation. these accruals include estimates for both future claims development on reported claims as well as claims incurred but not yet reported. the company uses historical claims experience, known trends and third-party actuarial estimates to determine the liabilities for each of the bipd and workers' compensation reserves.  these
45
analyses are complex and require significant judgment as the models utilize multiple valuation methods and reflect subjective assumptions, including 1) the weighting of such methods, 2) the loss ratio, 3) the loss trend factor, and 4) the loss development factor, among other assumptions.
we identified and tested internal controls over management's review of the estimate for self-insurance reserves for bipd and workers'
compensation claims, including controls over the completeness and accuracy of data inputs used in the company's third-party calculations, the assumptions and reserve calculations, as well as management's evaluation of service organization controls and user controls over certain of the company's claims data that is managed by a third-party administrator.  to test the self-insurance reserves for bipd and workers' compensation claims balances, our audit procedures how we addressed the matter in our audit  included, among others, evaluating the methodologies used and the significant assumptions discussed above, as well as performing procedures with respect to underlying data and calculations used in the company's third-party analyses. we involved our actuarial specialists to assist in our evaluation of the appropriateness of the methods and assumptions used as well as to independently calculate ranges of reasonable reserve estimates developed based on independently selected assumptions and to compare such ranges to the company's recorded reserves. we tested claims data by comparing the data to supporting source documentation and payment information as well as performing trend analyses.
/s/ernst & young llp we have served as the company's auditor since 1994.
raleigh, north carolina february 22, 2023
46
item 9. changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure none.
item 9a. controlsand procedures evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report, our management has conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our chief executive officer ("ceo") and chief financial officer ("cfo"), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures in accordance with rule 13a-15 under the exchange act. based on this evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, our ceo and cfo concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the exchange act is (i) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our ceo and cfo, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and (ii)
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the sec's rules and forms.
management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting in accordance with exchange act rule 13a-15(f). management has conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our ceo and cfo, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022 based on the framework ininternal control - integrated frameworkissued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (the "2013 framework"). management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of december 31, 2022, based on our evaluation under the 2013 framework.
a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. further, in designing a control system, we must take into account the benefits of controls relative to their costs. because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected.
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022 has been audited by ernst & young llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report dated february 22,
2023, which is included herein.
changes in internal control over financial reporting there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last quarter of the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
47
report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and the board of directors of old dominion freight line, inc.
opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited old dominion freight line, inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of december 31,
2022, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) (the coso criteria). in our opinion, old dominion freight line, inc. (the company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022, based on the coso criteria.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the balance sheets of the company as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december
31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the index at item 15(a)(2) and our report dated february 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion the company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ ernst & young llp raleigh, north carolina february 22, 2023
48
item 9b. otherinformation none.
item 9c. disclosure regarding foreignjurisdictions that prevent inspections not applicable.
partiii item 10. directors, executive officers and corporate governance the information required by item 10 of form 10-k will appear in the company's proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders under the captions "proposal 1 - election of directors," "executive officers," "corporate governance - attendance and committees of the board - audit committee," and "corporate governance - director nominations," and the information therein is incorporated herein by reference.
we have adopted a "code of business conduct" that applies to all of our directors and officers and other employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. our code of business conduct is publicly available and is posted on our website at https://ir.odfl.com/governance-docs. to the extent permissible under applicable law, the rules of the sec and nasdaq listing standards, we intend to disclose on our website any amendment to our code of business conduct, or any grant of a waiver from a provision of our code of business conduct, that requires disclosure under applicable law, the rules of the sec or nasdaq listing standards.
item 11. executive compensation the information required by item 11 of form 10-k will appear in the company's proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders under the captions "corporate governance - compensation committee interlocks and insider participation," "compensation discussion and analysis," "compensation committee report," "executive compensation,"
and "director compensation," and the information therein is incorporated herein by reference.
item 12. security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters the information required by item 12 of form 10-k will appear in the company's proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders under the captions "equity compensation plan information" and "security ownership of management and certain beneficial owners," and the information therein is incorporated herein by reference.
item 13. certain relationships and relatedtransactions, and director independence the information required by item 13 of form 10-k will appear in the company's proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders under the captions "corporate governance - independent directors" and "related person transactions," and the information therein is incorporated herein by reference.
item 14. principal accounting fees and services the information required by item 14 of form 10-k will appear in the company's proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders under the captions "corporate governance - audit committee pre-approval policies and procedures" and "independent registered public accounting firm fees and services," and the information therein is incorporated herein by reference.
49
partiv item 15. exhibits, financial statement schedules
(a)(1) financial statements.
the following financial statements of old dominion freight line, inc. are included in item 8:
balance sheets - december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021
statements of operations - years ended december 31, 2022, december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020
statements of changes in shareholders' equity - years ended december 31, 2022, december 31, 2021 and december 31,
2020
statements of cash flows - years ended december 31, 2022, december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020
notes to the financial statements report of independent registered public accounting firm (pcaob id:42)
(a)(2) financial statement schedules.
the schedule ii - valuation and qualifying accounts schedule of old dominion freight line, inc. is included below:
schedule ii old dominion freight line, inc.
valuation and qualifying accounts allowance for uncollectible accounts (1)
balance at                                             balance at
(in thousands)                                 beginning       charged to                                end of year ended december 31,                        of period          expense       deductions (2)           period

2020                       $                       3,497    $       3,248    $           2,650    $       4,095
2021                       $                       4,095    $       3,773    $           1,829    $       6,039
2022                       $                       6,039    $       2,128    $           1,490    $       6,677
(1) this table does not include any allowances for revenue adjustments that result from billing corrections, customer allowances, money-back service guarantees and other miscellaneous revenue adjustments that are recorded in our revenue from operations.
(2) uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries.
all other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the sec are not required under the instructions thereto or are inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted.
(a)(3) exhibits filed.
the exhibits listed in the accompanying exhibit index are filed as a part of this report.
(b) exhibits.
see the exhibit index immediately preceding the signatures to this annual report on form 10-k.
(c) separate financial statements and schedules.
none.
50
item 16. form10-k summary none.
exhibitindex to annual report on form 10-k old dominion freight line, inc.
for year endeddecember 31, 2022
description amended and restated articles of incorporation of old dominion freight line, inc. (as amended july 30, 2004) (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2004, filed on august 6,
2004)
exhibit no.    articles of amendment of old dominion freight line, inc. (incorporated by reference to the
3.1.1          exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form 10-q for the
3.1.2          quarter ended june 30, 2012, filed on august 9, 2012)

articles of amendment of old dominion freight line, inc. (incorporated by reference to the
3.1.3          exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2020, filed on august 6, 2020)
amended and restated bylaws of old dominion freight line, inc. (as amended through october 19,
3.2            2022) (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k filed on october 20, 2022)
4.1            specimen certificate of common stock second amended and restated credit agreement, dated november 21, 2019, among old dominion
4.14           freight line, inc., wells fargo bank, national association, as administrative agent, and the lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k filed on november 21, 2019)
description of common stock (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number
4.15           contained in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021 filed on february 3, 2022)
note purchase and private shelf agreement among old dominion freight line, inc., pgim, inc. and
4.16           certain affiliates and managed accounts of pgim, inc., as purchasers, dated as of may 4, 2020
(incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2020 filed on may 5, 2020)
old dominion freight line, inc. 2012 phantom stock plan (incorporated by reference to the
10.17.15*      exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k filed on november 5, 2012)
form of old dominion freight line, inc. 2012 phantom stock plan phantom stock award agreement
10.17.16*      (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k filed on november 5, 2012)
first amendment to the old dominion freight line, inc. 2012 phantom stock plan (incorporated by
10.17.20*      reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form
10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2015, filed on may 7, 2015)
agreement to terminate amended and restated employment agreement, effective august 16, 2022, by
10.17.24*      and between old dominion freight line, inc. and david s. congdon (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k filed on august 16, 2022)
form of old dominion freight line, inc. director phantom stock plan award agreement
10.18.4*       (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2008, filed on august 8, 2008)
old dominion freight line, inc. director phantom stock plan, as amended through april 1, 2011
10.18.7*       (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2011, filed on may 9, 2011)
51
2014 declaration of amendment to old dominion freight line, inc. director phantom stock plan, effective february 20, 2014 (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2014, filed on may
6, 2014)
old dominion freight line, inc. director phantom stock plan (as amended and restated through december 16, 2019) (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed on february 26,
2020)
amendment to old dominion freight line, inc. director phantom stock award agreement (under the old
10.18.9*     dominion freight line, inc. director phantom stock plan (as amended and restated through december
10.18.12*    16, 2019)) (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's
10.18.13*    annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed on february 26, 2020)

old dominion freight line, inc. non-employee director compensation structure, effective as of the
10.18.15*    2022 annual meeting of shareholders (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021 filed on february 3, 2022)
old dominion freight line, inc. phantom stock plan, effective as of may 16, 2005 (incorporated by
10.19.1*     reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k filed on may 20, 2005)
form of old dominion freight line, inc. phantom stock award agreement (incorporated by reference
10.19.3*     to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k filed on february 21, 2006)
old dominion freight line, inc. phantom stock plan, effective as of january 1, 2009 (incorporated
10.19.4*     by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's annual report on form
10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008, filed on march 2, 2009)
amendment to old dominion freight line, inc. phantom stock plan, effective as of may 18, 2009
10.19.6*     (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.19.4 contained in the company's quarterly report on form
10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2009, filed on august 7, 2009)
2011 declaration of amendment to old dominion freight line, inc. phantom stock plan, effective as
10.19.7*     of may 17, 2011 (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2011, filed on november 8, 2011)
old dominion freight line, inc. phantom stock award agreement (incorporated by reference to the
10.19.8*     exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k filed on july 5,
2012)
2014 declaration of second amendment to old dominion freight line, inc. director phantom stock
10.19.9*     plan, effective as of august 7, 2014 (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014, filed on november 5, 2014)
2015 declaration of amendment to the old dominion freight line, inc. phantom stock plan
10.19.10*    (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2015, filed on may 7, 2015)
2016 declaration of amendment to old dominion freight line, inc. director phantom stock plan,
10.19.11*    effective as of february 25, 2016 (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015, filed on february 29, 2016)
old dominion freight line, inc. change of control severance plan for key executives (as amended
10.19.12*    and restated effective october 31, 2018) (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k filed on november 1, 2018)
old dominion freight line, inc. phantom stock plan (as amended and restated through december 16,
10.19.13*    2019) (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k filed on december 19, 2019)
amendment to old dominion freight line, inc. phantom stock award agreement (under the old dominion
10.19.14*    freight line, inc. phantom stock plan (as amended and restated through december 16, 2019))
(incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k filed on december 19, 2019)
52
old dominion freight line, inc. 2012 phantom stock plan (as amended and restated through december
16, 2019) (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k filed on december 19, 2019)
amendment to old dominion freight line, inc. phantom stock award agreement (under the old dominion freight line, inc. 2012 phantom stock plan (as amended and restated through december 16, 2019))
10.19.15*    (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current
10.19.16*    report on form 8-k filed on december 19, 2019)

2006 nonqualified deferred compensation plan of old dominion freight line, inc., effective january
10.20.1*     1, 2006 (as restated and effective january 1, 2009) (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december
31, 2009, filed on march 1, 2010)
10.20.2*     form of annual salary and bonus deduction agreement (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k filed on february 21, 2006)
second amendment to 2006 nonqualified deferred compensation plan of old dominion freight line,
10.20.3*     inc., as amended, effective november 10, 2011 (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2011, filed on february 29, 2012)
third amendment to the 2006 nonqualified deferred compensation plan of old dominion freight line,
10.20.4*     inc. (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2015, filed on may 7, 2015)
fourth amendment to the 2006 nonqualified deferred compensation plan of old dominion freight line,
10.20.5*     inc. (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2022, filed on august 3, 2022)
old dominion freight line, inc. performance incentive plan (incorporated by reference to the
10.21*       exhibit of the same number contained in the company's current report on form 8-k, filed on june 3,
2008)
old dominion freight line, inc. performance incentive plan (as amended and restated through
10.21.1*     january 30, 2019) (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, filed on february 27,
2019)
old dominion freight line, inc. 2016 stock incentive plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 99
10.23*       contained in the company's registration statement on form s-8 (file no. 333-211464), filed on may
19, 2016)
form of old dominion freight line, inc. 2016 stock incentive plan restricted stock award agreement
10.23.2*     (non-employee directors) (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2016, filed on august
8, 2016)
form of old dominion freight line, inc. 2016 stock incentive plan restricted stock award agreement
10.23.4*     (employees) (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, filed on february 23,
2022)
form of old dominion freight line, inc. 2016 stock incentive plan restricted stock unit agreement
10.23.5*     (performance-based) (employees) (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, filed on february 23, 2022)
23.1         consent of ernst & young llp
31.1         certification pursuant to rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the exchange act, as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002
31.2         certification pursuant to rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the exchange act, as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002
32.1         certification pursuant to 18 u.s.c section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002
32.2         certification pursuant to 18 u.s.c section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002
the following financial information from our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended
101          december 31, 2022, filed on february 22, 2023, formatted in ixbrl (inline extensible business reporting language) includes: (i) the
53
balance sheets at december 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) the statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iii) the statements of changes in shareholders' equity for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iv) the statements of cash flows for the years ended december
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and (v) the notes to the financial statements the cover page from our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, formatted in
104    ixbrl

*denotes an executive compensation plan or agreement our sec file number reference for documents filed with the sec pursuant to the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, is 0-19582.
54
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
old dominion freight line, inc.
dated:  february 22, 2023    by:                              /s/ greg c. gantt

greg c. gantt president and chief executive officer (principal executive officer)
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:
name and signature          position                                           date
/s/ david s. congdon        executive chairman of the board of directors       february 22, 2023

david s. congdon
/s/ sherry a. aaholm        director                                           february 22, 2023
sherry a. aaholm
/s/ john r. congdon, jr.    director                                           february 22, 2023
john r. congdon, jr.
/s/ bradley r. gabosch      director                                           february 22, 2023
bradley r. gabosch
/s/ patrick d. hanley       director                                           february 22, 2023
patrick d. hanley
/s/ john d. kasarda         director                                           february 22, 2023
john d. kasarda
/s/ wendy t. stallings      director                                           february 22, 2023
wendy t. stallings
/s/ thomas a. stith, iii    director                                           february 22, 2023
thomas a. stith, iii
/s/ leo h. suggs            director                                           february 22, 2023
leo h. suggs
/s/ d. michael wray         director                                           february 22, 2023
d. michael wray
/s/ greg c. gantt           president, chief executive officer and director    february 22, 2023
greg c. gantt               -principal executive officer
/s/ adam n. satterfield     senior vice president - finance,                   february 22, 2023
adam n. satterfield         chief financial officer and assistant secretary
-principal financial officer
/s/ kimberly s. maready     vice president - accounting and finance            february 22, 2023
kimberly s. maready         -principal accounting officer
55
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations generally discusses our 2022 and 2021 results and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. discussions of our 2020 results and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021, which was filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 23, 2022.
overview we are one of the largest north american less-than-truckload ("ltl") motor carriers. we provide regional, inter-regional and national ltl services through a single integrated, union-free organization. our service offerings, which include expedited transportation, are provided through an expansive network of service centers located throughout the continental united states. through strategic alliances, we also provide ltl services throughout north america. in addition to our core ltl services, we offer a range of value-added services including container drayage, truckload brokerage and supply chain consulting. more than 98% of our revenue has historically been derived from transporting ltl shipments for our customers, whose demand for our services is generally tied to industrial production and the overall health of the u.s. domestic economy.
in analyzing the components of our revenue, we monitor changes and trends in our ltl volumes and ltl revenue per hundredweight. while ltl revenue per hundredweight is a yield measurement, it is also a commonly-used indicator for general pricing trends in the ltl industry. this yield metric is not a true measure of price, however, as it can be influenced by many other factors, such as changes in fuel surcharges, weight per shipment and length of haul. as a result, changes in revenue per hundredweight do not necessarily indicate actual changes in underlying base rates. ltl revenue per hundredweight and the key factors that can impact this metric are described in more detail below:
ltl revenue per hundredweight - our ltl transportation services are generally priced based on weight, commodity, and distance. this measurement reflects the application of our pricing policies to the services we provide, which are influenced by competitive market conditions and our growth objectives. generally, freight is rated by a class system, which is established by the national motor freight traffic association, inc. light, bulky freight typically has a higher class and is priced at higher revenue per hundredweight than dense, heavy freight. fuel surcharges, accessorial charges, revenue adjustments and revenue for undelivered freight are included in this measurement. revenue for undelivered freight is deferred for financial statement purposes in accordance with our revenue recognition policy; however, we believe including it in our revenue per hundredweight metrics results in a more accurate representation of the underlying changes in our yields by matching total billed revenue with the corresponding weight of those shipments.
ltl weight per shipment - fluctuations in weight per shipment can indicate changes in the mix of freight we receive from our customers, as well as changes in the number of units included in a shipment. generally, increases in weight per shipment indicate higher demand for our customers' products and overall increased economic activity. changes in weight per shipment can also be influenced by shifts between ltl and other modes of transportation, such as truckload and intermodal, in response to capacity, service and pricing issues. fluctuations in weight per shipment generally have an inverse effect on our revenue per hundredweight, as a decrease in weight per shipment will typically cause an increase in revenue per hundredweight.
average length of haul - we consider lengths of haul less than 500 miles to be regional traffic, lengths of haul between 500 miles and 1,000 miles to be inter-regional traffic, and lengths of haul in excess of 1,000 miles to be national traffic. this metric is used to analyze our tonnage and pricing trends for shipments with similar characteristics, and also allows for comparison with other transportation providers serving specific markets. by analyzing this metric, we can determine the success and growth potential of our service products in these markets. changes in length of haul generally have a direct effect on our revenue per hundredweight, as an increase in length of haul will typically cause an increase in revenue per hundredweight.
ltl revenue per shipment - this measurement is primarily determined by the three metrics listed above and is used in conjunction with the number of ltl shipments we receive to evaluate ltl revenue.
our primary revenue focus is to increase density, which is shipment and tonnage growth within our existing infrastructure. increases in density allow us to maximize our asset utilization and labor productivity, which we measure over many different functional areas of our operations including linehaul load factor, pickup and delivery stops per hour, p&d shipments per hour, platform pounds handled per hour and platform shipments per hour. in addition to our focus on density and operating efficiencies, it is critical for us to obtain an appropriate yield, which is measured as revenue per hundredweight, on the shipments we handle to offset our cost inflation and support our ongoing investments in capacity and technology. we regularly monitor the components of our pricing, including base freight rates, accessorial charges and fuel surcharges. the fuel surcharge is generally designed to offset fluctuations in the cost of our petroleum-based products and is indexed to diesel fuel prices published by the u.s. department of energy, which reset each week. we believe our yield management process focused on individual account profitability, and ongoing improvements in operating efficiencies, are both key components of our ability to produce profitable growth.
our primary cost elements are direct wages and benefits associated with the movement of freight, operating supplies and expenses, which include diesel fuel, and depreciation of our equipment fleet and service center facilities. we gauge our overall success in managing costs by monitoring our operating ratio, a measure of profitability calculated by dividing total operating expenses by revenue, which also allows for industry-wide comparisons with our competition.
we regularly upgrade our technological capabilities to improve our customer service and lower our operating costs. our technology provides our customers with visibility of their shipments throughout our network, increases the productivity of our workforce, and provides key metrics that we use to monitor and enhance our processes.
results of operations the following table sets forth, for the years indicated, expenses and other items as a percentage of revenue from operations:
2022                2021
revenue from operations                   100.0   %         100.0   %
operating expenses:
salaries, wages and benefits               43.4              47.0
operating supplies and expenses            13.6              10.8
general supplies and expenses               2.6               2.6
operating taxes and licenses                2.3               2.5
insurance and claims                        0.9               1.0
communication and utilities                 0.6               0.7
depreciation and amortization               4.5               4.9
purchased transportation                    2.5               3.5
miscellaneous expenses, net                 0.2               0.5
total operating expenses                   70.6              73.5
operating income                           29.4              26.5
interest (income) expense, net             (0.1   )           0.0
other expense, net                          0.1               0.1
income before income taxes                 29.4              26.4
provision for income taxes                  7.4               6.7
net income                                 22.0   %          19.7   %
key financial and operating metrics for 2022 and 2021 are presented below:
2022                      2021                              change          % change work days                                            253                       252                    1               0.4
revenue (in thousands)                        $6,260,077                $5,256,328           $1,003,749              19.1
operating ratio                                     70.6   %                  73.5   %
net income (in thousands)                     $1,377,159                $1,034,375             $342,784              33.1
diluted earnings per share                        $12.18                     $8.89                $3.29              37.0
ltl tons (in thousands)                           10,211                    10,119                   92               0.9
ltl tonnage per day                               40,359                    40,153                  206               0.5
ltl shipments (in thousands)                      12,989                    12,880                  109               0.8
ltl shipments per day                             51,341                    51,111                  230               0.5
ltl weight per shipment (lbs.)                     1,572                     1,571                    1               0.1
ltl revenue per hundredweight                     $30.24                    $25.59                $4.65              18.2
ltl revenue per shipment                         $475.45                   $402.01               $73.44              18.3
ltl revenue per intercity mile                     $8.28                     $7.32                $0.96              13.1
ltl intercity miles (in thousands)               746,028                   707,611               38,417               5.4
average length of haul (miles)                                                                       (1   )          (0.1   )
our financial results for 2022 included double-digit growth in our revenue, net income and earnings per diluted share. the 19.1% increase in revenue to $6.3 billion was due primarily to the increase in ltl revenue per hundredweight as ltl tons increased 0.9%. the increase in revenue and our disciplined control of our operating costs contributed to a 290 basis-point improvement in our operating ratio to 70.6% for 2022 as compared to 73.5% for 2021. as a result, net income and earnings per diluted share increased by 33.1% and 37.0%, respectively, in 2022 as compared to 2021.
revenue revenue increased $1.0 billion, or 19.1%, in 2022 compared to 2021, due to an increase in ltl revenue per hundredweight and a slight increase in ltl tonnage. our ltl revenue per hundredweight increased 18.2% in 2022 compared to 2021. this increase reflects the impact of higher fuel surcharges associated with the significant increase in diesel fuel prices as well as the ongoing commitment to our long-term yield management strategy. excluding fuel surcharges, ltl revenue per hundredweight increased 8.5% in 2022 as compared to 2021. we believe our focus on obtaining an appropriate yield is necessary to offset rising operating costs and also allows us to invest in opportunities that can improve the quality of our service and provide capacity for future growth.
january 2023 update revenue per day increased 4.2% in january 2023 compared to the same month last year. ltl tons per day decreased 7.8%, due to a 5.9% decrease in ltl shipments per day and a 2.0% decrease in ltl weight per shipment. ltl revenue per hundredweight increased 13.1% as compared to the same month last year. ltl revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharges, increased 8.6% as compared to the same month last year.
operating costs and other expenses salaries, wages, and benefits increased $248.9 million, or 10.1%, in 2022 as compared to 2021, due to a $188.5 million increase in the costs attributable to salaries and wages and a $60.4 million increase in employee benefit costs. the increase in salaries and wages was due primarily to increases in the average number of active full-time employees during the year. our average number of active full-time employees increased 2,291, or 10.4%, during 2022 as compared to 2021 as we hired additional employees primarily during the first half of the year to balance our workforce with our customers' shipment trends and reduce our reliance on third-party purchased transportation. salaries and wages also increased as a result of annual wage increases provided to our employees at the beginning of both september 2021 and 2022, as well as higher performance-based bonus compensation.
our productive labor costs, which include wages for drivers, platform employees, and fleet technicians, improved as a percent of revenue to 22.9% in 2022 compared to 25.1% in 2021. the improvements in our productive labor costs, as a percentage of revenue, reflect the leveraging effect of increases in our yield as well as our ongoing commitment to operating efficiently. our productive labor costs as a percentage of revenue were also impacted by declines in our p&d shipments per hour and linehaul laden load average as we trained our new employees. our other salaries and wages as a percent of revenue also decreased to 9.0% in 2022 as compared to 9.3% in 2021.
the increase in the costs attributable to employee benefits of $60.4 million, or 9.1%, includes the impact of the increase in the number of full-time employees eligible for our benefits and increases in certain higher retirement benefits costs directly linked to our net income. in addition, our benefit costs were positively impacted by a reduction in accrued benefits expense attributable to the termination of an employment agreement during the third quarter of 2022. our employee benefit costs as a percent of salaries and wages decreased to 36.2% in 2022 from 36.6% in 2021.
operating supplies and expenses increased $285.3 million, or 50.3%, in 2022 as compared to 2021, due primarily to an increase in our costs for diesel fuel used in our vehicles, as well as other petroleum-based products. our diesel fuel costs, excluding fuel taxes, represent the largest component of operating supplies and expenses, and can vary based on both the average price per gallon and consumption. our average cost per gallon of diesel fuel increased 68.2% in 2022 as compared to 2021. in addition, our gallons consumed increased 4.1% in 2022 as compared to 2021 year due to an increase in miles driven. we do not use diesel fuel hedging instruments; therefore, our costs are subject to market price fluctuations. our other operating supplies and expenses as a percent of revenue increased in 2022 as compared to the same periods of 2021, due to increases in equipment repair and maintenance costs.
depreciation and amortization increased $16.2 million, or 6.2%, in 2022 as compared to 2021. the increases in depreciation and amortization costs were due primarily to the assets acquired as part of our 2021 and 2022 capital expenditure programs. we believe depreciation costs will increase in future periods based on our 2023 capital expenditure plan. while our investments in real estate, equipment, and technology can increase our costs in the short-term, we believe these investments are necessary to support our continued long-term growth and strategic initiatives.
purchased transportation expense decreased $27.7 million, or 14.9%, in 2022 as compared to 2021. we utilize purchased transportation services from third-party transportation providers in our domestic linehaul network to supplement our equipment and our workforce when needed to support our growth initiatives and to maximize the efficient movement of ltl freight within our service center network. our significant investments in workforce and equipment enabled us to reduce our use of purchased transportation beginning in the second quarter of 2022.
our effective tax rate in 2022 was 25.2% as compared to 25.5% in 2021. our effective tax rate generally exceeds the federal statutory rate due to the impact of state taxes and, to a lesser extent, certain other non-deductible items.
liquidity and capital resources a summary of our cash flows is presented below:
(in thousands)                                     2022                        2021
cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                  $462,564                   $401,430
cash flows provided by (used in):
operating activities                                           1,691,582                  1,212,606
investing activities                                            (547,472   )               (455,288   )
financing activities                                          (1,420,362   )               (696,184   )
(decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                (276,252   )                 61,134
cash and cash equivalents at end of year                        $186,312                   $462,564
the increase in our cash flows provided by operating activities during 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to an increase in our income before income taxes of $452.9 million and fluctuations in certain working capital accounts.
the increase in our cash flows used in investing activities during 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to increases in property and equipment purchases under our capital expenditure plan, which was partially offset by the timing of purchases and maturities of short-term investments. changes in our capital expenditure plans are more fully described below under "capital expenditures".
the increase in our cash flows used in financing activities during 2022 as compared to 2021 was due primarily to higher repurchases of our common stock, as well as an increase in dividend payments to our shareholders. our return of capital to shareholders is more fully described below under "stock repurchase program" and "dividends to shareholders".
we have five primary sources of available liquidity: cash flows from operations, our existing cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, available borrowings under our second amended and restated credit agreement with wells fargo bank, national association serving as administrative agent for the lenders, which we entered into on november 21, 2019 (the "credit agreement"), and our note purchase and private shelf agreement with pgim, inc. ("prudential") and certain affiliates and managed accounts of prudential, which we entered into on may 4, 2020 (the "note agreement"). our credit agreement and note agreement are described in more detail below under "financing arrangements." we believe we also have sufficient access to debt and equity markets to provide other sources of liquidity, if needed.
capital expenditures the table below sets forth our net capital expenditures for property and equipment, including those obtained through noncash transactions, for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)               2022                       2021
land and structures                    $299,529                     $252,155
tractors                                148,719                      130,772
trailers                                216,697                      140,595
technology                               33,783                       17,139
other equipment and assets               68,920                       25,450
less: proceeds from sales               (22,096     )                (19,548   )
total                                  $745,552                     $546,563
our capital expenditures vary based upon the projected increase in the number and size of our service center facilities necessary to support our plan for long-term growth, our planned tractor and trailer replacement cycle, and forecasted tonnage and shipment growth. expenditures for land and structures can be dependent upon the availability of land in the geographic areas where we are looking to expand. we historically spend 10% to 15% of our revenue on capital expenditures each year. we expect to continue to maintain a high level of capital expenditures in order to support our long-term plan for market share growth.
we currently estimate capital expenditures will be approximately $800 million for the year ending december 31, 2023. approximately $300 million is allocated for the purchase of service center facilities, construction of new service center facilities or expansion of existing service center facilities, subject to the availability of suitable real estate and the timing of construction projects; approximately $400 million is allocated for the purchase of tractors and trailers; and approximately $100 million is allocated for investments in technology and other assets. we expect to fund these capital expenditures primarily through cash flows from operations, our existing cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and, if needed, borrowings available under our credit agreement or note agreement. we believe our current sources of liquidity will be sufficient to satisfy our expected capital expenditures for the next twelve months and in the longer term.
stock repurchase program on may 1, 2020, we announced that our board of directors had approved a two-year stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to an aggregate of $700.0 million of our outstanding common stock (the "2020 repurchase program"). the 2020 repurchase program became effective upon the termination of our $350.0 million repurchase program on may 29, 2020. on july 28, 2021, we announced that our board of directors had approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to an aggregate of $2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock (the "2021 repurchase program"). the 2021 repurchase program, which does not have an expiration date, began after the completion of the 2020 repurchase program in january 2022.
under our repurchase programs, we may repurchase shares from time to time in open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions. shares of our common stock repurchased under our repurchase programs are canceled at the time of repurchase and are classified as authorized but unissued shares of our common stock.
as of december 31, 2022, we had $679.1 million remaining authorized under the 2021 repurchase program.
dividends to shareholders our board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.30 per share for each quarter of 2022 and declared a cash dividend of $0.20 per share for each quarter of 2021.
on february 1, 2023, we announced that our board of directors had declared a cash dividend of $0.40 per share of our common stock. the dividend is payable on march 15, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on march 1, 2023. although we intend to pay a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock for the foreseeable future, the declaration and amount of any future dividend is subject to approval by our board of directors, and is restricted by applicable state law limitations on distributions to shareholders as well as certain covenants under our credit agreement and note agreement. we anticipate that any future quarterly cash dividends will be funded through cash flows from operations, our existing cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and, if needed, borrowings under our credit agreement or note agreement.
financing agreements note agreement the note agreement, which is uncommitted and subject to prudential's sole discretion, provides for the issuance of senior promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of up to $350.0 million through may 4, 2023. pursuant to the note agreement, we issued $100.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior promissory notes (the "series b notes") on may 4, 2020. borrowing availability under the note agreement is reduced by the outstanding amount of the existing series b notes, and all other senior promissory notes issued pursuant to the note agreement.
the series b notes bear an annual interest rate of 3.10% and mature on may 4, 2027, unless prepaid. principal payments are required annually beginning on may 4, 2023 in equal installments of $20.0 million through may 4, 2027. the series b notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank pari passu with borrowings under our credit agreement or other senior promissory notes issued pursuant to the note agreement.
credit agreement the credit agreement provides for a five-year, $250.0 million senior unsecured revolving line of credit and a $150.0 million accordion feature, which if fully exercised and approved, would expand the total borrowing capacity up to an aggregate of $400.0 million. of the $250.0 million line of credit commitments under the credit agreement, up to $100.0 million may be used for letters of credit.
at our option, borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at either: (i) libor (including applicable successor provisions) plus an applicable margin (based on our ratio of net debt-to-total capitalization) that ranges from 1.000% to 1.375%; or (ii) a base rate, as defined in the credit agreement, plus an applicable margin (based on our ratio of net debt-to-total capitalization) that ranges from 0.000% to 0.375%. letter of credit fees equal to the applicable margin for libor loans are charged quarterly in arrears on the daily average aggregate stated amount of all letters of credit outstanding during the quarter. commitment fees ranging from 0.100% to 0.175% (based upon the ratio of net debt-to-total capitalization) are charged quarterly in arrears on the aggregate unutilized portion of the credit agreement.
for periods covered under the credit agreement, the applicable margin on libor loans and letter of credit fees were 1.000% and commitment fees were 0.100%.
the amounts outstanding and available borrowing capacity under the credit agreement are presented below:
december 31,
(in thousands)                  2022                      2021
facility limit                            $250,000                   $250,000
line of credit borrowings                        -                          -
outstanding letters of credit              (38,653    )               (39,169   )
available borrowing capacity              $211,347                   $210,831
general debt provisions the credit agreement and note agreement contain customary covenants, including financial covenants that require us to observe a maximum ratio of debt to total capital and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. the credit agreement and note agreement also include a provision limiting our ability to make restricted payments, including dividends and payments for share repurchases, unless, among other conditions, no defaults or events of default are ongoing (or would be caused by such restricted payment). we were in compliance with all covenants in our outstanding debt instruments for the period ended december 31, 2022.
we do not anticipate financial performance that would cause us to violate any such covenants in the future, and we believe the combination of our existing credit agreement and note agreement along with our additional borrowing capacity will be sufficient to meet foreseeable seasonal and long-term capital needs.
the interest rate is fixed on the note agreement. therefore, short-term exposure to fluctuations in interest rates is limited to our credit agreement. we do not currently use interest rate derivative instruments to manage exposure to interest rate changes.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2022:
payments due by period contractual obligations (1)                                     less than                                                           more than
(in thousands)                    total                            1 year               1-3 years               3-5 years           5 years series b notes                    $107,254                        $22,691                 $43,522                 $41,041           $-
operating lease obligations (2)          120,300                   21,243                  29,234                  25,262                  44,561
purchase obligations and other           186,680                  160,776                  22,151                   3,753
total                             $414,234                       $204,710                 $94,907                 $70,056           $44,561
(1)contractual obligations include principal and interest on our series b notes; leases consisting primarily of real estate and automotive leases; and purchase obligations relating to non-cancellable purchase orders for (i) equipment scheduled for delivery in 2023, and (ii) information technology agreements.
(2)lease payments include lease extensions that are reasonably certain to be exercised.
critical accounting policies in preparing our financial statements, we apply the following critical accounting policies that we believe affect our judgments and estimates of amounts recorded in certain assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. these critical accounting policies, which are those that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations, are further described in note 1 of the notes to the financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
revenue recognition our revenue is generated from providing transportation and related services to customers in accordance with the bill of lading ("bol") contract, our general tariff provisions and contractual agreements. generally, our performance obligations begin when we receive a bol from a customer and are satisfied when we complete the delivery of a shipment and related services. we recognize revenue for our performance obligations under our customer contracts over time, as our customers receive the benefits of our services in accordance with accounting standards update ("asu") 2014-09. with respect to services not completed at the end of a reporting period, we use a percentage of completion method to allocate the appropriate revenue to each separate reporting period. under this method, we develop a factor for each uncompleted shipment by dividing the actual number of days in transit at the end of a reporting period by that shipment's standard delivery time schedule. this factor is applied to the total revenue for that shipment and revenue is allocated between reporting periods accordingly. a hypothetical change of 10% in our percentage of completion estimate would not have a material effect on our recorded revenue.
property and equipment property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated economic lives. we use historical experience, certain assumptions and estimates in determining the economic life of each asset. when indicators of impairment exist, we review property and equipment for impairment due to changes in operational and market conditions, and we adjust the carrying value and economic life of any impaired asset as appropriate.
estimated economic lives for structures are 7 to 30 years, revenue equipment is 4 to 15 years, other equipment is 2 to 20 years, and leasehold improvements are the lesser of the economic life of the leasehold improvement or the remaining life of the lease. the use of different assumptions, estimates or significant changes in the resale market for our equipment could result in material changes in the carrying value and related depreciation of our assets. depreciation expense in 2022 totaled $275.6 million. a hypothetical change of 1% in the estimated useful lives of all depreciable assets would not have a material impact on our financial results.
claims and insurance accruals claims and insurance accruals reflect the estimated cost of various claims, including those related to bodily injury/property damage ("bipd") and workers' compensation. all related costs associated with bipd claims are charged to insurance and claims expense, and all related costs associated with workers' compensation claims are charged to employee benefits expense.
insurers providing excess coverage above a company's self-insured retention or deductible levels typically adjust their premiums to cover insured losses and for other market factors. as a result, we periodically evaluate our self-insured retention and deductible levels to determine the most cost-efficient balance between our exposure and excess coverage.
in establishing accruals for claims and expenses, we evaluate and monitor each claim individually, and we use factors such as historical claims development experience, known trends and third-party actuarial estimates to determine the appropriate reserves for potential liabilities. we believe the assumptions and methods used to estimate these liabilities are reasonable; however, any changes in the severity or number of reported claims, significant changes in medical costs and regulatory changes affecting the administration of our plans could significantly impact the determination of appropriate reserves in future periods. our accrued liability for insurance, bipd claims, and workers' compensation claims totaled $129.6 million and $126.4 million at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. claims and insurance accruals are discussed further in note 1 of the notes to the financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
inflation most of our expenses are affected by inflation, which typically results in increased operating costs. in response to fluctuations in the cost of petroleum products, particularly diesel fuel, we generally include a fuel surcharge in our tariffs and contractual agreements. the fuel surcharge is designed to offset the cost of diesel fuel above a base price and fluctuates as diesel fuel prices change from the base, which is generally indexed to the doe's published fuel prices that reset each week. volatility in the price of diesel fuel has impacted our business, as described in this report. however, we do not believe inflation has had a material adverse effect on our results of operations for any of the past three years.
related party transactions family relationships in august 2022, we entered into an agreement with david s. congdon, executive chairman of our board of directors, to terminate the employment agreement between the company and mr. congdon. following termination of the employment agreement, mr. congdon remained an executive officer of the company and continued to serve as executive chairman of our board of directors. john r. congdon, jr., a member of our board of directors, is the cousin of david s. congdon. we regularly disclose the amount of compensation that we pay to these individuals, as well as the compensation paid to any of their family members employed by us that from time to time may require disclosure, in the proxy statement for our annual meeting of shareholders.
audit committee approval the audit committee of our board of directors reviews and approves all related person transactions in accordance with our related person transactions policy.
