item 1a.       risk factors this section describes the material risks to our business, which should be considered carefully in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the sec. investors should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. additionally, our business is subject to general risks applicable to any company, such as economic conditions, geopolitical events, extreme weather and natural disasters. if known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our business operations, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings could be adversely affected now and in the future, potentially in a material way. the following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements, as discussed in the forward-looking information and factors that may affect future results section in this form 10-k.
risks related to our business, industry and operations:
managed care trends private payers, such as health plans, and other managed care entities, such as pbms, continue to take action to manage the utilization and costs of drugs. the negotiating power of mcos and other private third-party payers has increased due to consolidation, and they, along with governments, increasingly employ formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs, including through the use of formulary inclusion or favorable formulary placement. these initiatives have increased consumers' interest and input in medication choices, as they pay for a larger portion of their prescription costs and may cause them to favor lower-cost generic alternatives. we may fail to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products, or fail to obtain such formulary placement at favorable pricing.
the growing availability and use of innovative specialty pharmaceutical medicines that treat rare or life-threatening conditions, which typically have smaller patient populations, combined with their relative higher cost as compared to other types of pharmaceutical products, also has generated increased payer interest in developing cost-containment strategies targeted to this sector.
third-party payers also use additional measures such as new-to-market blocks, exclusion lists, indication-based pricing and value-based pricing/contracting to improve their cost containment efforts. such payers are also increasingly imposing utilization management tools, such as clinical protocols, requiring prior authorization for a branded product if a generic product is available or requiring the patient to first fail on one or more generic products before permitting access to a branded medicine. as the u.s. private third-party payer market consolidates further and as more drugs become available in generic form, we may face greater pricing pressure from private third-party payers as they continue to drive more of their patients to use lower cost generic alternatives.
also, business arrangements in this area are subject to a high degree of government scrutiny, and available safe harbors under applicable federal and state fraud and abuse laws are subject to change through legislative and regulatory action, as well as evolving judicial interpretations. our approach to these arrangements may also be informed by such government and industry guidance.
competitive products competitive product launches may erode future sales of our products, including our existing products and those currently under development, or result in unanticipated product obsolescence. such launches continue to occur, and potentially competitive products are in various stages of development. we cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products that treat or prevent diseases and conditions like those treated or prevented by our in-line products and product candidates.
some of our competitors may have competitive, technical or other advantages over us for the development of technologies and processes or greater experience in particular therapeutic areas, and consolidation among certain pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can enhance such advantages. these advantages may make it difficult for us to compete with them successfully to discover, develop and market new products and for our current products to compete with new products or indications they may bring to market. our products have been competing and may continue to compete, and our product candidates may compete, against products or product candidates that offer higher rebates or discounts, lower prices, equivalent or superior efficacy, better safety profiles, easier administration, earlier market availability or other competitive features. if we are unable to compete effectively, this could reduce sales, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
in addition, competition from manufacturers of generic drugs, including from generic versions of competitors' branded products that lose their market exclusivity, is a major challenge for our branded products. certain of our products have experienced significant generic competition over the last few years. for additional information, see the item 1. business-patents and other intellectual property rights section in this form 10-k. in china, we expect to continue to face intense competition by certain generic manufacturers, which have resulted, and may result in the future, in price cuts and volume loss of some of our products.
in addition, our patented products may face generic or biosimilar competition before patent exclusivity expires, including from "at-risk" launch (despite pending patent infringement litigation against the generic or biosimilar product) by a manufacturer of a generic or biosimilar version of one of our patented products. generic and biosimilar manufacturers have filed or could file applications with the fda seeking approval of product candidates that they claim do not infringe our patents or claim that our patents are not valid. our licensing and collaboration partners also face challenges by generic drug manufacturers to patents covering products for which we have licenses or co-promotion rights.
we may become subject to competition from biosimilars referencing our biologic products if competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for such biosimilars.
we also commercialize biosimilar products that compete with products of others, including other biosimilar products. the entry to the market of competing biosimilars is expected to increase pricing pressures on our biosimilar products. uptake of our biosimilars may be lower due to various factors, such as anti-competitive practices, access challenges where our product may not receive appropriate coverage/reimbursement access or remains in a disadvantaged position relative to an innovator product, physician reluctance to prescribe biosimilars for existing patients taking the innovative product, or misaligned financial incentives for certain prescribers.
for additional information on competition our products face, see the item 1. business-competition section in this form 10-k.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k concentration we recorded direct product and/or alliance revenues of more than $1 billion for each of ten products that collectively accounted for 82% of our total revenues in 2022. in particular, comirnaty and paxlovid together accounted for 57% of our total revenues in 2022. for additional information, see notes 1 and 17. if these products or any of our other major products were to experience loss of patent protection (if applicable), changes in prescription or vaccination purchasing or growth rates, reduced product demand, material product liability litigation, unexpected side effects or safety concerns, regulatory proceedings or investigations, lower governmental and/or regulatory confidence, negative publicity affecting doctor or patient confidence, pressure from competitive products, changes in labeling, pricing and access pressures or supply shortages or if a new, more effective product should be introduced, the adverse impact on our revenues could be significant. in particular, certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and patents covering a number of our best-selling products are, or have been, the subject of pending legal challenges. for additional information on our patents, see the item 1. business-patents and other intellectual property rights section in this form 10-k. for comirnaty and paxlovid, while we believe that these products have the potential to provide ongoing revenue streams for pfizer for the foreseeable future, revenues of these products following the covid-19 pandemic may not be at similar levels as those generated during the pandemic. for 2023, our revenue guidance for comirnaty and paxlovid as of january 31, 2023 is significantly lower than the 2022 revenues from these products. for information on risks associated with comirnaty and paxlovid, see the covid-19 section below.
in addition, we sell our prescription biopharmaceutical products, with the exception of paxlovid, principally to wholesalers, but we also sell directly to retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies and pharmacies. in 2022, we principally sold paxlovid to government agencies. we primarily sell our vaccines in the u.s. directly to the federal government, cdc, wholesalers, individual provider offices, retail pharmacies and integrated delivery systems. outside the u.s., we primarily sell our vaccines to government and non-government institutions. for additional information, see note 17c. if one of our significant customers should encounter financial or other difficulties, it might decrease the amount of business such customer does with us and/or we might be unable to timely collect all the amounts that such customer owes us or at all, which could negatively impact our results of operations. in addition, we expect that consolidation and integration of pharmacy chains and wholesalers will increase competitive and pricing pressures on pharmaceutical manufacturers, including us.
research and development the discovery and development of new products, as well as the development of additional uses for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our business. our product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share or to respond to healthcare and innovation trends, as well as to provide for earnings growth, primarily through internal r&d or through collaborations, acquisitions, jvs, licensing or other arrangements. growth depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs and receive reimbursement from payers. however, balancing current growth, investment for future growth and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. the costs of product development continue to be high, as are regulatory requirements in many therapeutic areas, which may affect the number of candidates we are able to fund as well as the sustainability of the r&d portfolio. decisions made early in the development process of a drug or vaccine candidate can have a substantial impact on the marketing strategy and payer reimbursement possibilities if the candidate receives regulatory approval. we try to plan clinical trials prudently and to reasonably anticipate and address challenges, but there is no assurance that an optimal balance between trial conduct, speed and desired outcome will be achieved.
additionally, our product candidates can fail at any stage of the r&d process, and may not receive regulatory approval even after many years of r&d. we may fail to correctly identify indications for which our science is promising or allocate r&d investment resources efficiently, and failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic areas, product classes, geographic markets and/or licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. further, even if we identify areas with the greatest commercial potential, the scientific approach may not succeed despite the significant investment required for r&d, and the product may not be as competitive as expected because of the highly dynamic market environment and the hurdles in terms of access and reimbursement. for example, our gene therapy product candidates are based on a novel technology with only a few gene therapies approved to date, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of development and the ability to obtain regulatory approval. further, gene therapy may face difficulties in gaining the acceptance of patients or the medical community.
global operations we operate on a global scale and could be affected by currency fluctuations; capital and exchange controls; local and global economic conditions including inflation, recession, volatility and/or lack of liquidity in capital markets; expropriation and other restrictive government actions; changes in intellectual property; legal protections and remedies; trade regulations; tax laws and regulations; and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products, as well as impacts of political or civil unrest or military action, including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine and its economic consequences, geopolitical instability, terrorist activity, unstable governments and legal systems, inter-governmental disputes, public health outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters or disruptions related to climate change.
some emerging market countries may be particularly vulnerable to periods of financial or political instability or significant currency fluctuations or may have limited resources for healthcare spending. as a result of these and other factors, our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable. additionally, local economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of payers, as well as our distributors, customers, suppliers and service providers, to pay for our products, or otherwise to buy necessary inventory or raw materials, and to perform their obligations under agreements with us.
government financing and economic pressures can lead to negative pricing pressure in various markets where governments take an active role in setting prices, access criteria (e.g., through health technology assessments) or other means of cost control. for additional information on government pricing pressures, see the item 1. business-government regulation and price constraints section in this form 10-k.
we continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts and impediments that could impact our business. if trade restrictions or tariffs reduce global economic activity, potential impacts could include declining sales; increased costs; volatility in foreign exchange rates; a decline in the value of our financial assets and pension plan investments; required increases of our pension funding obligations; increased government cost control efforts; delays or failures in the performance of customers, suppliers and other third parties on whom we may depend for the performance of our business; and the risk that our allowance for doubtful accounts may not be adequate.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k we operate in many countries and transact in many different currencies. changes in the value of those currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, or high inflation in those countries, can impact our revenues, costs and expenses and our financial guidance. significant portions of our revenues, costs and expenses, as well as our substantial international net assets, are exposed to exchange rate changes. 58% of our total 2022 revenues were derived from international operations, including 26% from europe and 20% from japan, china and the rest of the asia pacific region. future changes in exchange rates or economic conditions and the impact they may have on our results of operations, financial condition or business are difficult to predict. for additional information about our exposure to foreign currency risk, see the analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk section within md&a.
in addition, our borrowing, pension benefit and postretirement benefit obligations and interest-bearing investments are subject to risk from changes in interest and exchange rates. the risks related to interest-bearing investments and borrowings and the measures we have taken to help contain them are discussed in the analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk section within md&a and note 7e. for additional details on critical accounting estimates and assumptions for our benefit plans, see the significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions-benefit plans section within md&a and note 11.
product manufacturing, sales and marketing risks we could encounter difficulties, delays or inefficiencies in our supply chain, product manufacturing and distribution networks, as well as sales or marketing, due to regulatory actions, shut-downs, work stoppages or strikes, approval delays, withdrawals, recalls, penalties, supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we rely on, reputational harm, the impact to our facilities due to health pandemics or natural or man-made disasters, including as a result of climate change, product liability or unanticipated costs. examples of such difficulties or delays include the inability to increase production capacity commensurate with demand; challenges related to component materials to maintain supply and/or appropriate quality standards throughout our supply network and/or comply with applicable regulations; inability to supply certain products due to voluntary product recalls; and supply chain disruptions at our facilities or at a supplier or vendor. in addition, we engage contract manufacturers, and, from time to time, our contract manufacturers may face difficulties or are unable to manufacture our products at the necessary quantity or quality levels.
regulatory agencies periodically inspect our manufacturing facilities, as well as third-party facilities that we rely on, to evaluate compliance with cgmp or other applicable requirements. failure to comply with these requirements may subject us to possible legal or regulatory actions, such as warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product, injunctions, debarment, product recalls, delays or denials of product approvals, import bans or denials of import certifications.
in 2021, pfizer recalled all lots of chantix in the u.s. due to the presence of a nitrosamine, n-nitroso-varenicline, at or above the fda interim acceptable intake limit. we currently also have a voluntary recall across multiple markets and a global pause in shipments of chantix. technical solutions are being pursued to reduce nitrosamine levels in chantix to enable return to market. in response to requests from various regulatory authorities, manufacturers across the pharmaceutical industry, including pfizer, are evaluating their product portfolios for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines. this has led to additional voluntary recalls initiated for other products in 2022, and may lead to additional recalls or other market actions for pfizer products.
collaborations and other relationships with third parties we depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of our products and product candidates and also enter into jvs and other business development transactions. to achieve expected longer-term benefits, we may make substantial upfront payments as part of these transactions, which may negatively impact our earnings or cash flows. we rely heavily on these parties for multiple aspects of our drug development, manufacturing and commercialization activities, but we do not control many aspects of those activities. we also outsource certain services, including activities related to transaction processing, accounting, it, manufacturing, clinical trial recruitment and execution, clinical lab services, non-clinical research, safety services, integrated facilities management and other areas. failure by one or more of the third-party collaborators, service providers and others to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations or to meet their contractual or other obligations to us; failure of one or more of these parties to comply with applicable laws or regulations; disruptions in one or more of these parties' businesses, including unexpected demand for or shortage of raw materials or components, cyber-attacks on supplier systems, labor disputes or shortage and inclement weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters or pandemics; or any disruption in the relationships between us and these parties, could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing or commercialization of our products and product candidates, expose us to suboptimal quality of service delivery or deliverables, result in repercussions such as missed deadlines or other timeliness issues, erroneous data and supply disruptions, and could also result in non-compliance with legal or regulatory requirements or industry standards or subject us to reputational harm, all with potential negative implications for our product pipeline and business. further, our alliance revenues will be adversely affected by the termination or expiration of collaboration and co-promotion agreements that we have entered into and that we may enter into from time to time.
counterfeit products our reputation, in-line and pipeline portfolios render our medicines and vaccines prime targets for counterfeiters. counterfeits pose a significant risk to patient health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured-often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected, and unsanitary sites-as well as the lack of regulation of their contents. failure to mitigate this threat could adversely impact pfizer's patients, potentially causing them harm. this situation, in turn, may result in the loss of patient confidence in the pfizer name and in the integrity of our medicines and vaccines, and potentially impact our business through lost sales, product recalls, and possible litigation.
the prevalence of counterfeit medicines is an industry-wide issue due to a variety of factors, including the adoption of e-commerce. the increased adoption during the covid-19 pandemic further exposed consumers to fake prescription treatments via the internet as access to traditional brick and mortar pharmacies or authorized full-service internet pharmacies that offer authentic treatments may have been hindered. the internet exposes patients to greater risk as it is a preferred vehicle for dangerous counterfeit offers and scams that target unsuspecting consumers. traffic to these generally deceptive pharmacy sites is largely driven by misplaced trust in sophisticated internet retailers and social media offers coupled with the convenience e-commerce affords consumers. counterfeiters generally target any medicine or vaccine boasting strong demand and we have observed heightened counterfeit and fraud attempts to our internal medicine portfolio, as well as products utilized in the treatment of covid-19.
we consistently invest in an enterprise-wide strategy to aggressively combat counterfeit threats by educating patients and health care providers about the risks, investing in innovative technologies to detect and disrupt sophisticated internet offers and scams, proactively monitoring and pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k interdicting supply with the help of law enforcement, and advising legislators and regulators. however, our efforts and those of others may not be entirely successful, and the presence of counterfeit medicines may continue to increase.
risks related to government regulation and legal proceedings:
pricing and reimbursement u.s. and international governmental regulations that mandate price controls or limitations on patient access to our products or establish prices paid by government entities or programs for our products impact our business, and our future results could be adversely affected by changes in such regulations or policies. the adoption of restrictive price controls in new jurisdictions, more restrictive controls in existing jurisdictions or the failure to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing could also adversely impact revenue. we expect pricing pressures will continue globally.
in the u.s., pharmaceutical product pricing is subject to government and public scrutiny and calls for reform, and many of our products are subject to increasing pricing pressures as a result. we expect to see continued focus by the federal government on regulating pricing which could result in legislative and regulatory changes designed to control costs. for example, in august 2022, the ira was signed into law, which, among other things, requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with medicare, imposes rebates under medicare part b and medicare part d to penalize price increases that outpace inflation, and replaces the part d coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program. some states have implemented, and others are considering, patient access constraints or cost cutting under the medicaid program, and some are considering measures that would apply to broader segments of their populations that are not medicaid-eligible. state legislatures also have continued to focus on addressing drug costs, generally by increasing price transparency or limiting drug price increases. measures to regulate prices or payment for pharmaceutical products, including legislation on drug importation, could adversely affect our business. for additional information on u.s. pricing and reimbursement, see the item 1. business-government regulation and price constraints section in this form 10-k.
we encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most other countries in which we operate. in certain markets, such as in eu member states, the u.k., japan, china, canada and south korea, governments have significant power as large single payers to regulate prices, access criteria, or impose other means of cost control, particularly as a result of recent global financing pressures. for example, the qce and vbp tender process in china has resulted in significant price cuts for off-patent medicines. for additional information regarding these government initiatives, see the item 1. business-government regulation and price constraints section in this form 10-k. we anticipate that these and similar initiatives will continue to increase pricing pressures in china and elsewhere in the future. in addition, in many countries, with respect to our vaccines, we participate in a tender process for selection in national immunization programs. failure to secure participation in national immunization programs or to obtain acceptable pricing in the tender process could adversely affect our business. we also anticipate pricing pressures will be amplified by covid-19 induced budget deficits and focus on pricing for covid-19 treatments and vaccines.
u.s. healthcare regulation the u.s. healthcare industry is highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes. any significant efforts at the u.s. federal or state levels to reform the healthcare system by changing the way healthcare is provided or funded could have a material impact on us. for additional information on u.s. healthcare regulation, see the item 1. business--government regulation and price constraints section in this form 10-k.
other u.s. federal or state legislative or regulatory action and/or policy efforts could adversely affect our business, including, among others, general budget control actions, changes in patent laws, the importation of prescription drugs to the u.s. at prices that are regulated by foreign governments, revisions to reimbursement of biopharmaceuticals under government programs that could reference international prices or require new discounts, limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders, or the use of comparative effectiveness methodologies that could be implemented in a manner that focuses primarily on cost differences and minimizes the therapeutic differences among pharmaceutical products and restricts access to innovative medicines.
a reduction of u.s. federal spending on entitlement programs, including medicare and medicaid, may affect payment for our products or services provided using our products. any other significant spending reductions or cost controls affecting medicare, medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs that may be implemented could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
development, regulatory approval and marketing of products the discovery and development of drugs, vaccines and biological products are time consuming, costly and unpredictable. the outcome is inherently uncertain and involves a high degree of risk due to the following factors, among others:
•the process from early discovery to design and adequate implementation of clinical trials to regulatory approval can take many years.
•product candidates can and do fail at any stage of the process, including as the result of unfavorable pre-clinical and clinical trial results, or unfavorable new pre-clinical or clinical data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical or clinical data, including results that may not support further clinical development of the product candidate or indication.
•we may need to amend our clinical trial protocols or conduct additional clinical trials under certain circumstances, for example, to further assess appropriate dosage or collect additional safety data.
•we may not be able to meet anticipated pre-clinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates.
•we may not be able to successfully address all the comments received from regulatory authorities such as the fda and the ema, or be able to obtain approval for new products and indications from regulators.
regulatory approvals of our products depend on myriad factors, including regulatory determinations as to the product's safety and efficacy. in the context of public health emergencies like the covid-19 pandemic, regulators evaluate various factors and criteria to potentially allow for marketing authorization on an emergency or conditional basis. additionally, clinical trial and other product data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments by regulatory authorities. as a result of regulatory interpretations and assessments or other developments that occur during the review process, and even after a product is authorized or approved for marketing, a product's commercial potential could be adversely affected by potential emerging concerns or regulatory decisions regarding or impacting labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters, including decisions relating to emerging developments regarding potential product impurities.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k we may not be able to receive or maintain favorable recommendations by technical or advisory committees, such as the acip or any fda advisory committee that may be convened to review our applications such as euas, ndas or blas, which may impact the potential marketing and use of our products. further, claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety and efficacy of in-line products and product candidates can negatively impact product sales, and potentially lead to product recalls or withdrawals, including regulator-directed risk evaluations and assessments, and/or consumer fraud, product liability and other litigation and claims. further regulatory agency requirements may result in a more challenging, expensive and lengthy regulatory approval process than anticipated due to requests for, among other things, additional or more extensive clinical trials prior to granting approval, or increased post-approval requirements. for these and other reasons discussed in this risk factors section, we may not obtain the approvals we expect within the timeframe we anticipate, or at all.
post-authorization/approval data as a condition to granting marketing authorization or approval of a product, the fda may require additional clinical trials or other studies. the results generated in these trials could result in the loss of marketing approval, changes in labeling, and/or new or increased concerns about the side effects, efficacy or safety. regulatory agencies in countries outside the u.s. often have similar regulations and may impose comparable requirements. post-marketing studies and clinical trials, whether conducted by us or by others, whether mandated by regulatory agencies or conducted voluntarily, and other emerging data about products, such as adverse event reports, may also adversely affect the availability or commercial potential of our products. further, if safety or efficacy concerns are raised about a product in the same class as one of our products, those concerns could implicate the entire class; and this, in turn, could have an adverse impact on the availability or commercial viability of our product(s) as well as other products in the class. the potential regulatory and commercial implications of post-marketing study results typically cannot immediately be determined. for example, in december 2021, in light of the results from the completed required postmarketing safety study of xeljanz, oral surveillance (a3921133), the u.s. label for xeljanz was revised. in addition, in november 2022, the ema concluded their assessment of jak inhibitors authorized for inflammatory diseases in the eu, including xeljanz and cibinqo, and recommended that risk minimization measures, including special warnings and precautions for use, should be revised and harmonized for all such jak inhibitors. the resulting label changes are expected to be finalized in the first quarter of 2023. we continue to work with regulatory agencies worldwide to review the full results and analyses of oral surveillance and their impact on product labeling.
the terms of our eua for comirnaty require that we conduct post-observational studies to evaluate the association between the pfizer-biontech covid-19 vaccine, and pfizer-biontech covid-19 vaccine, bivalent, and a pre-specified list of adverse events of special interest, including myocarditis and pericarditis, along with deaths and hospitalizations, and severe covid-19. the required study populations include individuals specified in our december 2022 authorization letter (reissued) as well as populations of interest, such as healthcare workers, pregnant women, immunocompromised individuals and subpopulations with specific comorbidities. additionally, in relation to the fda approval for comirnaty, we are required to complete certain postmarketing study requirements and commitments through 2024 and beyond. the terms of our eua for paxlovid require monitoring of a genomic database(s) for the emergence of global viral variants of sars-cov-2 and providing reports to the fda on a monthly basis summarizing any findings. also, the fda may require pfizer to assess the activity of the authorized paxlovid against any global sars-cov-2 variant(s) of interest and complete certain other analyses and studies as identified in our october 2022 eua.
legal matters we are and may be involved in various legal proceedings, including patent litigation, product liability and other product-related litigation, including personal injury, consumer, off-label promotion, securities, antitrust and breach of contract claims, commercial and other asserted and unasserted matters, environmental, government and tax investigations, employment, tax litigation and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. litigation is inherently unpredictable, and excessive verdicts do occur. although we believe that our claims and defenses in matters in which we are a defendant are substantial, we could in the future incur judgments, enter into settlements or revise our expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters, and such developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
claims against our patents include challenges to the coverage and/or validity of our patents on various products or processes. there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these matters, and a loss in any of these cases could result in a loss of patent protection for the product at issue, which could lead to a significant loss of sales of that product and could materially affect future results of operations.
we are also involved in government investigations that arise in the ordinary course of our business. there continues to be a significant volume of government investigations and litigation against companies operating in our industry, both in the u.s. and around the world. government investigations and actions could result in substantial criminal and civil fines and/or criminal charges, limitations on our ability to conduct business in applicable jurisdictions, corporate integrity or deferred prosecution agreements and other disciplinary actions, as well as reputational harm, including as a result of increased public interest in the matter. in addition, in a qui tam lawsuit in which the government declines to intervene, the relator may still pursue a suit for the recovery of civil damages and penalties on behalf of the government.
our sales and marketing activities, the pricing of our products and other aspects of our business are subject to extensive regulation under the ffdca, the medicaid drug rebate program, the fcpa and other federal and state statutes, including those discussed elsewhere in this form 10-k, as well as the anti-kickback statute, anti-bribery laws, the false claims act, and similar laws in international jurisdictions. in addition to the potential for changes to relevant laws, the compliance and enforcement landscape is informed by government litigation, settlement precedent, advisory opinions, and special fraud alerts. our approach to certain practices may evolve over time in light of these types of developments. requirements or industry standards in the u.s. and certain jurisdictions abroad require pharmaceutical manufacturers to track and disclose financial interactions with healthcare professionals and healthcare providers and can increase government and public scrutiny of such financial interactions. if an interaction is found to be improper, government enforcement actions and penalties could result. like many companies in our industry, we have from time-to-time received, and may receive in the future, inquiries and subpoenas and other types of information demands from government authorities. in addition, we have been subject to claims and other actions related to our business activities, brought by governmental authorities, as well as consumers and private payers. in some instances, we have incurred significant expense, civil payments, fines and other adverse consequences as a result of these claims, actions and inquiries. such claims, actions and inquiries may relate to alleged non-compliance with laws and regulations associated with the dissemination of product (approved and unapproved) information, potentially resulting in government enforcement action and reputational damage. this risk may be heightened by digital marketing, including social media, mobile applications and blogger outreach.
in connection with the resolution of a u.s. government investigation concerning independent copay assistance organizations that provide financial assistance to medicare patients, in 2018, we entered into a corporate integrity agreement (cia) with the office of the inspector general of the hhs, which is effective for a period of five years. in the cia, we agreed to implement and/or maintain certain compliance program elements to promote compliance with federal healthcare program requirements. breaches of the cia could result in severe sanctions against us.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k we and certain of our subsidiaries are also subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business relating to legal claims and proceedings, including environmental contingencies. amounts recorded for legal and environmental contingencies can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. while we have accrued for worldwide legal liabilities, no guarantee exists that additional costs will not be incurred or additional payments will not be required beyond the amounts accrued.
for additional information, including information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved in, see note 16a.
risks related to intellectual property, technology and security:
intellectual property protection our success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. we rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of intellectual property, including patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright, trade secret and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. if we fail to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection, we may not be able to prevent third parties from launching generic or biosimilar versions of our branded products, from using our proprietary technologies or from marketing products that are very similar or identical to ours. our currently pending or future patent applications may not result in issued patents or be granted on a timely basis. similarly, any term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all. in addition, our issued patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against claims regarding validity, enforceability, scope and effective term made by parties with similar technologies or products or provide us with any competitive advantage, including exclusivity in a particular product area.
further, legal or regulatory action by various stakeholders or governments could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection for or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property related to our products. the wto continues to address the role of intellectual property in the context of the covid-19 pandemic response. this includes the june 2022 ministerial decision on the agreement on trade-related aspects of intellectual property rights, which seeks to make it easier for certain wto members to issue a compulsory license on covid-19 vaccines, and discussions continue on whether to expand that decision to covid-19 therapeutics and diagnostics.
the scope of our patent claims also may vary between countries, as individual countries have distinct patent laws, and our ability to enforce our patents depends on the laws of each country, its enforcement practices, and the extent to which certain countries engage in policies or practices that weaken a country's intellectual property framework (e.g., laws or regulations that promote or provide broad discretion to issue a compulsory license). in countries that provide some form of regulatory exclusivity, mechanisms exist permitting some form of challenge to our patents by competitors or generic drug marketers prior to or immediately following the expiration of such regulatory exclusivity, and generic companies are employing aggressive strategies, such as "at risk" launches that challenge our patent rights. most of the suits involve claims by generic drug manufacturers that patents covering our products, uses, processes or dosage forms are invalid and/or do not cover the product of the generic or biosimilar drug manufacturer. independent actions have been filed alleging that our assertions of, or attempts to enforce, patent rights with respect to certain products constitute unfair competition and/or violations of antitrust laws. such claims may also be brought as counterclaims to actions we bring to enforce our patents. we are also party to other patent damages suits in various jurisdictions pursuant to which generic drug manufacturers, payers, governments or other parties are seeking damages from us for alleged delay of generic entry. we also are often involved in other proceedings, such as inter partes review, post-grant review, re-examination or opposition proceedings, before the u.s. patent and trademark office, the european patent office, or other foreign counterparts relating to our intellectual property or the intellectual property rights of others. also, if one of our patents or a competitors' patents is found to be invalid in such proceedings, generic or biosimilar products could be introduced into the market resulting in the erosion of sales of our existing products. for additional information, including information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved, see note 16a1. further, if we are unable to maintain our existing license agreements or other agreements pursuant to which third parties grant us rights to intellectual property, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.
we currently hold trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending in many jurisdictions, any of which may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the trademark. as our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks and trade dress to differentiate us from our competitors increases and, as a result, our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our rights. we seek to protect our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, by requiring our employees, consultants, other advisors and other third parties to execute proprietary information and confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their relationship with us. despite these efforts and precautions, we may be unable to prevent a third-party from copying or otherwise obtaining and using our trade secrets or our other intellectual property without authorization, and legal remedies may not adequately compensate us for the damages caused by such unauthorized use. further, others may independently and lawfully develop substantially similar or identical products that circumvent our intellectual property by means of alternative designs or processes or otherwise.
third-party intellectual property claims a properly functioning intellectual property regime is essential to our business model. we are committed to respecting the valid intellectual property rights of other companies, but the patent granting process is imperfect. accordingly, the pursuit of valid business opportunities may require us to challenge intellectual property rights held by others that we believe were improperly granted, including challenges through negotiation and litigation, and such challenges may not always be successful.
part of our business depends upon identifying biosimilar opportunities and launching products to take advantage of those opportunities, which may involve litigation, associated costs and time delays, and may ultimately not be successful. these opportunities may arise in situations where patent protection of equivalent branded products has expired or been declared invalid, or where products do not infringe the patents of others. in some circumstances we may take action, such as litigation, asserting that our products do not infringe patents of existing products or that those patents are invalid or unenforceable in order to achieve a "first-to-market" or early market position for our products.
third parties may claim that our products infringe one or more patents owned or controlled by them. claims of intellectual property infringement can be costly and time-consuming to resolve, may delay or prevent product launches, and may result in significant royalty payments or damages or potential licensing agreements. for example, our r&d in a therapeutic area may not be first and another company or entity may have obtained relevant patents before us. we are involved in patent-related disputes with third parties over our attempts to market pharmaceutical products, including related to comirnaty and paxlovid. as we expand our mrna portfolio, such patent-related disputes may increase. once we have final pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k regulatory approval of the related products, we may decide to commercially market these products even though associated legal proceedings (including any appeals) have not been resolved (i.e., "at-risk" launch). if one of our marketed products (or a product of our collaboration/licensing partners) is found to infringe valid patent rights of a third party, such third party may be awarded significant damages or royalty payments, or we may be prevented from further sales of that product. such damages may be enhanced as much as three-fold if we or one of our subsidiaries is found to have willfully infringed valid patent rights of a third party.
information technology and security significant disruptions of it systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our business. we extensively rely upon sophisticated it systems (including cloud services) to operate our business. we produce, collect, process, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information (including personal information and intellectual property), and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of such confidential information. the company develops and operates digital systems to engage patients, healthcare providers, governments, payers and supply chain partners to conduct business and deliver medicines, digital diagnostics, clinical trials and digital therapies. such systems include mobile applications, wearable devices, internet websites and other digital technologies that may be targets of attack. we have outsourced significant elements of our operations, including significant elements of our it infrastructure and, as a result, we manage relationships with many third-party providers who may or could have access to our confidential information. we rely on technology developed, supplied and/or maintained by third-parties that may make us vulnerable to "supply chain" style cyber-attacks. further, technology and security vulnerabilities of acquisitions, business partners or third-party providers may not be identified during due diligence or soon enough to mitigate exploitation. the size and complexity of our it and information security systems, and those of our third-party providers (and the large amounts of confidential information that is present on them), make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by, but not limited to, our employees, contingent workers, service providers, business partners, customers or malicious attackers. as a global pharmaceutical company, our systems and assets are the target of frequent cyber-attacks. such cyber-attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including, but not limited to, industrial espionage, extortion, property destruction and personal information theft) and expertise, including, but not limited to, organized criminal groups, "hacktivists," nation states, employees, business partners and others. due to the nature of some of these attacks, there is a risk that they may remain undetected for a period of time. while we have invested in the protection of data and it and develop and maintain systems and controls, our efforts may not prevent service interruptions, extortion, theft of confidential, personal or proprietary information, compromise of data integrity or unauthorized information disclosure. any technology service interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of personal data, confidential information or intellectual property. such incidents could require disclosure to government authorities and/or regulators and could require notification to impacted individuals and any incident could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us. we maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems.
general risks business development activities one enabler of our growth strategy is to expand our in-line products and product pipeline through various forms of business development, which can include alliances, licenses, jvs, collaborations, equity- or debt-based investments, dispositions, divestments, mergers and acquisitions. the success of our business development activities is dependent on the availability and accurate evaluation of appropriate opportunities, competition from others that are seeking similar opportunities and our ability to successfully identify, structure and execute transactions, including the ability to satisfy closing conditions in the anticipated timeframes or at all, and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and develop and commercialize acquired products. pursuing, executing and consummating these transactions may require substantial investment, which may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which could result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings. the success of our business development transactions depends on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction and is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. unsuccessful clinical trials, regulatory hurdles and commercialization challenges may adversely impact revenue and income contribution from acquired products and businesses. we may fail to generate expected revenue growth for an acquired product or business or we may fail to achieve anticipated cost savings within expected time frames or at all. in certain transactions, we may agree to provide certain transition services for an extended period of time, which may divert our focus and resources that would otherwise be invested into maintaining or growing our business. similarly, the accretive impact anticipated from certain transactions may not be realized or may be delayed. integration of these products or businesses may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business, including third-party relationships, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. further, while we seek to mitigate risks and liabilities through, among other things, due diligence, we may be exposed to risks and liabilities as a result of business development transactions. there is no assurance that we will be able to acquire attractive businesses or enter into strategic business relationships on favorable terms ahead of our competitors, or that such acquisitions or strategic business development relationships will be accretive to earnings or improve our competitive position.
where we invest in or otherwise obtain debt or equity securities of third parties in connection with business development transactions, such as our ownership interest in haleon, we may be unable to direct or influence the management, operational decisions and policies of such companies and the value of the acquired securities will fluctuate and may lose value. any future distribution or sale of such securities will be subject to prevailing market conditions and other factors, including the size of our ownership stake, at the time of such distribution or sale and there is no assurance that such securities will ultimately be sold at an attractive price or at all.
covid-19
covid-19 has impacted and may continue to impact our business, operations and financial condition and results. covid-19-related risks and challenges for our business, include, among others: decreased product demand, due to reduced new prescriptions or refills of existing prescriptions and reduced demand for products used in procedures, or as a result of unemployment or increased focus on covid-19 vaccination; impacts due to travel limitations and mobility restrictions in some jurisdictions; manufacturing disruptions and delays; supply chain disruptions and shortages, including challenges related to reliance on third-party suppliers resulting in reduced availability of materials or components used in the development, manufacturing, distribution or administration of our products; disruptions to pipeline development and clinical trials, including challenges related to enrolling certain clinical trials and accruing a sufficient number of cases in certain clinical trials; challenges presented by reallocating resources to assist in responding to covid-19; costs associated with covid-19, including increased supply chain costs and additional r&d costs incurred in our efforts to develop comirnaty and paxlovid; challenges related to our business pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k development initiatives; interruptions or delays in the operations of regulatory authorities, which may delay potential approval of new products we are developing, potential label expansions for existing products and the launch of newly-approved products; challenges operating in a virtual or hybrid work environment; increased cyber threats and attack attempts; challenges related to our intellectual property, both domestically and internationally, including in response to any pressure, or legal or regulatory action by, various stakeholders or governments that could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection for or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property rights related to our products, including comirnaty and paxlovid; challenges related to conducting oversight and monitoring of regulated activities in a virtual or hybrid environment; challenges related to our human capital and talent development; challenges related to vaccine mandates; and other challenges presented by disruptions to our normal operations in response to covid-19, as well as uncertainties regarding the impact of covid-19, and government or regulatory actions to contain the virus or control the supply of medicines and vaccines.
the extent to which covid-19 impacts our business going forward will depend on many factors, and we have made certain assumptions regarding covid-19 for purposes of our operational planning and financial projections, including assumptions regarding the global macroeconomic impact of covid-19, as well as the demand, revenues, supply, contracts and commercial markets for our covid-19 products, which remain dynamic. despite careful tracking and planning, we are unable to accurately predict the extent of the impact of covid-19 on our business, operations and financial condition and results due to the uncertainty of future developments. in particular, we believe the ultimate impact on our business, operations and financial condition and results will be affected by, among other things, the emergence, infectiousness and severity of the predominant strains of the sar-cov-2 virus, the safety, efficacy, availability and public adherence of vaccines, boosters and treatments for covid-19, proportion of the population that receives a vaccine or treatment for covid-19, patient demand and market share for comirnaty and paxlovid, timing for delivery, and potential other amendments to the terms, of contracted doses or treatment courses to certain markets, timing and effectiveness for the expected transition to the commercial market for comirnaty and paxlovid, the global macroeconomic impact of covid-19 and governmental responses or regulatory actions to contain the virus or control supply of medicines and vaccines. covid-19 may also affect our business, operations or financial condition and results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider as presenting significant risks.
we also face risks and uncertainties related to our efforts to develop and commercialize our covid-19 products, as well as challenges related to their manufacturing, supply and distribution, including, among others:
•uncertainties inherent in r&d, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates, as well as risks associated with pre-clinical and clinical data (including phase 1/2/3 or phase 4 data for comirnaty, any monovalent, bivalent or variant-adapted vaccine candidates or any other vaccine candidate in the bnt162 program or paxlovid or any future covid-19 treatment) in any of our studies in pediatrics, adolescents or adults or real world evidence, including the possibility of unfavorable new pre-clinical, clinical or safety data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical, clinical or safety data or further information regarding the quality of pre-clinical, clinical or safety data, including by audit or inspection;
•the ability to produce comparable clinical or other results for comirnaty, any monovalent, bivalent or variant-adapted vaccine candidates or other vaccines that may result from the bnt162 program, paxlovid or any future covid-19 treatment or any other covid-19 program, including the rate of effectiveness and/or efficacy, safety and tolerability profile observed to date, in additional analyses of the phase 3 trial for any such products and additional studies, in real-world data studies or in larger, more diverse populations following commercialization;
•the ability of comirnaty, any monovalent, bivalent or variant-adapted vaccine candidates or any future vaccine to prevent, or paxlovid or any future covid-19 treatment to be effective against, covid-19 caused by emerging virus variants;
•the risk that demand for any products may be reduced, no longer exist or not meet expectations, which may lead to excess inventory on-hand and/or in the channel or reduced revenues;
•challenges related to a transition to the commercial market for any of our products;
•uncertainties related to the public's adherence to vaccines, boosters and treatments;
•the risk that more widespread use of comirnaty or paxlovid will lead to new information about efficacy, safety or other developments, including the risk of additional adverse reactions, some of which may be serious;
•the risk that pre-clinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by regulatory authorities;
•whether and when additional data from the bnt162 mrna vaccine program, paxlovid or other covid-19 programs will be published in scientific journal publications and, if so, when and with what modifications and interpretations;
•whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from existing or future pre-clinical and clinical studies;
•whether and when submissions to request emergency use or conditional marketing authorizations for comirnaty or any future vaccines in additional populations, for a potential booster dose for comirnaty, any monovalent or bivalent vaccine candidates or any potential future vaccines (including potential future annual boosters or re-vaccinations), and/or biologics license and/or eua applications or amendments to any such applications may be filed in particular jurisdictions for comirnaty, any monovalent or bivalent vaccine candidates or any other potential vaccines that may arise from the bnt162 program, including a potential variant-based, higher dose, or bivalent vaccine or any other potential vaccines, and if obtained, whether or when such eua or licenses, or existing euas, will expire or terminate;
•whether and when submissions to request emergency use or conditional marketing authorizations for paxlovid or any future covid-19 treatment and/or any drug applications and/or eua applications or amendments to any such applications for any indication for paxlovid or any future covid-19 treatment may be filed in particular jurisdictions, and if obtained, whether or when such eua or licenses, or existing euas, will expire or terminate;
•whether and when any application that may be pending or filed for comirnaty, any monovalent, bivalent or variant-adapted vaccine candidates or other vaccines that may result from the bnt162 program, paxlovid or any future covid-19 treatment or any other covid-19 program may be approved by particular regulatory authorities, which will depend on myriad factors, including making a determination as to whether the vaccine's or drug's benefits outweigh its known risks and determination of the vaccine's or drug's efficacy and, if approved, whether it will be commercially successful;
•decisions by regulatory authorities impacting labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of a vaccine or drug, including the authorization or approval of products or therapies developed by other companies;
•disruptions in the relationships between us and our collaboration partners, clinical trial sites or third-party suppliers, including our relationship with biontech;
•the risk that other companies may produce superior or competitive products;

•risks related to the availability of raw materials to manufacture or test any such products;
•challenges related to our vaccine's formulation, dosing schedule and attendant storage, distribution and administration requirements, including risks related to storage and handling after delivery by us;
•challenges and risks related to medication errors such as prescribing or dispensing the wrong strength, improper dosing and self-administration errors;
•the risk that we may not be able to successfully develop other vaccine formulations, booster doses or potential future annual boosters or re-vaccinations or new variant-based or next generation vaccines or next generation covid-19 treatments;
•the risk that we may not be able to recoup costs associated with our r&d and manufacturing efforts;
•risks associated with any changes in the way we approach or provide research funding for the bnt162 program, paxlovid or any other covid-19 program;
•challenges and risks associated with the pace of our development programs;
•the risk that we may not be able to maintain manufacturing capacity or access to logistics or supply channels commensurate with global demand for our covid-19 products, which would negatively impact our ability to supply our covid-19 products within the projected time periods;
•risks related to our ability to achieve our revenue forecasts for comirnaty and paxlovid or any potential future covid-19 vaccines or treatments;
•whether and when additional supply or purchase agreements will be reached or existing agreements will be completed or renegotiated;
•uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain recommendations from vaccine or treatment advisory or technical committees and other public health authorities and uncertainties regarding the commercial impact of any such recommendations;
•pricing and access challenges for such products;
•challenges related to public confidence in, or awareness of comirnaty or paxlovid, including challenges driven by misinformation or disinformation, access, concerns about clinical data integrity, or prescriber and pharmacy education;
•uncertainties around future changes to applicable healthcare policies and guidelines issued by the u.s. federal government in connection with the declared termination of the federal government's covid-19 public health emergency as of may 11, 2023;
•trade restrictions;
•the risk that we may owe third-party royalties or have other claims asserted related to comirnaty or paxlovid; and
•competitive developments.
climate change and sustainability pfizer is subject to transitional and physical risks related to climate change. transitional risks include, for example, a disorderly global transition away from fossil fuels that may result in increased energy prices; customer preference for low or no-carbon products; stakeholder pressure to decarbonize assets; or new legal or regulatory requirements that result in new or expanded carbon pricing, taxes, restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, and increased greenhouse gas disclosure and transparency. these risks could increase operating costs, including the cost of our electricity and energy use, or other compliance costs. physical risks to our operations include water stress and drought; flooding and storm surge; wildfires; extreme temperatures and storms, which could impact pharmaceutical production, increase costs, or disrupt supply chains of medicines for patients. our supply chain is likely subject to these same transitional and physical risks and would likely pass along any increased costs to us. we do not anticipate that these risks will have a material financial impact to the company in the near term.
in june 2022, pfizer established our fourth consecutive greenhouse gas reduction goal with new near- and long-term targets to achieve the science based target initiative's voluntary net-zero standard by 2040. while we are working to develop emission reduction plans to achieve our voluntary climate goals, various factors, including the long time horizons and commercial availability of new technologies to enable the emission reductions, in the time and scale needed, may present inherent risk in our ability to meet these goals. additionally, success may depend on the actions of governments and third parties and may require, among other things, significant capital investment; research and development; and government policies and incentives to foster innovation and reduce costs of technologies that may not currently exist or be available at scale.
governmental authorities, non-governmental organizations, customers, investors, employees, and other stakeholders are increasingly sensitive to esg matters, such as equitable access to medicines and vaccines, product quality and safety, diversity, equity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, value chain environmental and social due diligence, corporate governance and transparency, and addressing human capital factors in our operations. in addition, governments and the public expect companies like us to report on our business practices with respect to human rights, responsible sourcing and environmental impact, as well as the actions of our third-party contractors and suppliers around the world. this focus on esg matters may lead to new expectations or requirements that could result in increased costs associated with research, development, manufacture, or distribution of our products. our ability to compete could also be affected by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as growing demand for companies to establish validated net zero targets or offer more sustainable products. while we strive to improve our esg performance and meet our voluntary goals, if we do not meet, or are perceived not to meet, our goals or other stakeholder expectations in key esg areas, we risk negative stakeholder reaction, including from proxy advisory services, as well as damage to our brand and reputation, reduced demand for our products or other negative impacts on our business and operations. while we monitor a broad range of esg matters, we cannot be certain that we will manage such matters successfully, or that we will successfully meet the expectations of investors, employees, consumers, governments and other stakeholders.
market fluctuations in our equity and other investments changes in the fair value of certain equity investments need to be recognized in net income that may result in increased volatility of our income. for additional information, see note 4 and the analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk section within md&a.
our pension benefit obligations and postretirement benefit obligations are subject to volatility from changes in the fair value of equity investments and other investment risk in the assets funding these plans. for additional information, see the significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions-benefit plans section within md&a and note 11.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k cost and expense control and nonordinary events growth in costs and expenses, changes in product and geographic mix and the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, internal reorganizations, product withdrawals, recalls and other unusual events that could result from evolving business strategies, evaluation of asset realization and organizational restructuring could adversely affect future results. such risks and uncertainties include, in particular, our ability to realize the projected benefits of our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, other corporate strategic initiatives and any acquisitions, divestitures or other initiatives, as well as potential disruption of ongoing business.
intangible assets, goodwill and equity-method investments our consolidated balance sheet contains significant amounts of intangible assets, including ipr&d and goodwill. for ipr&d assets, the risk of failure is significant, and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield successful products. our ability to realize value on these significant investments is often contingent upon, among other things, regulatory approvals and market acceptance. as such, ipr&d assets may become impaired and/or be written off in the future if the associated r&d effort is abandoned or is curtailed. for goodwill, all reporting units can confront events and circumstances that can lead to a goodwill impairment charge such as, among other things, unanticipated competition, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, a significant adverse change in legal matters or in the business climate and/or a failure to replace the contributions of products that lose exclusivity. our other intangible assets, including developed technology rights and brands, face similar risks for impairment. our equity-method investments may also be subject to impairment charges that may result from the occurrence of unexpected adverse events or management decisions that impact our estimates of expected cash flows to be generated from these investments. we may recognize impairment charges as a result of a weak economic environment, events related to particular customers or asset types, challenging market conditions or decisions by management. any such impairment charge of our intangible assets, goodwill and equity-method investments may be significant. for additional details, see the significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions-asset impairments section within md&a.
changes in laws and accounting standards our future results could be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, changes in accounting standards, tax laws and regulations internationally and in the u.s. (including, among other things, the recently enacted ira, changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, the adoption of global minimum taxation requirements outside the u.s. and potential changes to existing tax law by the current u.s. presidential administration and congress), competition laws, privacy laws and environmental laws in the u.s. and other countries. for additional information on changes in tax laws or rates or accounting standards, see the provision/(benefit) for taxes on income and new accounting standards sections within md&a and note 1b.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations general the following md&a is intended to assist the reader in understanding our financial condition and results of operations, including an evaluation of the amounts and certainty of cash flows from operations and from outside sources, and is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data in this form 10-k. discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found within md&a in our 2021 form 10-k.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k overview of our performance, operating environment, strategy and outlook financial highlights--the following is a summary of certain financial performance metrics (in billions, except per share data):
2022 total revenues--$100.3 billion       2022 net cash flow from operations--$29.3 billion an increase of 23% compared to 2021       a decrease of 10% compared to 2021
2022 reported diluted eps--$5.47          2022 adjusted diluted eps (non-gaap)--$6.58*
an increase of 42% compared to 2021       an increase of 62% compared to 2021
*for additional information regarding adjusted diluted eps (which is a non-gaap financial measure), including reconciliations of certain gaap reported to non-gaap adjusted information, see the non-gaap financial measure: adjusted income section within md&a.
references to operational variances pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates. although foreign exchange rate changes are part of our business, they are not within our control and since they can mask positive or negative trends in the business, we believe presenting operational variances excluding these foreign exchange changes provides useful information to evaluate our results.
our business and strategy--pfizer inc. is a research-based, global biopharmaceutical company. we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. see the item 1. business--about pfizer section in this form 10-k. pfizer is committed to working towards equitable and affordable access to our medicines and vaccines for people around the world. as a science-driven global biopharmaceutical company, we remain focused on advancing our pipeline, supporting our marketed brands and deploying capital responsibly, with a focus on initiatives that can help contribute to our long-term revenue and future growth. our ability to fulfill our purpose, breakthroughs that change patients' lives, remains a core focus and underscores our commitment to addressing the needs of society to help sustain long-term value creation for all stakeholders. most of our revenues come from the manufacture and sale of biopharmaceutical products. we believe that our medicines and vaccines provide significant value for healthcare providers and patients and seek to enhance their value by continuously evaluating how we can best collaborate with patients, physicians and payers to support and expand patient access to reliable, affordable healthcare around the world. in addition, we continually seek to expand and broaden our product portfolio offerings through prioritized development of our pipeline and acquisitions targeted at critical unmet patient needs. as a result, our commercial organizational structure and r&d operations are critical to the successful execution of our business strategy. in 2023, we are making additional investments in both r&d and si&a to support pfizer's near- and longer-term growth plans, including to support anticipated new launches, commercial launch of covid-19 products, potential high-value pipeline programs and recently acquired assets.
with the formation of the consumer healthcare jv in 2019, the spin-off of our former upjohn business in the fourth quarter of 2020 and the sale of our meridian subsidiary in the fourth quarter of 2021, pfizer transformed into a more focused, global leader in science-based innovative medicines and vaccines engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide. in the fourth quarter of 2021, we began managing our commercial operations through a global structure consisting of two operating segments: biopharma and pc1. biopharma is the only reportable segment. see note 1a and item 1. business--commercial operations in this form 10-k for additional information. we expect to incur costs of approximately $700 million in connection with separating upjohn, of which approximately 85% has been incurred since inception and through december 31, 2022. these charges include costs and expenses related to separation of legal entities and transaction costs.
beginning in 2019, we took action through our transforming to a more focused company restructuring program to ensure our cost base and support model aligned appropriately with our operating structure. in the third quarter of 2022, we made several organizational changes to further transform our operations to better leverage our expertise in certain areas and in anticipation of potential future new product or indication launches, and in the fourth quarter of 2022, we began taking steps to optimize our end-to-end r&d operations to reduce costs and cycle times as well as to further prioritize our internal r&d portfolio in areas where our capabilities are differentiated while increasing external innovation efforts to leverage an expanding and productive biotech sector. see note 3 for additional information. for a description of savings related to this pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k program, see the costs and expenses--restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives section of this md&a.
r&d: we believe we have a strong pipeline and are well-positioned for future growth. r&d is at the heart of fulfilling our purpose to deliver breakthroughs that change patients' lives as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the therapies that may be the most impactful for patients. innovation, drug discovery and development are critical to our success. in addition to discovering and developing new products, our r&d efforts seek to add value to our existing products by improving their effectiveness and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications. see the item 1. business-research and development section in this form 10-k for our r&d priorities and strategy.
we seek to leverage a strong pipeline, organize around expected operational growth drivers and capitalize on trends creating long-term growth opportunities, including:
•an aging global population that is generating increased demand for innovative medicines and vaccines that address patients' unmet needs; and
•advances in both biological science and platform technologies that are enhancing the delivery of breakthrough new medicines and vaccines.
our business development initiatives--we are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, but also through various business development activities. we view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. we assess our business, assets and scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue to consider business development activities that will help advance our business strategy.
for additional information, including discussion of recent significant business development activities, see note 2.
our 2022 performance revenues--revenues increased $19.0 billion, or 23%, to $100.3 billion in 2022 from $81.3 billion in 2021, reflecting an operational increase of $24.6 billion, or 30%, as well as an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange of $5.5 billion, or 7%. the operational increase was primarily driven by growth from paxlovid and comirnaty.
excluding the impact of paxlovid and comirnaty, revenues increased 2% operationally, reflecting strong growth in the prevnar family, eliquis and the vyndaqel family, as well as revenue from recently acquired products, nurtec odt/vydura and oxbryta, partially offset by declines in xeljanz, chantix/champix, sutent, certain comirnaty-related manufacturing activities performed on behalf of biontech (which are included in the pc1 contract development and manufacturing organization) and ibrance.
the following outlines the components of the net change in revenues:
as of january 31, 2023, on a total company basis, we forecasted revenues in 2023 of $67 billion to $71 billion, reflecting an operational decline of 31% at the midpoint from 2022 results, which we expect will also have an unfavorable impact on income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income. the total company expected revenue declines in 2023 are driven by an expected reduction in sales of our covid-19 products, partially offset by expected operational growth from our non-covid-19 in-line portfolio, anticipated new product launches, and recently acquired products.
see the revenues by geography and revenues--selected product discussion sections within md&a for more information, including a discussion of key drivers of our revenue performance. see also the global economic environment--covid-19 section below for information about our covid-19 products, including expectations for 2023. for information regarding the primary indications or class of certain products, see note 17c.
income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income--the increase in income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income of $10.4 billion, to $34.7 billion in 2022 from $24.3 billion in 2021, was primarily attributable to higher revenues and lower acquired in-process research and development expenses, partially offset by (i) an increase in cost of sales, (ii) net losses on equity securities in 2022 versus net gains on equity securities in 2021, (iii) lower net periodic benefit credits associated with pension and other postretirement plans, and (iv) increases in research and development expenses, selling, informational and administrative expenses, and restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs.
see the analysis of the consolidated statements of income within md&a and note 4 for additional information. see also the global economic environment--covid-19 section below for information about our covid-19 products, including expectations for 2023.
for information on our tax provision and effective tax rate, see the provision/(benefit) for taxes on income section within md&a and note 5.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k our operating environment--we, like other businesses in our industry, are subject to certain industry-specific challenges. these include, among others, the topics listed below. see also the item 1. business--government regulation and price constraints and item 1a. risk factors sections in this form 10-k.
regulatory environment--pipeline productivity--our product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share or to respond to healthcare and innovation trends, as well as to provide for earnings growth. as a result, we devote considerable resources to our r&d activities which, while essential to our growth, incorporate a high degree of risk and cost, including whether a particular product candidate or new indication for an in-line product will achieve the desired clinical endpoint or safety profile, will be approved by regulators or will be successful commercially. clinical trials are conducted to determine, among other things, whether an investigational drug or device is safe and effective for a particular patient population. after a product has been approved or authorized and launched, we continue to monitor its safety as long as it is available to patients, including conducting postmarketing trials, voluntarily or pursuant to a regulatory request. for the entire life of the product, we collect safety data and report safety information to the fda and other regulators. regulatory authorities evaluate potential safety concerns and take any regulatory action deemed necessary and appropriate. such action(s) may include: updating a product's labeling, restricting its use, communicating new safety information or, in rare cases, seeking to suspend or remove a product from the market.
intellectual property rights and collaboration/licensing rights--the loss, expiration or invalidation of intellectual property rights, patent litigation settlements and the expiration of co-promotion and licensing rights can have a material adverse effect on our revenues. certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and we expect certain products to face increased generic competition over the next few years. while additional patent expiries will continue, we expect a moderate impact of reduced revenues due to patent expiries from 2023 through 2025. we anticipate a more significant impact of reduced revenues from patent expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience patent-based expirations. we continue to vigorously defend our patent rights against infringement, and we will continue to support efforts that strengthen worldwide recognition of patent rights while taking necessary steps to help ensure appropriate patient access.
for additional information on patent rights we consider most significant to our business as a whole, see the item 1. business--patents and other intellectual property rights section in this form 10-k. for a discussion of recent developments with respect to patent litigation, see note 16a1.
regulatory environment/pricing and access--government and other payer group pressures--the pricing of medicines and vaccines by pharmaceutical manufacturers and the cost of healthcare, which includes medicines, vaccines, medical services and hospital services, continues to be important to payers, governments, patients, and other stakeholders. federal and state governments and private third-party payers in the u.s. continue to take action to manage the utilization of drugs and cost of drugs, including increasingly employing formularies to control costs by taking into account discounts in connection with decisions about formulary inclusion or favorable formulary placement. we consider a number of factors impacting the pricing of our medicines and vaccines. within the u.s., we often engage with patients, doctors and healthcare plans. we also often provide significant discounts from the list price to insurers, including pbms and mcos. the price that patients pay in the u.s. for prescribed medicines and vaccines is ultimately set by healthcare providers and insurers. governments globally, as well as private third-party payers in the u.s., may use a variety of measures to control costs, including, among others, proposing pricing reform or legislation, employing formularies to control costs, cross country collaboration and procurement, price cuts, mandatory rebates, health technology assessments, forced localization as a condition of market access, "international reference pricing" (i.e., the practice of a country linking its regulated medicine prices to those of other countries), qce processes and vbp. we anticipate that these and similar initiatives will continue to increase pricing and access pressures globally. in the u.s., we expect to see continued focus by congress and the biden administration on regulating pricing, which could result in legislative and regulatory changes designed to control costs, such as the ira that was signed into law in august 2022. we continue to evaluate the impact of the ira on our business, operations and financial condition and results as the full effect of the ira on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain. in addition, changes to the medicaid program or the federal 340b drug pricing program, including legal or legislative developments at the federal or state level with respect to the 340b program, could have a material impact on our business. for additional information, see the item 1. business--pricing pressures and managed care organizations and --government regulation and price constraints and the item 1a. risk factors--pricing and reimbursement sections in this form 10-k.
product supply--we periodically encounter supply delays, disruptions and shortages, including due to voluntary product recalls. in response to requests from various regulatory authorities, manufacturers across the pharmaceutical industry, including pfizer, are evaluating their product portfolios for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines. this has led to recalls, including our voluntary recall of chantix in 2021 and additional voluntary recalls initiated for other products in 2022 due to the presence of nitrosamines above the fda interim acceptable intake limit, and may lead to additional recalls or other market actions for pfizer products.
regarding our supply chain generally, in 2022 and to date, we have not seen a significant disruption, and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels; however, we are seeing an increase in overall demand in the industry for certain components and raw materials, which could potentially result in constraining available supply leading to a possible future impact on our business. we are continuing to monitor and implement mitigation strategies in an effort to reduce any potential risk or impact including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers and advanced purchasing to the extent possible. for information on risks related to product manufacturing, see the item 1a. risk factors--product manufacturing, sales and marketing risks section in this form 10-k.
the global economic environment--in addition to the industry-specific factors discussed above, we, like other businesses of our size and global extent of activities, are exposed to economic cycles. certain factors in the global economic environment that may impact our global operations include, among other things, currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, local and global economic conditions including inflation, recession, volatility and/or lack of liquidity in capital markets, expropriation and other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property, legal protections and remedies, trade regulations, tax laws and regulations and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products, as well as impacts of political or civil unrest or military action, including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine and its economic consequences, geopolitical instability, terrorist activity, unstable governments and legal systems, inter-governmental disputes, public health outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters or disruptions related to climate change. government pressures can lead to negative pricing pressure in various markets where governments take an active role in setting prices, access criteria or other means of cost control. for additional information on risks related to our global operations, see the item 1a. risk factors-global operations section in this form 10-k.
covid-19--in response to covid-19, we have developed paxlovid and collaborated with biontech to jointly develop comirnaty, including booster doses of an omicron-adapted bivalent vaccine. as part of our strategy for covid-19, we are continuing to make significant additional pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k investments in breakthrough science and global manufacturing. this includes continuing to evaluate comirnaty and paxlovid, including against new variants of concern, developing monovalent, bivalent and variant adapted vaccine candidates and booster doses and developing potential combination respiratory vaccines and potential next generation vaccines and therapies. we are also evaluating paxlovid for additional populations. for additional information, including our continuing late-stage development efforts for paxlovid, see the product developments section within md&a.
in 2022 and to date, we principally sold comirnaty and paxlovid globally under government contracts. we expect sales of comirnaty in the u.s. will transition to traditional commercial market sales in the second half of 2023, triggered by the expiration of current contracts and the vaccines purchased through them becoming either depleted or not usable against new variants. internationally, we expect sales of comirnaty in international developed markets to generally be under government contracts in 2023, and in emerging markets, under a combination of private channels and government contracts; in both cases, we expect to generally transition to commercial markets starting in 2024. for paxlovid, we expect 2023 to be a transitional year as we expect to start selling paxlovid through the commercial channels in the second half of 2023 rather than significant government purchases. we also remain committed to helping ensure broad and equitable access to our covid-19 products to eligible patients around the world. revenues from our covid-19 products are expected to go from their peak in 2022 to their low point in 2023 before potentially returning to growth in 2024. while patient demand for our covid-19 products is expected to remain strong throughout 2023, much of that demand is expected to be fulfilled by existing supply of products that were delivered to governments and recorded as revenues in 2022. as of january 31, 2023, we forecasted comirnaty revenues of approximately $13.5 billion in 2023, down 64% from actual 2022 results, with gross profit to be split evenly with biontech, and paxlovid revenues of approximately $8 billion in 2023, down 58% from actual 2022 results. guidance for both products includes, among other things, anticipated sales through traditional commercial markets in the u.s. in the second half of 2023 and assumes prior absorption of existing government supply from advanced purchase agreements from 2022. these forecasts are based on estimates and assumptions that are subject to significant uncertainties, including, among others, patient demand which could be significantly impacted by the infectiousness and severity of the predominant strains of the sar-cov-2 virus during 2023, proportion of the population that receives a vaccine or is treated with an oral antiviral treatment, the number of doses per vaccinated person per year, number of symptomatic infections, market share of comirnaty and paxlovid, timing and terms for delivery of the contracted doses of comirnaty to the ec, paxlovid sales to china and the timing for transitioning comirnaty and paxlovid sales to the commercial market in the u.s.
in addition to our introduction of comirnaty and paxlovid, covid-19 has impacted our business, operations and financial condition and results. for example, covid-19 had varying impacts on patient visits, vaccinations, elective surgeries, cancer screenings and routine testing, which affected prescriptions or refills of existing prescriptions and demand for products used in procedures. as part of our on-going monitoring and assessment, we have made certain assumptions regarding covid-19 for purposes of our operational planning and financial projections, including assumptions regarding the global macroeconomic impact of covid-19, as well as the demand, revenues, supply, contracts and commercial markets for our covid-19 products, which remain dynamic. despite careful tracking and planning, we are unable to accurately predict the extent of the impact of covid-19 on our business, operations and financial condition and results due to the uncertainty of future developments. we will continue to pursue efforts to maintain the continuity of our operations while monitoring for new developments related to covid-19. future developments could result in additional favorable or unfavorable impacts on our business, operations or financial condition and results. for information on risks associated with covid-19 and our covid-19 products, as well as covid-19 intellectual property disputes, see the item 1a. risk factors-covid-19, -intellectual property protection and --third-party intellectual property claims sections in this form 10-k and note 16a1.
russia/ukraine conflict--our global operations may be impacted by the armed conflict between russia and ukraine. consistent with our commitment to putting patients first, we are maintaining the supply of medicines to russia, including the provision of needed medicines to patients already enrolled in clinical trials. effective march 14, 2022, pfizer began donating profits of our russian subsidiary to causes that provide direct humanitarian support to the people of ukraine, in addition to our ongoing efforts to support the humanitarian response in the region. in 2022, we have donated approximately $25 million to support humanitarian relief and response efforts. we will continue to support ukrainian relief efforts through this method until peace is achieved. additionally, we are not initiating new clinical trials in russia, have stopped recruiting new patients in our ongoing clinical trials in the country, and halted all new investments with local suppliers intended to build manufacturing capacity in russia. for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, the business of our russia and ukraine subsidiaries represented less than 1% of our consolidated revenues and assets, and while we are monitoring the effects of the armed conflict between russia and ukraine, the situation continues to evolve and the long-term implications, including the broader economic consequences of the conflict, are difficult to predict at this time. while as of now, we do not anticipate any significant negative impacts on our business from this conflict, continued regional instability, geopolitical shifts, potential additional sanctions and other restrictive measures against russia, neighboring countries or allies of russia, any retaliatory measures taken by russia, neighboring countries or allies of russia, and actions by our customers or suppliers in response to such measures could adversely affect the global macroeconomic environment, our operations, currency exchange rates and financial markets, which could in turn adversely impact our business and results of operations.
significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions following is a discussion about the critical accounting estimates and assumptions impacting our consolidated financial statements. also, see note 1c.
for a description of our significant accounting policies, see note 1. of these policies, the following are considered critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as they require the application of the most subjective and the most complex judgments: acquisitions (note 1d); fair value (note 1e); revenues (note 1g); asset impairments (note 1m); tax assets and liabilities and income tax contingencies (note 1q); pension and postretirement benefit plans (note 1r); and legal and environmental contingencies (note 1s).
for a discussion of a recently adopted accounting standard, see note 1b.
acquisitions we account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, that most assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their estimated fair value as of the acquisition date. to estimate fair value, we utilize an exit price approach from the perspective of a market participant. for further detail on acquisition accounting, see note 1d. for further detail on the techniques and methodologies that we use to estimate fair value, see note 1e. historically, intangible assets have been the most significant fair values within our business combinations. we utilize an income approach to estimate the acquisition date fair value of intangible assets. some of pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include the amount and timing of projected net cash flows, the discount rate and the tax rate. for further information on our process to estimate the fair value of intangible assets, see asset impairments below. we estimate the fair value of acquired inventory, including finished goods and work in process, by determining the estimated selling price when completed, less an estimate of costs to be incurred to complete and sell the inventory, and an estimate of a reasonable profit allowance for those manufacturing and selling efforts. the fair value of inventory is recognized in our results of operations as the inventory is sold. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the estimate of the fair value of inventory include stage of completion, costs to complete, costs to dispose and selling price.
revenues our gross product revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which generally are estimated and recorded in the same period that the revenues are recognized. such variable consideration represents chargebacks, rebates, sales allowances and sales returns. these deductions represent estimates of the related obligations and, as such, knowledge and judgment are required when estimating the impact of these revenue deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. historically, adjustments to these estimates to reflect actual results or updated expectations, have not been material to our overall business and generally have been less than 1% of revenues. product-specific rebates, however, can have a significant impact on year-over-year individual product revenue growth trends. if any of our ratios, factors, assessments, experiences or judgments are not indicative or accurate estimates of our future experience, our results could be materially affected. the potential of our estimates to vary (sensitivity) differs by program, product, type of customer and geographic location. however, estimates associated with u.s. medicare, medicaid and performance-based contract rebates are most at risk for material adjustment because of the extensive time delay between the recording of the accrual and its ultimate settlement, an interval that can generally range up to one year. because of this lag, our recording of adjustments to reflect actual amounts can incorporate revisions of several prior quarters. rebate accruals are product specific and, therefore for any period, are impacted by the mix of products sold as well as the forecasted channel mix for each individual product. for further information, see the revenue deductions section within md&a and note 1g.
asset impairments we review all of our long-lived assets for impairment indicators throughout the year. we perform impairment testing for indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill at least annually and for all other long-lived assets whenever impairment indicators are present. when necessary, we record charges for impairments of long-lived assets for the amount by which the fair value is less than the carrying value of these assets. our impairment review processes are described in note 1m.
examples of events or circumstances that may be indicative of impairment include:
•a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of the asset. for example, a successful challenge of our patent rights would likely result in generic competition earlier than expected.
•a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used such as a restriction imposed by the fda or other regulatory authorities that could affect our ability to manufacture or sell a product.
•an expectation of losses or reduced profits associated with an asset. this could result, for example, from a change in a government reimbursement program that results in an inability to sustain projected product revenues and profitability. this also could result from the introduction of a competitor's product that impacts projected revenue growth, as well as the lack of acceptance of a product by patients, physicians and payers. for ipr&d projects, this could result from, among other things, a change in outlook based on clinical trial data, a delay in the projected launch date or additional expenditures to commercialize the product.
identifiable intangible assets--we use an income approach, specifically the discounted cash flow method to determine the fair value of intangible assets, other than goodwill. we start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows associated with the asset, which incorporates the consideration of a terminal value for indefinite-lived assets, and then we apply an asset-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions that impact our fair value estimates include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections and the impact of technological advancements and risk associated with ipr&d assets, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the jurisdictional mix of the projected cash flows.
while all intangible assets other than goodwill can face events and circumstances that can lead to impairment, those that are most at risk of impairment include ipr&d assets (approximately $11.4 billion as of december 31, 2022) and newly acquired or recently impaired indefinite-lived brand assets. ipr&d assets are high-risk assets, given the uncertain nature of r&d. newly acquired and recently impaired indefinite-lived assets are more vulnerable to impairment as the assets are recorded at fair value and are then subsequently measured at the lower of fair value or carrying value at the end of each reporting period. as such, immediately after acquisition or impairment, even small declines in the outlook for these assets can negatively impact our ability to recover the carrying value and can result in an impairment charge.
goodwill--our goodwill impairment review work as of december 31, 2022 concluded that none of our goodwill was impaired and we do not believe the risk of impairment is significant at this time, as the fair value of each of our reporting units is significantly higher than their respective net book values.
in our review, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. qualitative factors that we consider include, for example, macroeconomic and industry conditions, overall financial performance and other relevant entity-specific events. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we then perform a quantitative fair value test.
when we are required to determine the fair value of a reporting unit, we typically use the income approach. the income approach is a forward-looking approach to estimating fair value and relies primarily on internal forecasts. within the income approach, we use the discounted cash flow method. we start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows for the reporting unit, which includes the application of a terminal value, and then we apply a reporting unit-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of technological risk and competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity of the projected cash flows.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k for all of our reporting units, there are a number of future events and factors that may impact future results and that could potentially have an impact on the outcome of subsequent goodwill impairment testing. for a list of these factors, see the forward-looking information and factors that may affect future results and the item 1a. risk factors sections in this form 10-k.
benefit plans for a description of our different benefit plans, see note 11.
our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and our judgment regarding future expectations that have been deemed reasonable by management. the judgments made in determining the costs of our benefit plans can materially impact our results of operations.
the following provides (i) at the end of each year, the expected annual rate of return on plan assets for the following year, (ii) the actual annual rate of return on plan assets achieved in each year, and (iii) the weighted-average discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations at the end of each year for our u.s. pension plans and our international pension plans(a):
2022                                                                                                                    2021                                                                                                                    2020
u.s. pension plans expected annual rate of return on plan assets                                                                                                             7.5                   %                                                                                                 6.3                   %                                                                                                 6.8                   %
actual annual rate of return on plan assets                                                                                                            (22.4)                                                                                                                     9.2                                                                                                                    14.1
discount rate used to measure the plan obligations                                                                                                        5.4                                                                                                                     2.9                                                                                                                     2.6
international pension plans expected annual rate of return on plan assets                                                                                                             4.5                                                                                                                     3.1                                                                                                                     3.4
actual annual rate of return on plan assets                                                                                                            (26.0)                                                                                                                    11.4                                                                                                                     9.7
discount rate used to measure the plan obligations                                                                                                        3.8                                                                                                                     1.6                                                                                                                     1.5
(a)for detailed assumptions associated with our benefit plans, see note 11b.
expected annual rate of return on plan assets--the assumptions for the expected annual rate of return on all of our plan assets reflect our actual historical return experience and our long-term assessment of forward-looking return expectations by asset classes, which is used to develop a weighted-average expected return based on the implementation of our targeted asset allocation in our respective plans.
the expected annual rate of return on plan assets for our u.s. plans and international plans is applied to the fair value of plan assets at each year-end and the resulting amount is reflected in our net periodic benefit costs in the following year.
the following illustrates the sensitivity of net periodic benefit costs to a 50 basis point decline in our assumption for the expected annual rate of return on plan assets, holding all other assumptions constant (in millions, pre-tax):
assumption                                                                                                  change                                                                                                      increase in 2023 net periodicbenefit costs expected annual rate of return on plan assets                                                               50 basis point decline                                                                                      $92
the actual return on plan assets resulted in a net loss on our plan assets of approximately $6.3 billion during 2022.
discount rate used to measure plan obligations--the weighted-average discount rate used to measure the plan obligations for our u.s. defined benefit plans is determined at least annually and evaluated and modified, as required, to reflect the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality fixed income investments, rated aa/aa or better, that reflect the rates at which the pension benefits could be effectively settled. the discount rate used to measure the plan obligations for our international plans is determined at least annually by reference to investment grade corporate bonds, rated aa/aa or better, including, when there is sufficient data, a yield-curve approach. these discount rate determinations are made in consideration of local requirements. the measurement of the plan obligations at the end of the year will affect the amount of service cost, interest cost and amortization expense reflected in our net periodic benefit costs in the following year.
the following illustrates the sensitivity of net periodic benefit costs and benefit obligations to a 10 basis point decline in our assumption for the discount rate, holding all other assumptions constant (in millions, pre-tax):
assumption                                                                    change                                                                        decrease in 2023 net periodic benefit costs                                               increase to 2022 benefit obligations discount rate                                                                 10 basis point decline                                                        $6                                                                                        $248
the change in the discount rates used in measuring our plan obligations as of december 31, 2022 resulted in a decrease in the measurement of our aggregate plan obligations by approximately $6.6 billion.
income tax assets and liabilities income tax assets and liabilities include income tax valuation allowances and accruals for uncertain tax positions. for additional information, see notes 1q and 5, as well as the analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk section within md&a.
contingencies we and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, including tax, legal contingencies and guarantees and indemnifications. for additional information, see notes 1q, 1s, 5d and 16.

analysis of the consolidated statements of income revenues by geography the following presents worldwide revenues by geography:
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                  % change worldwide                                                                    u.s.                                                           international                                      worldwide                                        u.s.                                  international
(millions)                 2022                      2021                    2020                    2022                    2021                    2020                    2022                    2021                    2020                                   22/21                   21/20                  22/21                21/20                  22/21                   21/20
operating segments:
biopharma                               $98,988                 $79,557                 $40,724                 $42,083                 $29,221                 $21,055                 $56,905                 $50,336                 $19,670                    24                      95                     44                   39                     13                     156
pfizer centreone                          1,342                   1,731      926                     390                     524                     400                     952                                  1,206      526                                 (22)                      87                   (26)                   31                   (21)                     129
total revenues                         $100,330                 $81,288                 $41,651                 $42,473                 $29,746                 $21,455                 $57,857                 $51,542                 $20,196                    23                      95                     43                   39                     12                     155
2022 v. 2021
the following provides an analysis of the change in worldwide revenues by geographic areas from 2021 to 2022(a):
(millions)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         worldwide                                            u.s.                                   international operational growth/(decline):
worldwide growth from paxlovid, comirnaty, the prevnar family, eliquis, the vyndaqel family, inlyta and xtandi, partially offset by worldwide declines from xeljanz and ibrance(b)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           $25,435                                         $13,197                                         $12,238
revenues from recently acquired products: nurtec odt/vydura and oxbryta                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        285                                             283                                                                                 2
decline from pc1(b)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (329)                                           (135)                                           (195)
lower revenues for chantix/champix and sutent: •the decrease in chantix/champix was driven by the ongoing global pause in shipments of chantix due to the presence of n-nitroso-varenicline above an acceptable level of intake set by various global regulators, the ultimate timing for resolution of which may vary by country•the decrease for sutent primarily reflects lower volume demand in europe and the u.s. following its loss of exclusivity in january 2022 and august 2021, respectively                                        (690)                                           (396)                                           (293)
other operational factors, net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (132)                                           (222)                                              90
operational growth, net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       24,569                                          12,727                                          11,842
unfavorable impact of foreign exchange                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (5,527)                                               -                                         (5,527)
revenues increase/(decrease)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 $19,042                                         $12,727                                          $6,315
(a)for an analysis of the change in worldwide revenues by geographic area from 2020 to 2021, see the revenues by geography section within md&a in our 2021 form 10-k.
(b)see the revenues--selected product discussion within md&a for additional analysis.
emerging markets revenues decreased $604 million, or 3%, in 2022 to $20.1 billion from $20.7 billion in 2021, reflecting an operational increase of $366 million, or 2%, and an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange of approximately 5%. the operational increase in emerging markets revenues was primarily driven by growth from paxlovid, sulperazon and nimenrix, partially offset by declines in comirnaty and certain comirnaty-related manufacturing activities performed on behalf of biontech. for an analysis of the change in emerging market revenues from 2020 to 2021, see the revenues by geography section within md&a in our 2021 form 10-k.
revenue deductions--our gross product revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which generally are estimated and recorded in the same period that the revenues are recognized. these deductions represent estimates of the related obligations and, as such, knowledge and judgment are required when estimating the impact of these revenue deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. historically, adjustments to these estimates to reflect actual results or updated expectations, have not been material to our overall business and generally have been less than 1% of revenues. product-specific rebates, however, can have a significant impact on year-over-year individual product revenue growth trends.
the following presents information about revenue deductions:
year ended december 31,
(millions)                                                                  2022   2021                            2020
medicare rebates                                                       $838                            $726                            $647
medicaid and related state program rebates                              973                           1,214                           1,136
performance-based contract rebates                                    3,575                           3,253                           2,660
chargebacks                                                           7,560                           6,122                           4,531
sales allowances                                                      5,460                           4,809                           3,835
sales returns and cash discounts                                      1,290                           1,054        924
total                                                               $19,697                         $17,178                         $13,733
revenue deductions are primarily a function of product sales volume, mix of products sold, contractual or legislative discounts and rebates.
for information on our accruals for revenue deductions, including the balance sheet classification of these accruals, see note 1g.

revenues-selected product discussion biopharma revenue
(millions)                                                                                                                                        year ended dec. 31,                                        % change product                                                        global                          region                            2022                            2021                      total            oper.       operational results commentary revenues comirnaty(a)                                                  $37,806                            u.s.                     $8,775                          $7,809                          12                            performance was largely driven by: •operational growth in international markets, led by deliveries to certain international developed markets, as well as government purchasing of bivalent boosters in the fourth quarter of 2022 in support of fall vaccination campaigns; and•growth in the u.s. primarily driven by favorable pricing, partially offset by government purchasing patterns.this growth was partially offset by lower demand in emerging markets.
up 10%
(operationally)
int'l.                                             29,032                          28,972                                  -                          9
worldwide                                         $37,806                         $36,781                             3                              10
paxlovid                                                      $18,933                            u.s.                    $10,514                             $76                               *                        driven by the u.s. launch under eua in december 2021 and international launches in late 2021 and early 2022 following regulatory approvals or euas.
*
int'l.                                              8,419                               -                                  *                             *
worldwide                                         $18,933                             $76                                  *                             *
eliquis                                                        $6,480                            u.s.                     $3,822                          $3,160                          21                            growth driven primarily by continued oral anti-coagulant adoption and market share gains in non-valvular atrial fibrillation in the u.s. and certain markets in europe, as well as favorable changes in channel mix in the u.s., partially offset by the non-recurrence of an $80 million favorable adjustment related to the medicare "coverage gap" provision recorded in the first quarter of 2021 in the u.s., as well as declines in certain emerging markets.
up 14%
(operationally)
int'l.                                              2,658                           2,810                           (5)                               5
worldwide                                          $6,480                          $5,970                             9                              14
prevnar family                                                 $6,337                            u.s.                     $4,032                          $2,701                          49                            growth primarily driven by the adult indications in the u.s. due to strong patient demand following the launch of prevnar 20 for the eligible adult population, partially offset by a reduction in revenues due to a one-time cdc inventory return program for the pediatric indication, the revenue impact of which is expected to be reversed in 2023 upon replenishment, as well as unfavorable timing of purchases for the adult indication internationally.
up 23%
(operationally)
int'l.                                              2,305                           2,571                          (10)                             (4)
worldwide                                          $6,337                          $5,272                            20                              23
ibrance                                                        $5,120                            u.s.                     $3,370                          $3,418                         (1)                            global declines primarily driven by prior-year clinical trial purchases internationally, planned price decreases that recently went into effect in international developed markets, and continued increase in the proportion of patients accessing ibrance through the u.s. patient assistance program, partially offset by higher volumes across multiple regions.
down 2% (operationally)
int'l.                                              1,751                           2,019                          (13)                             (4)
worldwide                                          $5,120                          $5,437                           (6)                             (2)
vyndaqel family                                                $2,447                            u.s.                     $1,245                            $909                          37                            growth largely driven by continued strong uptake of the attr-cm indication, primarily in developed europe and the u.s., partially offset by a planned price decrease that went into effect in japan in the second quarter of 2022.
up 29%
(operationally)
int'l.                        1,202                                1,106   9                          22
worldwide                    $2,447                               $2,015   21                         29
xeljanz                                                        $1,796                            u.s.                     $1,129                          $1,647                        (31)                            global declines driven primarily by decreased prescription volumes globally resulting from ongoing shifts in prescribing patterns related to label changes, as well as declines in net price due to unfavorable changes in channel mix in the u.s.
down 24%
(operationally)
int'l.                                                668                             808                          (17)                             (8)
worldwide                                          $1,796                          $2,455                          (27)                            (24)
xtandi                                                         $1,198                            u.s.                     $1,198                          $1,185                           1                            performance largely due to steady demand growth across the mcrpc, nmcrpc, and mcspc indications, slightly offset by unfavorable changes in channel mix and fluctuating enrollment rates in the xtandi patient assistance program.
up 1%
(operationally)
int'l.                  -                                                       -                   -              -
worldwide               $1,198                                             $1,185              1   1
inlyta                                                         $1,003                            u.s.                       $618                            $599                           3                            growth primarily reflects continued strong performance in emerging markets and the u.s. driven by the adoption of combinations of certain immune checkpoint inhibitors and inlyta for the first-line treatment of patients with advanced rcc.
up 4%
(operationally)
int'l.                          385                                  403                             (5)                               5
worldwide                    $1,003                               $1,002                                    -                          4
pfizer centreone revenue
(millions)                                                                                                         year ended dec. 31,   % change operating segment                                        global   region           2022                    2021                          total                  oper.       operational results commentary revenues pc1                                                      $1,342   u.s.                         $390                          $524        (26)                               declines primarily driven by lower covid-19 manufacturing activities performed on behalf of customers, including comirnaty supply to biontech, and lower manufacturing of divested products under manufacturing and supply agreements.
down 19%
(operationally)
int'l.                      952           1,206                        (21)                          (16)
worldwide                $1,342           $1,731                       (22)                          (19)

(a)comirnaty includes direct sales and alliance revenues related to sales of the pfizer-biontech covid-19 vaccine, which are recorded within our primary care customer group. it does not include revenues for certain comirnaty-related manufacturing activities performed on behalf of biontech, which are included in pc1. see note 17c.
*indicates calculation not meaningful.
see the item 1. business-patents and other intellectual property rights section in this form 10-k for information regarding the expiration of various patent rights, note 16 for a discussion of recent developments concerning patent and product litigation relating to certain of the products discussed above and note 17c for additional information regarding the primary indications or class of the selected products discussed above.
costs and expenses costs and expenses follow:
year ended december 31,                                    % change
(millions)                                                                             2022                        2021                        2020                  22/21                21/20
cost of sales(a)                                                                $34,344                     $30,821                      $8,484                     11                        *
percentage of revenues                                                             34.2   %                    37.9   %                    20.4   %
selling, informational and administrative expenses(a)                            13,677                      12,703                      11,597                      8                   10
research and development expenses                                                11,428                      10,360                       8,709                     10                   19
acquired in-process research and development expenses                               953                       3,469                         684                   (73)                        *
amortization of intangible assets(a)                                              3,609                       3,700                       3,348                    (2)                   11
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs(a)                    1,375                         802                         579                     71                   38
other (income)/deductions-net(a)                                                    217                     (4,878)                       1,213                          *                    *
*indicates calculation not meaningful.
(a)for a discussion of the drivers of change for 2021 v. 2020, see the costs and expenses section within md&a in our 2021 form 10-k.
cost of sales
2022 v. 2021
cost of sales increased $3.5 billion, primarily due to:
•an unfavorable impact of $4.0 billion due to increased sales of comirnaty, which includes a charge for the 50% gross profit split with biontech and applicable royalty expenses;
•inventory write-offs and other charges related to paxlovid and comirnaty of $1.1 billion and $600 million, respectively; and
•an increase of $1.3 billion due to increased sales of paxlovid, partially offset by:
•a $3.3 billion favorable impact of foreign exchange and hedging activity.
the decrease in cost of sales as a percentage of revenues was primarily due to the favorable impacts of paxlovid, foreign exchange and higher alliance revenues, partially offset by higher sales of comirnaty, as well as the inventory write-offs and other charges related to paxlovid and comirnaty, respectively, discussed above.
selling, informational and administrative expenses
2022 v. 2021
selling, informational and administrative expenses increased $974 million, mostly due to:
•an increase of $1.3 billion for paxlovid and comirnaty marketing and promotional expenses and a higher provision for u.s. healthcare reform fees based on sales of paxlovid; and
•an increase of $540 million for marketing and promotional expenses for recently acquired and launched products, partially offset by:
•a $414 million favorable impact of foreign exchange;
•a $320 million decrease in spending across multiple customer groups; and
•a decrease of $270 million in our liability to be paid to participants of our supplemental savings plan.
research and development expenses
2022 v. 2021
research and development expenses increased $1.1 billion, primarily due to:
•increased investments of $1.3 billion for certain vaccine and oncology programs as well as costs to develop recently acquired assets, partially offset by lower spending of $480 million for various late-stage clinical programs and programs to treat covid-19.
2021 v. 2020
research and development expenses increased $1.7 billion, mainly due to increased investments of $1.2 billion across multiple therapeutic areas, including additional spending related to the development of the oral covid-19 treatment program.

acquired in-process research and development expenses
2022 v. 2021
acquired in-process research and development expenses decreased $2.5 billion largely due to:
•a charge of $2.1 billion related to our asset acquisition of trillium in 2021; and
•an upfront payment to arvinas and a premium paid on our equity investment in arvinas totaling $706 million in 2021, partially offset by:
•acquired ipr&d incurred in 2022, including $426 million related to our asset acquisition of reviral in 2022.
2021 v. 2020
acquired in-process research and development expenses increased $2.8 billion mainly due to:
•a $2.1 billion charge related to our asset acquisition of trillium; and
•a net increase in charges of $602 million for upfront and milestone payments on collaboration and licensing arrangements, driven by payments to arvinas and beam.
see notes 2a, 2d and 2e for additional information.
amortization of intangible assets
2022 v. 2021
amortization of intangible assets decreased $91 million, primarily due to lower amortization of comirnaty sales milestones to biontech, as well as lower amortization of intangible assets related to prevnar and fully amortized assets, partially offset by amortization of intangible assets from our acquisitions of biohaven and gbt. see notes 2a and 10a for additional information.
restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives transforming to a more focused company program--for a description of our program and actual costs, see note 3. the program savings discussed below may be rounded and represent approximations. in connection with restructuring our corporate enabling functions, we achieved gross cost savings of $1.0 billion, or net cost savings, excluding merit and inflation growth and certain real estate cost increases, of $700 million, in the two year period from 2021 through 2022. in connection with transforming our commercial go-to market strategy, we expect net cost savings of $1.4 billion, to be achieved primarily from 2022 through 2024. in connection with manufacturing network optimization, we expect net cost savings of $550 million to be achieved primarily from 2020 through 2023. in connection with optimizing our end-to-end r&d operations, we expect net cost savings of $2.3 billion to be achieved primarily from 2023 through 2025.
certain qualifying costs for this program were recorded in 2022, 2021 and 2020, and are reflected as certain significant items and excluded from our non-gaap measure of adjusted income. see the non-gaap financial measure: adjusted income section of this md&a.
in addition to this program, we continuously monitor our operations for cost reduction and/or productivity opportunities, especially in light of the losses of exclusivity and the expiration of collaborative arrangements for various products.
other (income)/deductions--net
2022 v. 2021
the period-over-period change of $5.1 billion resulting in net other deductions in 2022 compared to net other income in 2021 was primarily driven by net losses recognized on equity securities in 2022 versus net gains recognized in 2021, lower net periodic benefit credits, and higher asset impairment charges.
see note 4 for additional information.
provision/(benefit) for taxes on income year ended december 31,                                  % change
(millions)                                                           2022                        2021                      2020                22/21            21/20
provision/(benefit) for taxes on income                        $3,328                      $1,852                      $370                   80                *
effective tax rate on continuing operations                       9.6   %                     7.6   %                   5.3   %
*indicates calculation not meaningful.
for information about our effective tax rate and the events and circumstances contributing to the changes between periods, as well as details about discrete elements that impacted our tax provisions, see note 5.
discontinued operations for information about our discontinued operations, see note 2b.
product developments a comprehensive update of pfizer's development pipeline was published as of january 31, 2023 and is available at www.pfizer.com/science/drug-product-pipeline. it includes an overview of our research and a list of compounds in development with targeted indication and phase of development, as well as mechanism of action for some candidates in phase 1 and all candidates from phase 2 through registration.
the following provides information about significant marketing application-related regulatory actions by, and filings pending with, the fda and regulatory authorities in the eu and japan.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k the tables below include filing and approval milestones for products that have occurred in the last twelve months and generally do not include approvals that may have occurred prior to that time. the tables include filings with regulatory decisions pending (even if the filing occurred outside of the last twelve-month period).
covid-19 vaccine products patient population and date of approval/filing(a)
covid-19 vaccine product(b)                                             primary series                                                                                 16 years of age and older                                                                              12-15 years of age                           5-11 years of age                                                                                                6 months through 4 years of age or booster u.s.                                             eu                japan                           u.s.                                             eu                japan                        u.s.                    eu                         japan                u.s.              eu                                   japan comirnaty                                                                                       30-μg 2-dose primary(c)                                                                                                                                                                            10-μg 2-dose primary(d)                                                 3-μg 3-dose primary primary                                                                 approvedaug.2021        approveddec.2020                cond.j-nda feb.2021                                  euamay 2021   approvedmay2021                   cond.j-ndamay2021                              euaoct. 2021   approvednov. 2021       cond.j-ndajan.2022         euajune 2022         cmaoct.2022       cond.j-ndaoct.2022
30-μg booster dose(e)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    10-μg booster dose booster                                                                 eua(f)dec.2021          approvedoct. 2021                cond.j-ndanov.2021                               eua(f)jan.2022   approvedfeb. 2022               cond.j-nda mar.2022                            eua(f)may 2022   approvedsep. 2022       cond.j-nda aug.2022
comirnaty original/omicron ba.4/ba.5 vaccine(g)       booster                                   30-μg booster dose                                                                                                                                                                                 10-μg booster dose                                                      3-μg booster dose euaaug.2022       approvedsep. 2022       cond.j-nda oct.2022                                         euaaug. 2022       approvedsep. 2022   cond.j-nda oct.2022                                         euaoct. 2022          cmanov.2022                           eua(h)dec.2022
comirnaty original/omicron ba.1 vaccine               booster                                   30-μg booster dose approvedsep.2022        cond.j-nda sep.2022                                                             approvedsep.2022   cond.j-nda sep. 2022
(a)all eu approvals prior to october 10, 2022 were under the cma, and later converted to full marketing authorization as of october 10, 2022. dates shown in table reflect original cma date.
(b)all covid-19 vaccine products listed in this table are being developed in collaboration with biontech.
(c)fda has authorized a third 30-μg primary series dose to individuals 12 years of age and older with certain kinds of immunocompromise.
(d)fda has authorized a third 10-μg primary series dose to individuals 5-11 years of age with certain kinds of immunocompromise.
(e)fda has authorized a second booster dose in adults ages 50 years and older who have previously received a first booster of any authorized covid-19 vaccine. the fda also has authorized a second booster dose for individuals 12 years of age and older who have been determined to have certain kinds of immunocompromise and who have received a first booster dose of any authorized covid-19 vaccine.
(f)comirnaty wild-type booster in these populations has been replaced by the booster of the pfizer-biontech covid-19 vaccine, bivalent (original and omicron ba.4/ba.5).
(g)refers to the pfizer-biontech covid-19 vaccine, bivalent (original and omicron ba.4/ba.5) and comirnaty original/omicron ba.4/ba.5 vaccine.
(h)the third dose of the primary series 6 months through 4 years of age in the u.s. has been replaced by the 3-μg booster of the pfizer-biontech covid-19 vaccine, bivalent (original and omicron ba.4/ba.5).
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k other products product                                                                                   indication or proposed indication                                                                              approved/filed*
u.s.                                                                                      eu                                                                                                             japan myfembree(relugolix, estradiol, and norethindrone acetate)(a)                             heavy menstrual bleeding associated with uterine fibroids                                                      approvedmay2021
moderate to severe pain associated with endometriosis                                     approvedaug.2022
ngenla(somatrogon)(b)                                                                     pediatric growth hormone deficiency                                                                            filedjan.2021              approvedfeb.2022           approvedjan.2022
prevnar 20/apexxnar(vaccine)(c)                                                           active immunization to prevent invasive disease caused by streptococcus pneumoniae serotypes (adults)          approvedjune2021           approvedfeb.2022
ticovac                                                                                   active immunization to prevent tick-borne encephalitis disease                                                 approvedaug. 2021
(vaccine)
paxlovid(d) (nirmatrelvir [pf-07321332]; ritonavir)                                       covid-19 in high-risk adults and children (12-18 years of age; &gt;88lbs)                                      eua dec.2021               cma jan.2022               approved feb. 2022
nurtec odt/vydura(rimegepant)                                                             acute treatment of migraine with or without aura (adults)                                                      approved feb.2020          approved apr. 2022
prevention of episodic migraine (adults)                                                  approved may2021                                                                                               approved apr. 2022
ritlecitinib (pf-06651600)                                                                alopecia areata                                                                                                filedsep.2022              filedsep.2022              filedsep.2022
zavegepant                                                                                acute treatment of migraine                                                                                    filedmay2022
(intranasal)
pf-06886992                                                                               active immunization to prevent serogroups abcwy meningococcal infections (adolescent and young adults)         fileddec.2022
(vaccine)
pf-06928316                                                                               active immunization to prevent respiratory syncytial virus infection (maternal)                                filedfeb.2023              filedjan.2023
(vaccine)
active immunization to prevent respiratory syncytial virus infection (older adults)       fileddec.2022                                                                                                  filedjan.2023
etrasimod                                                                                 ulcerative colitis (moderately to severely active)                                                             fileddec.2022              filednov.2022
pf-06482077                                                                               active immunization to prevent invasive and non-invasive pneumococcal infections (pediatric)                   filedjan.2023
(vaccine)
elranatamab (pf-06863135)                                                                 multiple myeloma triple-class refractory                                                                       filedfeb.2023              filedfeb.2023
*for the u.s., the filing date is the date on which the fda accepted our submission. for the eu, the filing date is the date on which the ema validated our submission.
(a)being developed in collaboration with myovant. in january 2023, the fda approved the snda to include data from the randomized withdrawal study into section 14 of the label.
(b)being developed in collaboration with opko.
(c)in october 2022, the cdc's acip voted to recommend a single dose of prevnar 20 to help protect adults previously vaccinated with prevnar 13 or both prevnar 13 and ppsv23 against invasive disease and pneumonia caused by the 20 streptococcus pneumoniae serotypes in prevnar 20.
(d)in june 2022, we announced the submission of an nda to the fda for approval of paxlovid for the treatment of covid-19 in both vaccinated and unvaccinated individuals who are at high risk for progression to severe illness from covid-19. in december 2022, pfizer announced the fda has extended the review period for the nda for paxlovid. at the request of the fda, pfizer recently submitted additional analyses of efficacy and safety data from the pivotal evaluation of protease inhibition for covid-19 in high-risk patients and supportive evaluation of protease inhibition for covid-19 in standard-risk patients trials to be considered as part of its nda for paxlovid. results from these analyses are consistent with previously disclosed efficacy and safety data for the trials. in order to allow time for a full review of the application, including the additional data analyses submitted, the fda has extended the prescription drug user fee act goal date by three months to may 2023.
in december 2021, in light of the results from the completed required postmarketing safety study of xeljanz, oral surveillance (a3921133), the u.s. label for xeljanz was revised. in addition, in november 2022, the ema concluded their assessment of jak inhibitors authorized for inflammatory diseases in the eu, including xeljanz and cibinqo, and recommended that risk minimization measures, including special warnings and precautions for use, should be revised and harmonized for all such jak inhibitors. the resulting label changes are expected to be finalized in the first quarter of 2023. we continue to work with regulatory agencies worldwide to review the full results and analyses of oral surveillance and their impact on product labeling. for additional information, see item 1a. risk factors-post-authorization/approval data.
in china, the following products received regulatory approvals in the last twelve months: paxlovid for covid-19 infection in february 2022; cibinqo for atopic dermatitis in april 2022; lorbrena for non-small cell lung cancer (first line and second line therapy) in april 2022; xeljanz for ankylosing spondylitis in april 2022; cresemba (iv formulation) for the treatment of adult patients with invasive aspergillosis and invasive mucormycosis in june 2022; and xeljanz for the treatment of adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis in october 2022.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k the following provides information about additional indications and new drug candidates in late-stage development:
product/candidate                                                                            proposed indication late-stage clinical programs for additional uses and dosage formsfor in-line and in-registration products         ibrance (palbociclib)(a)                                                                     er+/her2+ metastatic breast cancer xtandi (enzalutamide)(b)                                                                                          non-metastatic high-risk castration sensitive prostate cancer talzenna (talazoparib)                                                                                            combination with xtandi (enzalutamide) for first-line mcrpc combination with xtandi (enzalutamide) for dna damage repair (ddr)-deficient mcspc pf-06482077 (vaccine)                                                                                             immunization to prevent invasive and non-invasive pneumococcal infections (pediatric)
somatrogon (pf-06836922)(c)                                                                                       adult growth hormone deficiency braftovi (encorafenib) and erbitux® (cetuximab)(d)                                                                first-line brafv600e-mutant mcrc braftovi (encorafenib) and mektovi (binimetinib) and keytruda® (pembrolizumab)(e)                                 brafv600e/k-mutant metastatic or unresectable locally advanced melanoma braftovi (encorafenib) and mektovi (binimetinib)                                                                  brafv600e-mutant non-small cell lung cancer paxlovid (nirmatrelvir [pf-07321332]; ritonavir)                                                                  covid-19 in high-risk children (6-11 years of age; &gt;88lbs)
zavegepant (oral)                                                                                                 prevention of acute migraine (adults)
ritlecitinib (pf-06651600)                                                                                        vitiligo elranatamab (pf-06863135)                                                                                         multiple myeloma double-class exposed newly diagnosed multiple myeloma post-transplant maintenance eliquis (apixaban)                                                                                                venous thromboembolism (pediatric)
new drug candidates in late-stage development                                                                     aztreonam-avibactam                                                                          treatment of infections caused by gram-negative bacteria with limited or no treatment options
(pf-06947387)
fidanacogene elaparvovec (pf-06838435)(f)                                                                         hemophilia b giroctocogene fitelparvovec (pf-07055480)(g)                                                                      hemophilia a pf-06425090 (vaccine)                                                                                             immunization to prevent primary clostridioides difficile infection sasanlimab (pf-06801591)                                                                                          combination with bacillus calmette-guerin for non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer fordadistrogene movaparvovec (pf-06939926)                                                                        duchenne muscular dystrophy (ambulatory)
marstacimab (pf-06741086)                                                                                         hemophilia omicron-based mrna vaccine(h)                                                                                     immunization to prevent covid-19 (adults)
vla15 (pf-07307405) vaccine(i)                                                                                    immunization to prevent lyme disease pf-07252220 (quadrivalent mrna-based vaccine)                                                                     immunization to prevent influenza inclacumab (pf-07940370)                                                                                          sickle cell disease
(a)being developed in collaboration with the alliance foundation trials, llc.
(b)being developed in collaboration with astellas.
(c)being developed in collaboration with opko.
(d)erbitux® is a registered trademark of imclone llc. in the eu, we are developing in collaboration with the pierre fabre group. in japan, we are developing in collaboration with ono.
(e)keytruda® is a registered trademark of merck sharp & dohme corp. in the eu, we are developing in collaboration with the pierre fabre group. in japan, we are developing in collaboration with ono.
(f)being developed in collaboration with spark therapeutics, inc.
(g)being developed in collaboration with sangamo therapeutics, inc.
(h)being developed in collaboration with biontech.
(i)being developed in collaboration with valneva.
for additional information about our r&d organization, see the item 1. business-research and development section in this form 10-k.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k non-gaap financial measure: adjusted income adjusted income is an alternative measure of performance used by management to evaluate our overall performance as a supplement to our gaap reported performance measures. as such, we believe that investors' understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing this measure. we use adjusted income, certain components of adjusted income and adjusted diluted eps to present the results of our major operations--the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide--prior to considering certain income statement elements as follows:
measure                                                                                                                                                                             definition                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     relevance of metrics to our business performance adjusted income                                                                                                                                                                     net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders(a)before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items                                                                                                                                                  •provides investors useful information to:◦evaluate the normal recurring operational activities, and their components, on a comparable year-over-year basis◦assist in modeling expected future performance on a normalized basis•provides investors insight into the way we manage our budgeting and forecasting, how we evaluate and manage our recurring operations and how we reward and compensate our senior management(b)
adjusted cost of sales, adjusted selling, informational and administrative expenses, adjusted research and development expenses and adjusted other (income)/deductions--net         cost of sales, selling, informational and administrative expenses, research and development expenses and other (income)/deductions--net (a), each before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items, which are components of the adjusted income measure adjusted diluted eps                                                                                                                                                                eps attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders--diluted (a) before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items
(a)most directly comparable gaap measure.
(b)the short-term incentive plans for substantially all non-sales-force employees worldwide are funded from a pool based on our performance, measured in significant part versus three budgeted metrics, one of which is adjusted diluted eps (as defined for annual incentive compensation purposes), which is derived from adjusted income and accounts for 40% of the bonus pool funding tied to financial performance. additionally, the payout for performance share awards is determined in part by adjusted net income, which is derived from adjusted income. beginning in the first quarter of 2022, we no longer exclude any expenses for acquired ipr&d from our non-gaap adjusted results but we continue to exclude certain of these expenses for our financial results for annual incentive compensation purposes. the bonus pool funding, which is largely based on financial performance, is adjusted by our r&d pipeline performance, as measured by four metrics, and performance against certain of our esg metrics, and may be further modified by our compensation committee's assessment of other factors.
adjusted income and its components and adjusted diluted eps are non-gaap financial measures that have no standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and, therefore, are limited in their usefulness to investors. because of their non-standardized definitions, they may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies and are presented to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses performance. a limitation of these measures is that they provide a view of our operations without including all events during a period, and do not provide a comparable view of our performance to peers. these measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for their most directly comparable gaap measures of net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders, components of net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders and eps attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders-diluted, respectively.
we also recognize that, as internal measures of performance, these measures have limitations, and we do not restrict our performance-management process solely to these measures. we also use other tools designed to achieve the highest levels of performance. for example, our r&d organization has productivity targets, upon which its effectiveness is measured. in addition, total shareholder return, both on an absolute basis and relative to a publicly traded pharmaceutical index, plays a significant role in determining payouts under certain of our incentive compensation plans.
beginning in the first quarter of 2022, our reconciliation of certain gaap reported to non-gaap adjusted information is updated to reflect the following, and prior-period information has been revised to conform to the current period presentation:
adjusted income and adjusted diluted eps acquired ipr&d-non-gaap adjusted financial measures include expenses for all acquired ipr&d costs incurred in connection with upfront and milestone payments on collaboration and in-license agreements, including premiums on equity securities, as well as asset acquisitions of acquired ipr&d. previously, certain of these items were excluded from our non-gaap adjusted results. acquired ipr&d expenses that previously would have been excluded from non-gaap adjusted income but are now included in both gaap reported income and non-gaap adjusted income were approximately: (i) $765 million pre-tax ($665 million, net of tax), or $0.12 per share, in 2022; (ii) $3.3 billion pre-tax ($2.6 billion, net of tax), or $0.45 per share, in 2021; and (iii) $504 million pre-tax ($397 million, net of tax), or $0.07 per share, in 2020.
amortization of intangible assets-we began excluding all amortization of intangibles from non-gaap adjusted income, compared to excluding only amortization of intangibles related to large mergers or acquisitions under the prior methodology, and presenting it as a separate reconciling line. previously, the adjustment under the prior methodology was included as part of a reconciling line entitled "purchase accounting adjustments" that we no longer separately present. the impact of this policy change resulted in benefits on adjusted diluted eps of $0.06 in 2022, $0.09 in 2021 and $0.05 in 2020.
acquisition-related items--adjusted income continues to exclude certain acquisition-related items, which are comprised of transaction, integration, restructuring charges and additional depreciation costs for business combinations because these costs are unique to each pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k transaction and represent costs that were incurred to restructure and integrate businesses as a result of an acquisition. we have made no adjustments for resulting synergies.
the significant costs incurred in connection with a business combination result primarily from the need to eliminate duplicate assets, activities or employees--a natural result of acquiring a fully integrated set of activities. for this reason, we believe that such costs incurred can be viewed differently in the context of an acquisition from those costs incurred in other, more normal, business contexts. the integration and restructuring costs for a business combination may occur over several years, with the more significant impacts typically ending within three years of the relevant transaction. because of the need for certain external approvals for some actions, the span of time needed to achieve certain restructuring and integration activities can be lengthy.
acquisition-related items may now include purchase accounting impacts that previously would have been included as part of a reconciling line entitled "purchase accounting adjustments" that we no longer separately present, such as: (i) the incremental charge to cost of sales from the sale of acquired inventory that was written up to fair value; (ii) depreciation related to the increase/decrease in fair value of acquired fixed assets; (iii) amortization related to the increase in fair value of acquired debt and (iv) the fair value changes for contingent consideration.
discontinued operations--adjusted income continues to exclude the results of discontinued operations, as well as any related gains or losses on the disposal of such operations. we believe that this presentation is meaningful to investors because, while we review our product portfolio for strategic fit with our operations, we do not build or run our business with the intent to discontinue parts of our business. restatements due to discontinued operations do not impact compensation or change the adjusted income measure for the compensation in respect of the restated periods, but are presented for consistency across all periods.
certain significant items--adjusted income continues to exclude certain significant items representing substantive and/or unusual items that are evaluated individually on a quantitative and qualitative basis. certain significant items may be highly variable and difficult to predict. furthermore, in some cases it is reasonably possible that they could reoccur in future periods. for example, although major non-acquisition-related cost-reduction programs are specific to an event or goal with a defined term, we may have subsequent programs based on reorganizations of the business, cost productivity or in response to loe or economic conditions. legal charges to resolve litigation are also related to specific cases, which are facts and circumstances specific and, in some cases, may also be the result of litigation matters at acquired companies that were inestimable, not probable or unresolved at the date of acquisition, or legal matters related to divested products or businesses. gains and losses on equity securities, and pension and postretirement actuarial remeasurement gains and losses have a very high degree of inherent market volatility, which we do not control and cannot predict with any level of certainty and because we do not believe including these gains and losses assists investors in understanding our business or is reflective of our core operations and business. unusual items represent items that are not part of our ongoing business; items that, either as a result of their nature or size, we would not expect to occur as part of our normal business on a regular basis; items that would be non-recurring; or items that relate to products we no longer sell. see the reconciliations of gaap reported to non-gaap adjusted information--certain line items below for a non-inclusive list of certain significant items.
reconciliations of gaap reported to non-gaap adjusted information--certain line items year ended december 31, 2022
data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals.millions, except per share data                        cost of sales(a)                 selling, informational and administrative expenses(a)                      other (income)/deductions--net(a)                            net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders(a), (b), (c)            earnings per common share attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders--diluted gaap reported                                                                                                     $34,344                          $13,677                                                                    $217                                                                                               $31,372                                      $5.47
amortization of intangible assets                                                                                 -                                -                                                                          -                                                                                                    3,609
acquisition-related items                                                                                         (119)                            (7)                                                                        (74)                                                                                                   832
discontinued operations(d)                                                                                        -                                -                                                                          -                                                                                                     (21)
certain significant items:
restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation-asset restructuring(e)       (88)                             (562)                                                                      -                                                                                                    1,396
certain asset impairments(f)                                                                                      -                                -                                                                          (421)                                                                                                  421
(gains)/losses on equity securities(f)                                                                            -                                -                                                                          (1,270)                                                                                              1,270
actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses                                      -                                -                                                                 230                                                                                                           (230)
other                                                                                                             (40)                             (59)                                                                       (636)                   (g)                                                                            752
income tax provision-non-gaap items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (1,683)
non-gaap adjusted                                                                                                 $34,096                          $13,049                                                                    $(1,954)                                                                                           $37,717                                      $6.58
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k year ended december 31, 2021
data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals.millions, except per share data                                 cost of sales(a)                 selling, informational and administrative expenses(a)                      other (income)/deductions--net(a)                              net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders(a), (b)            earnings per common share attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders--diluted gaap reported                                                                                                              $30,821                          $12,703                                                                    $(4,878)                                                                                         $21,979                                     $3.85
amortization of intangible assets                                                                                          -                                (38)                                                                       (2)                                                                                                3,746
acquisition-related items                                                                                         25                                        (3)                                                                        (114)                                                                                                139
discontinued operations(d)                                                                                                 -                                -                                                                          -                                                                                                    585
certain significant items:
restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation-asset restructuring(e)                (108)                            (450)                                                                      -                                                                                                  1,309
certain asset impairments                                                                                                  -                                -                                                                          (86)                                                                                                  86
(gains)/losses on equity securities(f)                                                                                     -                                -                                                                          1,338                                                                                            (1,338)
actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses                                               -                                -                                                                          1,601                                                                                            (1,601)
other                                                                                                                      (52)                             (141)                            (h)                                       (334)                   (g)                                                                          542
income tax provision-non-gaap items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (2,250)
non-gaap adjusted                                                                                                          $30,685                          $12,071                                                                    $(2,475)                                                                                         $23,196                                     $4.06
year ended december 31, 2020
data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals.millions, except per share data                                 cost of sales(a)                 selling, informational and administrative expenses(a)                                  other (income)/deductions--net(a)                  net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders(a), (b)            earnings per common share attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders--diluted gaap reported                                                                                                              $8,484                           $11,597                                                                           $1,213                                                                                     $9,159                                     $1.63
amortization of intangible assets                                                                                          -                                (38)                                                                                 (3)                                                                                      3,395
acquisition-related items                                                                                         18                                        (1)                                                                                 (75)                                                                                         98
discontinued operations(d)                                                                                                 -                                -                                                                                      -                                                                                    (2,879)
certain significant items:
restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation-asset restructuring(e)                (61)                             (197)                                                                                  -                                                                                        791
certain asset impairments(f)                                                                                               -                                -                                                                                (1,691)                                                                                      1,691
(gains)/losses on equity securities(f)                                                                                     -                                -                                                                 557                                                                                                         (557)
actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses                                               -                                -                                                                                (1,092)                                                                                      1,092
other                                                                                                                      (56)                             (292)                            (h)                                               (691)           (g)                                                                        1,063
income tax provision-non-gaap items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (1,251)
non-gaap adjusted                                                                                                          $8,386                           $11,068                                                                         $(1,781)                                                                                    $12,601                                     $2.24
(a)items that reconcile gaap reported to non-gaap adjusted balances are shown pre-tax. our effective tax rates for gaap reported income from continuing operations were: 9.6% in 2022, 7.6% in 2021 and 5.3% in 2020. see note 5. our effective tax rates for non-gaap adjusted income were: 11.7% in 2022, 14.5% in 2021 and 13.5% in 2020.
(b)includes reconciling amounts for research and development expenses that are not material.
(c)for 2022, the total acquisition-related items of $832 million include reconciling amounts for restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs of $631 million, composed of $348 million of integration costs and other charges, $144 million of transaction costs and $138 million of employee termination-related charges. see note 3.
(d)for information about discontinued operations, see note 2b.
(e)includes employee termination costs, asset impairments and other exit costs related to our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives not associated with acquisitions. see note 3.
(f)see note 4.
(g)for 2022, the total of $636 million primarily includes (i) charges of $307 million mostly representing our equity-method accounting pro rata share of restructuring charges and costs of preparing for separation from gsk recorded by haleon/the consumer healthcare jv, and adjustments to our equity-method basis differences which are also related to the separation of haleon/the consumer healthcare jv from gsk, and (ii) charges of $230 million for certain legal matters, primarily for certain product liability and other expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by pfizer. for 2021, the total of $334 million primarily included (i) charges of $185 million mostly representing our equity-method accounting pro rata share of restructuring charges and costs of preparing for separation from gsk recorded by the consumer healthcare jv, and (ii) charges of $162 million for certain legal matters, primarily for certain product liability expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by pfizer, and to a lesser extent, legal obligations related to pre-acquisition commitments. for 2020, the total of $691 million primarily included (i) charges of $367 million mostly representing our equity-method accounting pro rata share of transaction-specific restructuring and business combination accounting charges recorded by the consumer healthcare jv, and (ii) losses on asset disposals of $238 million.
(h)for 2021 and 2020, the totals of $141 million and $292 million, respectively, primarily included costs for consulting, legal, tax and advisory services associated with a non-recurring internal reorganization of legal entities.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows for a discussion of the drivers of change for 2021 versus 2020 as well as cash flows from discontinued operations in 2020, see the analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows section within md&a in our 2021 form 10-k.
cash flows from continuing operations year ended december 31,
(millions)                                            2022                       2021                          2020                          drivers of change 2022 v. 2021
cash provided by/(used in):
operating activities from continuing operations                $29,267                       $32,922                       $10,540           the change was driven primarily by a net increase in payments to biontech for the gross profit split for comirnaty (see note 8b) and an increase in noncurrent inventories primarily driven by a strategic build for paxlovid (see note 8a), partially offset by higher net income adjusted for non-cash items and the timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business.
investing activities from continuing operations                $(15,783)                     $(22,534)                     $(4,162)          the change was driven mainly by a $17.4 billion increase in proceeds from redemptions of short-term investments with original maturities of greater than three months, a $7.6 billion decrease in net purchases of short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less and a $4.0 billion dividend received from the consumer healthcare jv in 2022 that was allocated to investing activities (see note 2c), partially offset by cash paid for acquisitions in 2022 of $23.0 billion (biohaven, $11.5 billion, arena, $6.2 billion and gbt, $5.2 billion), net of cash acquired (see note 2a).
financing activities from continuing operations                $(14,834)                     $(9,816)                      $(21,640)         the change was driven mostly by $2.0 billion of purchases of the company's common stock in 2022, a $1.3 billion increase in repayments of long-term debt, and a $997 million decrease in proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt.
cash flows from discontinued operations--in 2021, cash flows from discontinued operations primarily relate to our former meridian subsidiary, upjohn business and the mylan-japan collaboration (see note 2b).
analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk due to our significant operating cash flows, which is a key strength of our liquidity and capital resources and our primary funding source, as well as our financial assets, access to capital markets, revolving credit agreements, and available lines of credit, we believe that we have, and will maintain, the ability to meet our liquidity needs to support ongoing operations, our capital allocation objectives, and our contractual and other obligations for the foreseeable future.
we focus efforts to optimize operating cash flows through achieving working capital efficiencies that target accounts receivable, inventories, accounts payable, and other working capital. excess cash from operating cash flows is invested in money market funds and available-for-sale debt securities which consist of primarily high-quality, highly liquid, well-diversified debt securities. we have taken, and will continue to take, a conservative approach to our financial investments and monitoring of our liquidity position in response to market changes. we typically maintain cash and cash equivalent balances and short-term investments which, together with our available revolving credit facilities, are in excess of our commercial paper and other short-term borrowings.
additionally, we may obtain funding through short-term or long-term sources from our access to the capital markets, banking relationships and relationships with other financial intermediaries to meet our liquidity needs.
diverse sources of funds:                 related disclosure presented in this form 10-k internal sources:
•operating cash flows                     consolidated statements of cash flows - operating activities and the analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows within md&amp;a
•cash and cash equivalents                consolidated balance sheets
•money market funds                       note 7a
•available-for-sale debt securities       note 7a, 7b external sources:
short-term funding:
•commercial paper                         note 7c
•revolving credit facilities              note 7c
•lines of credit                          note 7c long-term funding:
•long-term debt                           note 7d
•equity                                   consolidated statements of equity and note 12
for additional information about the sources and uses of our funds and capital resources for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, see the analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows in this md&a.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k credit ratings--the cost and availability of financing are influenced by credit ratings, and an increase or decrease in our credit rating could have a beneficial or adverse effect on financing. our long-term debt is rated high-quality by both s&p and moody's. in november 2022, moody's increased the rating on our long-term debt from a2 to a1 as well as the outlook on our long-term debt to stable; s&p continues to rate the outlook of our long-term debt as stable since november 2020.
the current ratings assigned to our commercial paper and senior unsecured long-term debt:
name of rating agency                              pfizer short-term rating                              pfizer long-term rating                            outlook/watch moody's                                            p-1                                                   a1                                                 stable s&amp;p                                            a-1+                                                  a+                                                 stable a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and the rating is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
capital allocation framework--our capital allocation framework is primarily devised to facilitate (i) the achievement of medical breakthroughs through r&d investments and business development activities and (ii) returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. see the overview of our performance, operating environment, strategy and outlook-our business and strategy section of this md&a.
our current and projected dividends provide a return to shareholders while maintaining sufficient capital to invest in growing our business. our dividends are not restricted by debt covenants. while the dividend level remains a decision of pfizer's bod and will continue to be evaluated in the context of future business performance, we currently believe that we can support future annual dividend increases, barring significant unforeseen events. in december 2022, our bod declared a first-quarter dividend of $0.41 per share, payable on march 3, 2023, to shareholders of record at the close of business on january 27, 2023. the first-quarter 2023 cash dividend will be our 337th consecutive quarterly dividend.
in the first quarter of 2022, we purchased 39 million shares of our common stock at a cost of $2.0 billion under our publicly announced share purchase plan. see note 12 for more information. at december 31, 2022, our remaining share-purchase authorization was approximately $3.3 billion.
off-balance sheet arrangements, contractual, and other obligations--in the ordinary course of business, (i) we enter into off-balance sheet arrangements that may result in contractual and other obligations and (ii) in connection with the sale of assets and businesses and other transactions, we often indemnify our counterparties against certain liabilities that may arise in connection with the transaction or that are related to events and activities. for more information on guarantees and indemnifications, see note 16b.
additionally, certain of our co-promotion or license agreements give our licensors or partners the rights to negotiate for, or in some cases to obtain under certain financial conditions, co-promotion or other rights in specified countries with respect to certain of our products. furthermore, collaboration, licensing or other r&d arrangements may give rise to potential milestone payments. payments under these agreements generally become due and payable only upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory and/or commercialization milestones, which may span several years and which may never occur.
our significant contractual and other obligations as of december 31, 2022 consisted of:
•long-term debt, including current portion (see note 7d) and related interest payments;
•estimated cash payments related to the tcja repatriation estimated tax liability (see note 5). estimated future payments related to the tcja repatriation tax liability that will occur after december 31, 2022 total $7.0 billion, of which an estimated $1.0 billion is to be paid in the next twelve months and an estimated $6.0 billion is to be paid in periods thereafter. our obligations may vary as a result of changes in our uncertain tax positions and/or availability of attributes such as foreign tax and other credit carryforwards;
•certain commitments totaling $4.4 billion, of which an estimated $1.4 billion is to be paid in the next twelve months, and $3.0 billion in periods thereafter (see note 16c);
•purchases of property plant and equipment (see note 9). in 2023, we expect to spend approximately $3.9 billion on property, plant and equipment; and
•future minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases (see note 15).
in march 2022, in connection with gsk's previously announced planned demerger, the consumer healthcare jv issued notes of $8.75 billion, €2.35 billion and £700 million with various maturities. gsk guaranteed the notes and we agreed to indemnify gsk for 32% of any amount payable by gsk. in conjunction with the completion of gsk's demerger transactions in july 2022, gsk's guarantee and our related indemnification of gsk's guarantee were terminated. see note 2c.
global economic conditions--venezuela and argentina operations, and beginning in our second quarter of 2022, our operations in turkey function in a hyperinflationary economy. the impact to pfizer is not considered material. for additional information on the global economic environment, see the item 1a. risk factors--global operations section in this form 10-k.
market risk--we are subject to foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, and equity price risk. the objective of our financial risk management program is to minimize the impact of foreign exchange rate and interest rate movements on our earnings. we address such exposures through a combination of operational means and financial instruments. for more information on how we manage our foreign exchange and interest rate risks, see notes 1f and 7e, as well as the item 1a. risk factors-global operations section in this form 10-k for key currencies in which we operate. our sensitivity analyses of such risks are discussed below.
foreign exchange risk-the fair values of our financial instrument holdings are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to foreign exchange rate changes. in this analysis, holding all other assumptions constant and assuming that a change in one currency's rate relative to the u.s. dollar would not have any effect on another currency's rates relative to the u.s. dollar, if the dollar were to appreciate against all other currencies by 10%, as of december 31, 2022, the expected adverse impact on our net income would not be significant.
interest rate risk-the fair values of our financial instrument holdings are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to interest rate changes. in this analysis, holding all other assumptions constant and assuming a parallel shift in the interest rate curve for all maturities and for all instruments, if there were a one hundred basis point decrease in interest rates as of december 31, 2022, the expected adverse impact on our net income would not be significant.
pfizer inc.       2022 form 10-k equity price risk--we hold equity securities with readily determinable fair values in life science companies as a result of certain business development transactions. while we are holding such securities, we are subject to equity price risk, and this may increase the volatility of our income in future periods due to changes in the fair value of equity investments. from time to time, we will sell such equity securities based on our business considerations, which may include limiting our price risk. our equity securities with readily determinable fair values are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to equity price rate changes. in this sensitivity analysis, the expected adverse impact on our net income would not be significant.
libor--from time to time, we issued variable rate debt or entered into interest rate derivatives based on libor. the most commonly used u.s. dollar libor rates will cease publication after june 30, 2023, and all other libor rates ceased publication as of december 31, 2021. the u.s. federal reserve has selected the secured overnight funding rate (sofr) as the preferred alternative reference rate. we have been updating our systems and all of our libor-based contracts as of december 31, 2022 contain fallback language to accommodate an alternative reference rate. we do not expect the transition to have a significant impact on our business or financial condition.
new accounting standards recently adopted accounting standard see note 1b.
recently issued accounting standards, not adopted as of december 31, 2022
standard/description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               effective date                                                                                                                                                    effect on the financial statements reference rate reform provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the guidance for contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference libor or another reference rate expected to be discontinued after 2021 because of reference rate reform.the new guidance provides the following optional expedients:1. simplify accounting analyses under current u.s. gaap for contract modifications.2. simplify the assessment of hedge effectiveness and allow hedging relationships affected by reference rate reform to continue.3. allow a one-time election to sell or transfer debt securities classified as held to maturity that reference a rate affected by reference rate reform.                            elections can be adopted prospectively at any time through december 31, 2024.                                                                                     we will apply certain of the optional expedients on hedge accounting relationships and related contracts, if necessary. we do not expect this new guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in june 2022, the fasb issued final guidance to clarify that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered when measuring fair value. recognizing a contractual sale restriction as a separate unit of account is not permitted.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              january 1, 2024, with early adoption permitted.                                                                                                                   we are assessing the impact, but currently do not expect this new guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in september 2022, the fasb issued final guidance to enhance transparency about an entity's use of supplier finance programs. under the final guidance, the buyer in a supplier finance program is required to disclose information about the key terms of the program, outstanding confirmed amounts as of the end of the period, a rollforward of such amounts during each annual period, and a description of where in the financial statements outstanding amounts are presented.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              january 1, 2023, except for the amendment on rollforward information, which is effective january 1, 2024. early adoption is permitted.                            this new guidance will result in increased disclosures in the notes to our financial statements.
