item 1a.  risk factors cautionary statement for purposes of the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report contains forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. our forward-looking statements express our current expectations or forecasts of possible future results or events, including projections of earnings and other financial performance measures, statements of management's expectations regarding our strategic, operational and capital allocation plans and objectives, management's views on industry, economic, competitive, technological and regulatory conditions and other forecasts of trends and other matters. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this filing, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise such statements to reflect new circumstances or unanticipated events as they occur. you can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historic or current facts and often use words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "believe," "will likely result," "outlook," "project," "may," "can," "plan," "target," "potential," "should" and other words and expressions of similar meaning.
no assurance can be given that the expected results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved, and actual results may differ materially due to one or more factors. for these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the private securities litigation reform act.
risk factors certain factors that may affect our business and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement are described below. investors should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k. the risks discussed below are not the only risks we face. other risks or uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently believe are immaterial, may materially affect our business if they occur. moreover, new risks emerge from time to time. further, our business may also be affected by additional factors that generally apply to all companies operating in the u.s. and globally, which we have not included below.
risks relating to macroeconomic conditions the demand for our products may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions and changes in consumer discretionary spending.
consumer discretionary spending significantly affects our sales and is impacted by factors outside of our control, including general economic conditions, the residential housing market, unemployment rates, wage levels, interest rate fluctuations, inflation, disposable income levels, consumer confidence and access to credit. in economic downturns or recessions, the demand for swimming pool, irrigation, landscape and related outdoor living products may decline, often corresponding with declines in discretionary consumer spending, the growth rate of pool eligible households and swimming pool construction. maintenance and repair products and certain replacement and refurbishment products are required to maintain existing swimming pools, and each currently accounts for approximately 60% and 21% to 23% of net sales related to our swimming pool business. however, the growth in this portion of our business depends on the expansion of the installed pool base, which could also be adversely affected by decreases in construction activities, similar to the trends between late 2006 and early 2010. a weak economy may also cause consumers to defer discretionary replacement and refurbishment activity. even in generally favorable economic conditions, severe and/or prolonged downturns in the housing market could have a material adverse impact on our financial performance. such downturns expose us to certain additional risks, including but not limited to the risk of customer closures or bankruptcies, which could shrink our potential customer base and inhibit our ability to collect on those customers' receivables.
we believe that homeowners' access to consumer credit at attractive interest rates is a critical factor enabling the purchase of new pools, irrigation systems and outdoor living products. between late 2006 and early 2010, the unfavorable economic conditions and downturn in the housing market resulted in significant tightening of credit markets, which limited the ability of consumers to access financing for new swimming pools and irrigation systems. any similar tightening of consumer credit or increase in interest rates could prevent consumers from obtaining financing for pool, irrigation and related outdoor projects, which could negatively impact our sales of construction-related products.
discretionary spending is often adversely affected during times of economic, social or political uncertainty. the potential for natural or man-made disasters or extreme weather, geopolitical events and security issues, labor or trade disputes and similar events could create these types of uncertainties and negatively impact our business in ways that we cannot presently predict.
changes in our customer base could also impact us. our business could be adversely impacted if (i) consolidation of our customers leads to changes in purchasing habits, (ii) more people choose to live in urban settings or (iii) more homeowners bypass our customers by directly procuring their own supplies or undertaking their own improvement projects.
during 2022, interest rates and inflation rose, economic activity slowed and consumer credit tightened, which led to a slowdown in new pool permits (signaling a decline in new construction projects). many experts are predicting a further downturn in 2023 for the united states economy and much of the global economy. although the severity and duration of any such downturn is difficult to predict, we expect the heightened demand for our products during the pandemic to moderate as consumers apply less disposable income to pools and other home improvements.
the covid-19 pandemic, other major public health crises in the future, and associated responses could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic and its aftermath significantly impacted economic activity and markets throughout the world. even as efforts to contain the pandemic, including vaccinations, have fostered progress and eased restrictions, new variants of the virus have caused additional outbreaks and uncertainties. our increased growth rates in the latter half of 2020 through the first half of 2022 were driven by home-centric trends influenced by the covid-19 pandemic, during which many consumers spent more time at their homes due to travel restrictions and remote work arrangements. we believe the easing of the pandemic in 2022 led to more travel and other out-of-home activities. impacts from the covid-19 pandemic, coupled with heightened demand, adversely impacted our supply chain in the latter half of 2021 through the beginning of 2022, making it difficult to source and receive products needed to keep our customers adequately supplied. notwithstanding recent improvements, there are continuing uncertainties regarding how long covid-19 and its variant strains will continue to impact the global economy and our supply chain and the effect of the pandemic on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including its impact on our customers and trade partners, all of which remain uncertain. accordingly, covid-19, or any other future major public health crisis, may have negative impacts on our business in the future, and any future adverse impacts on our business may be worse than we anticipate.
risks relating to our business and industry we are susceptible to adverse weather conditions, which could intensify as a result of climate change.
given the nature of our business, weather is one of the principal external factors affecting our business and the effect of seasonality has a significant impact on our results. in 2022, we generated approximately 59% of our net sales and 67% of our operating income in the second and third quarters of the year. these quarters represent the peak months of swimming pool use, pool and irrigation installation and remodeling and repair activities. unfavorable weather during these quarters in our largest geographic regions can significantly affect our results. unseasonably late warming trends in the spring or early cooling trends in the fall can shorten the length of the pool season. also, unseasonably cool weather or extraordinary rainfall during the peak season can have an adverse impact on demand due to decreased swimming pool use, installation and maintenance, as well as decreased irrigation installations. while warmer weather conditions favorably impact our sales, global warming trends and other significant climate changes can create more variability in the short term or lead to other unfavorable weather conditions that could adversely impact our sales or operations. drought conditions or water management initiatives may lead to government-imposed water use restrictions. such restrictions could result in decreased pool and irrigation system installations which could negatively impact our sales.
certain extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, tropical storms, floods, drought and wildfires, may adversely impact us in several ways, including interfering with our ability to deliver our products and services, interfering with our receipt of supplies from our vendors, reducing demand for our products and services, and damaging our facilities. we have experienced short-term impacts on our sales due to closures from weather events in recent years, including hurricane ian in florida in 2022. although these events have not had any material lasting impacts on our business or resulted in any material permanent operational challenges, similar events could adversely affect our business in the future. the areas in which we operate, including california, florida, texas and other coastal areas, have experienced recent natural disasters or present increased risks of adverse weather or natural disasters. the physical effects of climate change may increase the frequency or severity of natural disasters and other extreme weather events in the future, which would increase our exposure to these risks.
for additional discussion regarding seasonality and weather, see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - seasonality and quarterly fluctuations," of this form 10-k.
our distribution business is highly dependent on our ability to maintain favorable relationships with suppliers.
as a distribution company, maintaining favorable relationships with our suppliers is critical to our success. we believe that we add considerable value to the swimming pool and irrigation supply chains by purchasing products from a large number of manufacturers and distributing the products to a highly fragmented customer base on conditions that are more favorable than these customers could obtain on their own. we believe that we currently enjoy good relationships with our suppliers, who generally offer us competitive pricing, return policies and promotional allowances. however, any failure to maintain favorable relationships with our suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business.
our largest suppliers are pentair plc, hayward pool products, inc. and zodiac pool systems, inc., which accounted for approximately 18%, 11% and 9%, respectively, of the costs of products we sold in 2022. a decision by our largest suppliers, acting individually or in concert, to sell their products directly to retailers or other end users of their products, bypassing distribution companies like ours, would have an adverse effect on our business. additionally, if our suppliers experience difficulties or disruptions in their operations, if there is any material interruption in our supply chain (such as the interruptions caused by the covid-19 pandemic and exacerbated by the invasion of ukraine) or if we lose a single significant supplier due to financial failure or a decision to sell exclusively to retailers or end-use consumers, we may experience increased supply costs or delays in establishing replacement supply sources that meet our quality and control standards, which may affect our profitability.
we depend on a global network of suppliers to source our products, including our own branded products and products we have exclusive distribution rights to. failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality and safety could damage our reputation, expose us to litigation and negatively impact our financial performance.
we rely on manufacturers and other suppliers to provide us with the products we distribute. to succeed, we must continue to maintain effective business relationships with qualified suppliers who can timely and efficiently supply us with high quality products. as we increase the number of pool corporation and affiliate branded products we distribute, our exposure to potential liability claims may increase. product and service quality issues could negatively impact customer confidence in our brands and our business. if our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers' expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks, as well as governmental enforcement actions. actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns, including health-related concerns, could damage our reputation with current or prospective customers, vendors and employees. product quality or safety issues could also expose us to litigation, as well as government enforcement actions, and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. similar concerns impacting our competitors could damage the reputation of our industry and indirectly have an unfavorable impact on our operations.
we face intense competition both from within our industry and from other leisure product alternatives.
within our industry, we directly compete against various regional and local distributors for the business of pool owners and other end-use customers. we indirectly compete against mass market retailers and large pool or irrigation supply retailers as they purchase the great majority of their needs directly from manufacturers. we compete to a lesser extent with internet retailers, as they purchase the majority of their needs from distributors. outside of our industry, we compete indirectly with alternative suppliers of big-ticket consumer discretionary products, such as boat and motor home distributors, and with other companies who rely on discretionary homeowner expenditures, such as home remodelers.
new competitors may emerge as there are low barriers to entry in our industry, which has led to highly competitive markets consisting of various-sized entities, ranging from small or local operators to large regional businesses. if our customers are attracted by the alternatives afforded by any of our competitors, they may be less inclined to purchase products or services from us, impacting our results of operations. given the density and demand for pool products, some geographic markets that we serve also tend to have a higher concentration of competitors than others, particularly california, texas, florida and arizona. these states encompass our four largest markets and represented approximately 53% of our net sales in 2022. the entry of significant new competitors into these markets could negatively impact our sales.
more aggressive competition by store- and internet-based mass merchants and large pool or irrigation supply retailers could adversely affect our sales.
mass market retailers today carry a limited range of, and devote a limited amount of shelf space to, merchandise and products targeted to our industry. historically, mass market retailers have generally expanded by adding new stores and product breadth, but their product offering of pool and irrigation related products has remained relatively constant. should store‐ and internet-based mass market retailers increase their focus on the pool or irrigation industries, or increase the breadth of their pool and irrigation and related product offerings, they may become a more significant competitor for our direct customers and end-use consumers, which could have an adverse impact on our business. additionally, because the internet facilitates competitive entry, price transparency and comparison shopping, increased internet sales by us or our competitors could increase the level of competition we face or reduce our margin. further, we may face additional competitive pressures if large pool or irrigation supply retailers look to expand their customer base to compete more directly within the distribution channel.
we depend on our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel.
we consider our employees to be the foundation for our growth and success. as such, our future success depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. this includes succession planning related to our executive officers and key management personnel. hiring and retaining such qualified individuals may be adversely impacted by global and domestic economic uncertainty, and increased competition for such qualified individuals. if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, our operating results could be adversely affected.
given the seasonal nature of our business, we may hire additional employees during the summer months, including seasonal and part-time employees, who generally are not employed during the off-season. if we are unable to attract and hire additional personnel during the peak season, our operating results could be negatively impacted. additionally, competition for qualified employees could require us to pay higher wages to attract and retain a sufficient number of employees.
the pandemic and other events over the past few years have increased employees' expectations regarding compensation, workplace flexibility and work-home balance. these developments have made it more difficult for us to attract and retain top talent. we do not expect these developments to have a material adverse impact on us, but we can provide no assurances to this effect.
past growth may not be indicative of future growth.
historically, we have experienced substantial sales growth through organic market share gains, new sales center openings, expanded product offerings and acquisitions that have increased our size, scope and geographic distribution. our various business strategies and initiatives, including our growth initiatives, are subject to business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. while we contemplate continued growth through internal expansion and acquisitions, no assurance can be made as to our ability to:
•penetrate new markets;
•generate sufficient cash flows to support expansion plans and general operating activities;
•obtain financing;
•identify appropriate acquisition candidates and successfully integrate acquired businesses;
•identify appropriate locations for new sales centers and successfully integrate them into our network;
•maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships; and
•identify and divest assets which do not continue to create value consistent with our objectives.
if we do not manage these potential difficulties successfully, our operating results could be adversely affected.
our results in 2020 through the first half of 2022 were positively impacted by home-centric trends resulting from the covid-19 pandemic. recent trends, including a lower number of permits issued for new pools, suggest that new construction activities are moderating. while we expect home-centric trends to continue, we do not expect to realize the same growth that we recognized at the height of the pandemic. these trends may not continue, or may reverse, which could adversely impact our results of operations. in addition, in recent years our customers have had difficulty employing a sufficient number of qualified individuals to keep up with the demand for pool installation, maintenance and refurbishment. if this trend continues or accelerates, our results of operations could be negatively impacted.
we are subject to inventory management risks. insufficient inventory may result in lost sales opportunities or delayed revenue, while excess inventory may negatively impact our gross margin.
we balance the need to maintain inventory levels that are sufficient to ensure competitive lead times and mitigate potential supply chain constraints against the risk of inventory obsolescence due to changing customer or consumer requirements and fluctuating commodity prices. in order to successfully manage our inventories, we must estimate demand from our customers and purchase products that substantially correspond to consumer demand. if we overestimate demand and purchase too much of a particular product, we face a risk that the price of that product will fall, leaving us with inventory that we cannot sell at normal profit margins. in addition, we may have to write down such inventory if we are unable to sell it for its recorded value.
if we underestimate demand and purchase insufficient quantities of products, inventory shortages could result in delayed revenue or loss of sales opportunities altogether as potential customers turn to competitors' products that are readily available. if we maintain insufficient inventory levels and prices rise for these products, we could be forced to purchase products at higher prices and forego profitability in order to meet customer demand. while always present, these challenges have been heightened over the past couple years, as the pandemic altered consumer spending trends and caused us to increase our investments in inventory. our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted if either or both of these situations occur frequently or in large volumes.
risks relating to technology, cybersecurity and data privacy we rely on information technology systems to support our business operations. a significant disturbance, breach or cybersecurity attack of our technological infrastructure could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
information technology supports several aspects of our business, including among others, product sourcing, pricing, customer service, transaction processing, inventory management, financial reporting, collections and cost management.  our ability to operate effectively on a day-to-day basis, communicate with our customers and accurately report our results depends on a reliable technological infrastructure, which is inherently susceptible to internal and external threats. we are vulnerable to interruption by fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunication failures, internet failures, security breaches and other catastrophic events. exposure to various types of cyber-attacks such as malware, computer viruses, worms, ransomware or other malicious acts, as well as human error, could also potentially disrupt our operations, result in a significant interruption in the delivery of our goods and services or result in the loss of sensitive data.
we are making, and expect to continue to make, investments in technology to maintain and update our computer systems and to expand our ability to engage in e-commerce with our customers. we may not implement these changes as quickly or successfully as our customers expect. in addition, implementing significant system changes increases the risk of computer system disruption. the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives or conversions (including those contemplated under our multi-year systems upgrade project), as well as providing training and support for those initiatives, could disrupt or reduce our operational efficiency. advances in computer and software capabilities, encryption technology and other discoveries increase the complexity of our technological environment, including how each interact with our various software platforms. such advances could delay or hinder our ability to process transactions or could compromise the integrity of our data, resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. we also may experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our information systems unavailable or slow to respond, including the interaction of our information systems with those of third parties or the failure of software of services provided by third parties that we do not control. a lack of sophistication or reliability of our information systems could adversely impact our operations and customer service and could require major repairs or replacements, resulting in significant costs and foregone revenue.
like other companies our size, we devote significant resources to protect our systems and data from cyber-attacks. despite our substantial efforts to defend against these attacks, we have faced various attempted cyber-attacks that did not result in a material adverse effect on our operations, operating results or financial condition. the risk of breaches is likely to continue to increase due to several factors, including the increasing sophistication of cyber-attacks, the wider accessibility of cyber-attack tools and increased reliance on e-commerce, open source software, cloud computer services and work-from-home staffing. known and newly discovered software and hardware vulnerabilities are constantly evolving, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. consequently, we may not be able to implement security barriers or other preventative measures that repel all future cyber-attacks or detect such attacks in a timely manner to minimize the potential business disruption and unfavorable financial impacts.
although we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions (including self-insured deductibles, coverage restrictions and monetary coverage caps), cover certain aspects of our cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be unavailable or insufficient to cover our losses.
failure to maintain the security of confidential information could damage our reputation and expose us to litigation. additionally, changes in data privacy laws and our ability to comply with them could have a material adverse effect on us.
we collect and store data that is sensitive to us and our employees, customers and vendors. the failure to maintain security over and prevent unauthorized access to our data, our customers' personal information, including credit card information, or data belonging to our suppliers, could put us at a competitive disadvantage. such a breach could result in damage to our reputation and subject us to potential litigation, liability, fines and penalties and require us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these issues, resulting in a possible material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
a variety of state, national, foreign and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal and other data. the european union and other international regulators, as well as state governments, have recently enacted or enhanced data privacy regulations, such as the california consumer privacy rights act, and other governments are considering establishing similar or stronger protections. these regulations impose certain obligations for handling specified personal information in our systems and for apprising individuals of the information we have collected about them. many of these laws are complex and change frequently and often conflict with the laws in other jurisdictions. despite our best efforts to comply, any noncompliance could result in incurring potential substantial penalties and reputational damage.
risks relating to legal, regulatory and compliance matters the nature of our business subjects us to compliance with employment, environmental, health, transportation, safety and other governmental regulations. our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations.
we are subject to regulation under federal, state, local and international employment, environmental, health, transportation and safety requirements, which govern such things as packaging, labeling, handling, transportation, storage and sale of chemicals and fertilizers. these laws and regulations, and related interpretations and enforcement activity, may change as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic or social events. changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations governing minimum wage or living wage requirements, the classification of exempt and non-exempt employees or other wage, labor or workplace regulations could increase our costs of doing business and adversely impact our results of operations.
we sell algaecides and pest control products that are regulated as pesticides under the federal insecticide, fungicide and rodenticide act and various state pesticide laws. these laws primarily relate to labeling, annual registration and licensing. management has processes in place to facilitate and support our compliance with these requirements. however, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in investigations, the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal fines, damages, seizures, disgorgements, penalties or the imposition of injunctive relief. moreover, compliance with such laws and regulations in the future could prove to be costly. although we presently do not expect to incur any capital or other expenditures relating to regulatory matters in amounts that may be material to us, we may be required to make such expenditures in the future. these laws and regulations have changed substantially and rapidly over the last 25 years and we anticipate that there will be continuing changes.
the clear trend in environmental, health, transportation and safety regulations is to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that impact the environment, such as the use and handling of chemicals and the discharge of greenhouse gases. increasingly, strict restrictions and limitations have resulted in higher operating costs for us and it is possible that the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations will continue to increase. our attempts to anticipate future regulatory requirements that might be imposed and our plans to remain in compliance with changing regulations and to minimize the costs of such compliance may not be as effective as we anticipate.
governmental actions designed to address climate change or the failure to meet environmental social and governance ("esg") expectations or standards or achieve our esg goals could adversely affect our business.
concern over climate change has led to and may in the future lead to new or increased legal and regulatory requirements designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change or increase disclosure related to climate change, which could increase our operating or capital expenses and compliance burdens. in particular, advocates of change are continuing to explore ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. these changes over time could affect the availability and cost of certain consumer products, commodities and energy, which in turn may impact our ability to procure certain products or services required for the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require. the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions could result in additional taxes or other costs to us or require us to modify our facilities or vehicle fleet. changes in customers' attitudes toward the environmental impact of pools' energy consumption or pool chemical products could reduce demand for our products.
we have set certain targets aimed at reducing our impact on the environment and climate change. these initiatives reflect our current plans and aspirations, and it is possible that we may not be able to achieve such targets or our desired impact, which may cause us to suffer from legal claims, reputational damage or a loss of demand for our products. actions we take to achieve our strategy or targets could result in increased costs to our operations. investors or other stakeholders could react negatively to our targets or other positions we take on esg matters, which could negatively impact our relationships with such stakeholders.
we store chemicals, fertilizers and other combustible materials that involve fire, safety and casualty risks.
we store chemicals and fertilizers, including certain combustibles and oxidizing compounds, at our sales centers. a fire, explosion or flood affecting one of our facilities could give rise to fire, safety and casualty losses and related liability claims. we maintain what we believe is prudent insurance protection. however, we cannot guarantee that our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover future claims that may arise or that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates we consider reasonable. successful claims for which we are not fully insured may adversely affect our working capital and profitability. in addition, changes in the insurance industry have generally led to higher insurance costs and decreased availability of coverage.
we conduct business internationally, which exposes us to additional risks.
our ability to successfully conduct operations in, and source products and materials from, international markets is affected by many of the same risks we face in our u.s. operations, as well as unique costs and difficulties of managing international operations. our international operations, including canada and mexico, which accounted for 8% of our total net sales in 2022, expose us to certain additional risks, including:
•difficulty in staffing international subsidiary operations;
•different political, economic and regulatory conditions;
•local laws and customs;
•currency fluctuations (including the current strength of the u.s. dollar compared to foreign currencies), exchange controls and repatriation restrictions;
•adverse tax consequences; and
•adverse consequences for violating anti-corruption, anti-competition, economic sanctions, immigration and other laws governing international commerce.
for foreign-sourced products, we may be subject to certain trade restrictions that would prevent us from obtaining products. there is also a greater risk that we may not be able to access products in a timely and efficient manner. fluctuations in other factors relating to international trade, such as tariffs, transportation costs and inflation are additional risks for our international operations.
we do not have operations in russia or ukraine. however, the contributory effects of the war in ukraine and prolonged geopolitical conflict globally may continue to result in increased inflation, increased labor costs, escalating energy and commodity prices and increasing costs of materials and services (together with shortages or inconsistent availability of materials and services), which could negatively affect our business (particularly our european operations), results of operations and financial condition.
changes in import policy or trade relations, interruptions in our supply chain or increased commodity or supply chain costs could adversely affect our results of operations.
like other companies globally, we faced supply chain disruptions across our business in 2021 and the early part of 2022, which led to increased costs, delays and in some cases lost opportunities. as a result of these supply chain disruptions, our procurement and operational business functions increased planning and strategic purchasing and sourced products internationally where needed. because we source certain products from outside the united states, major changes in tax policy, import or export regulations or trade relations, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for imported products or the imposition of additional tariffs or duties on imported products, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity and net income.
we may have exposure to higher duty and tariff costs on certain of our imported products. we recorded $13.0 million within cost of sales in the fourth quarter of 2022 related to duties and tariffs for certain imported chemicals. this amount primarily relates to 2022 purchases from china, where we determined, prior to submission of final liquidation amounts of our import duties and tariffs, that the initial code we used to classify the product may only apply to bulk purchases. to protect against potential penalties and receive clarification on the issue, we voluntarily filed a disclosure with u.s. customs and border protection in december 2022. changes in laws, court rulings, or differences in interpretation on product classification could lead to increased duty and tariff rates on these or other imported products.
excess tax benefits or deficiencies recognized from our accounting for share-based awards impact our reported earnings.
in 2017, we adopted accounting standards update (asu) 2016-09, improvements to employee share-based payment accounting. our projections of financial statement impacts related to asu 2016-09 are subject to several assumptions which can vary significantly, including our estimated share price and the period that our employees will exercise vested stock options. excess tax benefits or deficiencies recognized under asu 2016-09 vary from quarter to quarter and past results may not be indicative of future results.
risks relating to our indebtedness increases in interest rates would increase the cost of servicing our debt and could reduce our profitability.
our unsecured syndicated senior credit facility, term facility and receivable facility bear interest at variable rates. we have entered into interest rate swap contracts and a forward-starting interest rate swap contract to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in variable interest rates on current and future interest payments that we owe on a portion of our variable rate borrowings. increases in interest rates for any amount of our variable rate debt not covered by our interest rate swaps could increase the cost of servicing our debt and could materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. for additional information regarding our interest rate risk, see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" of this form 10-k.
we may be adversely affected by the transition away from libor and the use of sofr or other alternative reference rates.
borrowings under our unsecured syndicated senior credit facility, term facility and interest rate swap contracts are indexed to the london inter-bank offering rate ("libor"). on july 27, 2017, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, announced that it intended to phase out libor by the end of 2021. for u.s. dollar libor, the cessation date has been deferred to june 30, 2023 for the most commonly used tenors (overnight and one, three and six months). the federal reserve system, in conjunction with the alternative reference rates committee, has recommended the replacement of libor with a new index, calculated by short-term repurchase agreements collateralized by u.s. treasury securities, called the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"). using sofr as the basis on which interest on our variable-rate debt and/or under our interest rate swaps is calculated may result in interest rates and/or payments that do not directly correlate over time with the interest rates and/or payments that would have been made on our obligations if libor was available in its current form. the potential effect of the replacement of libor on our cost of capital cannot yet be determined.
general risks changes in tax laws and accounting standards related to tax matters have caused, and may in the future cause, fluctuations in our effective tax rate.
taxation and tax policy changes, tax rate changes, new tax laws, revised tax law interpretations and changes in accounting standards and guidance related to tax matters may cause fluctuations in or adversely affect our effective tax rate. our effective tax rate may also be impacted by changes in the geographic mix of our earnings.
we cannot assure you we will continue paying dividends at the current rates, or at all.
we cannot assure you we will continue periodic dividends on our capital stock at the current rates, or at all. any quarterly dividends on our common stock will be paid from funds legally available for such purpose when, and if, declared by our board of directors. decisions on whether, when and in which amounts to continue making any future dividend distributions will remain at all times entirely at the discretion of our board of directors, which reserves the right to change or terminate our dividend practices at any time and for any reason without prior notice. holders of our common stock should be aware they have no contractual or other legal right to receive dividends.
similarly, holders of our common stock should be aware that repurchases of our common stock under any repurchase plan then in effect are completely discretionary and may be suspended or discontinued at any time for any reason regardless of our financial position.
lapses in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting could materially and adversely affect us.
we maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurances regarding the accuracy and completeness of our sec reports and internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability and compliance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") of our financial statements. we cannot assure you these measures will be effective.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a discussion of our base business calculations, see the results of operations section below.
2022 financial overview financial results net sales increased 17% to $6.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to $5.3 billion in 2021. base business sales increased 12%. net sales benefited approximately 10% from inflationary product cost increases and were aided by solid consumer demand for outdoor living products throughout the year. net sales were also unfavorably impacted 1% from currency exchange rate fluctuations, 1% from softness in our european markets and generally less favorable weather conditions on a year-over-year comparison.
gross profit reached $1.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, a 20% increase over gross profit of $1.6 billion in 2021. gross margin improved 80 basis points to 31.3% in 2022 compared to 30.5% in 2021, reflecting benefits from acquisitions, increased pricing and supply chain management initiatives. these increases were partially offset by $13.0 million recorded within cost of sales in the fourth quarter of 2022 related to increased duties and tariffs for certain imported chemicals. given supply chain improvements through the latter half of 2022, we do not expect to import a significant portion of this product in 2023.
selling and administrative expenses (operating expenses) increased 16%, or $123.3 million, to $907.6 million in 2022, including a 1% benefit from currency exchange rate fluctuations. base business operating expenses rose only 6% compared to 12% base business gross profit growth. as a percentage of net sales, operating expenses declined 10 basis points to 14.7% in 2022 compared to 14.8% in 2021. our operating expenses have generally increased in line with sales growth to support our business, including recent acquisitions.
operating income for the year increased 23% to $1.0 billion, up from $832.8 million in 2021. operating margin increased 90 basis points to 16.6% in 2022 compared to 15.7% in 2021.
interest and other non-operating expenses, net for the year increased $32.3 million compared to 2021, primarily reflecting higher average debt levels and higher average interest rates.
we recorded a $10.8 million, or $0.27 per diluted share, tax benefit from accounting standards update (asu) 2016-09, improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to a tax benefit of $30.0 million, or $0.74 per diluted share, realized in 2021.
net income increased 15% to $748.5 million in 2022 compared to $650.6 million in 2021. earnings per share increased 17% to $18.70 per diluted share compared to $15.97 per diluted share in 2021. without the impact from asu 2016-09 in both periods, earnings per diluted share increased 21% to $18.43 per diluted share compared to $15.23 per diluted share in 2021. see results of operations below for definitions of our non-gaap measures and reconciliations of our non-gaap measures to gaap measures.
financial position and liquidity cash provided by operations was $484.9 million in 2022. cash provided by operations throughout the year helped fund a portion of the following initiatives:
•share repurchases, totaling $471.2 million for the year;
•net working capital outflows of $342.4 million;
•quarterly cash dividend payments to shareholders, totaling $150.6 million for the year; and
•net capital expenditures of $43.6 million.
total net receivables, including pledged receivables, decreased 7% compared to december 31, 2021, primarily driven by slower december sales compared to last year. our allowance for doubtful accounts was $9.5 million at december 31, 2022 and $5.9 million at december 31, 2021. our days sales outstanding ratio, as calculated on a trailing four quarters basis, was 26.9 days at december 31, 2022 and 25.6 days at december 31, 2021.
inventory levels grew 19% to $1.6 billion at december 31, 2022 compared to $1.3 billion at december 31, 2021, reflecting increased purchasing to stock new locations and ensure product availability across our sales center network and impacts from inflation. our reserve for inventory obsolescence was $21.2 million at december 31, 2022 compared to $15.2 million at december 31, 2021. our inventory turns, as calculated on a trailing four quarters basis, were 2.6 times at december 31, 2022 and 3.4 times at december 31, 2021.
accrued expenses and other current liabilities decreased $96.4 million to $168.5 million at december 31, 2022. as allowed for companies impacted by hurricane ida, we deferred our 2021 third and fourth quarter estimated federal tax payments totaling $79.5 million, which were paid in february 2022 and account for the majority of the decrease in accrued expenses and other current liabilities.
total debt outstanding of $1.4 billion at december 31, 2022 increased $203.5 million compared to december 31, 2021 as we have utilized debt proceeds over the past year to fund a portion of our share repurchases, dividend payments and investments in working capital.
current trends and outlook over the past decade, consumers' investments in their homes, including backyard renovations, have flourished. particularly, over the past couple of years, steady increases in home values and lack of affordable new homes have prompted homeowners to stay in their homes longer and upgrade their home environments, including their backyards. many families have spent more time at home and sought opportunities to create or expand home-based outdoor living and entertainment spaces. these trends resulted in an increase in new pool construction and greater expenditures for maintenance and remodeling products. more recent trends, including a lower number of permits issued for new pools, suggest that new construction activities are moderating after a period of significant growth. in 2022, we estimate that new pool construction decreased 16% to approximately 98,000 units from 117,000 units in 2021 when new pool construction units had increased 22% over 2020. we expect that consumers will continue to invest in outdoor living spaces, although at lower levels than observed in 2020 through the first half of 2022. despite the recent decline in residential construction activities, we believe that we are well positioned to benefit from the inherent long-term growth opportunities in our industry fueled by favorable population migration trends, strong housing demand dynamics, increased interest in backyards and outdoor living and new product developments.
market conditions were challenged in 2022 by significant interest rate increases and geopolitical concerns. supply chain constraints combined with strong consumer demand led to high inflation. general uncertainty around market and economic expectations for 2023 may significantly impact our industry. the recent uptick in overall affordability concerns, including higher mortgage interest rates and product cost and labor inflation, may lead to consumer hesitancy resulting in some cyclical suppression of demand. while an economic slowdown would impact new pool construction and remodeling (each of which comprises roughly 20% of our total consolidated business), non-discretionary maintenance product sales, which comprise about 60% of our business, are not expected to be significantly impacted.
in view of current trends and economic concerns, we established our outlook for 2023 based on reasonable expectations for industry demand, pricing and inflationary conditions, focused expense management and ongoing leverage of existing investments in our business and continuous process improvements. we also plan to broaden our geographic presence by opening about 10 new sales centers in 2023 and by making selective acquisitions when appropriate opportunities arise.
we base our assumptions on normal weather conditions and do not incorporate alternative weather predictions into our guidance.  favorable weather positively impacts industry activity by accelerating growth in any given year, expanding the number of available construction days, extending the pool season and pool usage and positively impacting demand for discretionary products. conversely, unfavorable weather typically impedes growth.
the following summarizes our outlook for 2023:
•we expect sales to be flat to down 3% compared to 2022, impacted by the following factors and assumptions:
◦normal weather patterns for 2023;
◦inflationary product cost increases, which generally pass through to customers. we expect sales to benefit approximately 4% from price increases announced by our major equipment manufacturers;
◦sustained demand for pool maintenance products;
◦a 15% to 20% decline in volumes of discretionary products used for swimming pool construction as pool construction activities return to 2019 levels (estimated at approximately 80,000 units);
◦a 10% to 15% decline in volumes of products used in the remodeling, renovation and upgrading of swimming pools;
◦a 1% benefit from expansion of the installed base of in-ground swimming pools; and
◦one less selling day in the third quarter and for the full year of 2023 compared to 2022.
•we project that sales for our horizon sales centers, which are more affected by new home construction activities, may decline 5% to 10% compared to 2022. our horizon sales centers comprised 8% of our total net sales in 2022.
•we expect that sales in europe, which generated 4% of our total net sales in 2022, will be down approximately 10% to 20% compared to 2022 given the larger concentration of aftermarket versus maintenance activity in that market.
•by quarter, we expect low to mid-single digit declines in the first half of 2023 compared to the first half of 2022 and modest growth in the second half of the year.
•our gross margin is dependent on amounts and timing of inflationary price increases, sales growth expectations and product mix. we project gross margin for the full year of 2023 to be in line with our long-term outlook at approximately 30.0%. we expect higher gross margin in the first half of 2023 compared to the latter half of the year as we sell through inventory purchased prior to recent price increases.
•we expect to leverage our existing infrastructure and manage discretionary spending to maintain expenses in line with sales expectations to achieve operating margin of approximately 15.0%.
in 2023, we expect our effective tax rate will be approximately 25.3% to 25.5%, without the impact of asu 2016-09. our effective tax rate is dependent upon our results of operations and may change if actual results are different from our current expectations. due to asu 2016-09 requirements, we expect our effective tax rate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter, particularly in periods when employees elect to exercise their vested stock options or when restrictions on share-based awards lapse. we estimate that we have approximately $1.1 million in unrealized excess tax benefits related to stock options that expire and restricted awards that vest in the first quarter of 2023. we may recognize additional tax benefits related to stock option exercises in 2023 from grants that expire in years after 2023, for which we have not included any expected benefits in our guidance. the estimated impact related to asu 2016-09 is subject to several assumptions which can vary significantly, including our estimated share price and the period that our employees will exercise vested stock options. we recorded a $10.8 million benefit in our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2022 related to asu 2016-09.
we project that 2023 earnings will be in the range of $16.03 to $17.03 per diluted share, including an estimated $0.03 benefit from asu 2016-09 during the first quarter of 2023. we expect to continue to use cash for the payment of cash dividends as and when declared by our board and to fund opportunistic share repurchases over the next year.
the forward-looking statements in this current trends and outlook section are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including the sensitivity of our business to weather conditions; changes in the economy, consumer discretionary spending, the housing market, interest or inflation rates; our ability to maintain favorable relationships with suppliers and manufacturers; the extent to which home-centric trends experienced during the height of the pandemic will moderate or reverse; competition from other leisure product alternatives or mass merchants; our ability to continue to execute our growth strategies; changes in the regulatory environment; new or additional taxes, duties or tariffs; excess tax benefits or deficiencies recognized under asu 2016-09 and other risks detailed in item 1a of this form 10-k. also see "cautionary statement for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995" prior to the heading "risk factors" in item 1a.
covid-19 pandemic and other economic trends we continue to monitor the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic and its aftermath. beginning in the second quarter of 2020, we experienced unprecedented demand as families spent more time at home and sought out opportunities to create or expand home-based outdoor living and entertainment spaces. this trend has had a positive impact on our financial performance over the past couple of years. as further described above, recent trends, including a lower number of permits issued for new pools, suggest that new construction activities are moderating.
our industry experienced substantial supply chain constraints beginning in 2021. in response, we proactively made significant investments in inventory in the last half of 2021 and early 2022 that enabled us to continue to meet strong customer demand and position ourselves to provide exceptional customer service. while we continued to be challenged by supply chain constraints through early 2022, we observed improvements in our supply chain dynamics beginning in the second quarter of 2022. likewise, we expect inventory balances to normalize with seasonal trends as 2023 progresses. the extent to which contributory effects from the covid-19 pandemic and the evolving macroeconomic environment will continue to impact our business, financial condition and results of operations remains uncertain.
critical accounting estimates critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board. our critical accounting estimates are discussed below, including, to the extent material and reasonably available, the impact such estimates have had, or are reasonably likely to have, on our financial condition or results of operations.
allowance for doubtful accounts we maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts based on an estimate of the losses we will incur if our customers do not make required payments. we perform periodic credit evaluations of our customers and typically do not require collateral. consistent with industry practices, we generally require payment from our north american customers within 30 days, except for sales under early buy programs for which we provide extended payment terms to qualified customers. the extended terms usually require payments in equal installments in april, may and june or may and june, depending on geographic location. credit losses have generally been within or better than our expectations.
similar to our business, our customers' businesses are seasonal. sales are lowest in the winter months and our past due accounts receivable balance as a percentage of total receivables generally increases during this time. we provide reserves for uncollectible accounts based on our accounts receivable aging. these reserves range from 0.05% for amounts currently due to up to 100% for specific accounts more than 60 days past due.
at the end of each quarter, we perform a reserve analysis of all accounts with balances greater than $20,000 and more than 60 days past due. additionally, we perform a separate reserve analysis on the balance of our accounts receivables with emphasis on past due accounts. we estimate future losses based upon historical bad debts, customer receivable balances, age of customer receivable balances, customers' financial conditions and current and forecasted economic trends, including certain trends in the housing market, the availability of consumer credit and general economic conditions (as commonly measured by gross domestic product or gdp). we monitor housing market trends through review of the house price index as published by the federal housing finance agency, which measures the movement of single-family home prices.
during the year, we write off account balances when we have exhausted reasonable collection efforts and determined that the likelihood of collection is remote. these write-offs are charged against our allowance for doubtful accounts. in the past five years, write-offs have averaged approximately 0.08% of net sales annually.  write-offs as a percentage of net sales approximated 0.08% in 2022, 0.06% in 2021 and 0.09% in 2020. we expect that write-offs will range from 0.05% to 0.10% of net sales in 2023.
at the end of each fiscal year, we prepare a hindsight analysis by comparing the prior year-end allowance for doubtful accounts balance to (i) current year write-offs and (ii) any significantly aged outstanding receivable balances. based on our most recent hindsight analysis, we concluded that the prior year allowance was within a range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodology is appropriate.
if the balance of the accounts receivable reserve increased or decreased by 20% at december 31, 2022, pretax income would change by approximately $1.9 million and earnings per share would change by approximately $0.04 per diluted share (based on the number of weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year ended december 31, 2022).
inventory obsolescence product inventories represent the largest asset on our balance sheet. our goal is to manage our inventory such that we minimize stock-outs to provide the highest level of service to our customers. to do this, we maintain at each sales center an adequate inventory of stock keeping units (skus) with the highest sales volumes. at the same time, we continuously strive to better manage our slower moving classes of inventory, which are not as critical to our customers and thus, inherently turn at slower rates.
we classify products at the sales center level based on sales at each location over the expected sellable period, which is the previous 12 months for most products, except for special order non-stock items that lack a sku in our system and products with less than 12 months of usage. below is a description of these inventory classifications:
•new products with less than 12 months usage;
•highest sales velocity items, which represent approximately 80% of net sales at the sales center;
•lower sales velocity items, which we keep in stock to provide a high level of customer service;
•products with no sales for the past 12 months at the local sales center level, excluding special order products not yet delivered to the customer; and
•non-stock special order items.
there is little risk of obsolescence for our highest sales velocity items because these products generally turn quickly. we establish our reserve for inventory obsolescence based on inventory with lower sales velocity and inventory with no sales for the past 12 months, which we believe represent some exposure to inventory obsolescence, with particular emphasis on skus with the least sales over the previous 12 months. the reserve is intended to reflect the value of inventory at net realizable value. we provide a reserve of 5% for inventory with lower sales velocity, inventory with no sales for the past 12 months and non-stock inventory as determined at the sales center level. we also provide an additional 5% reserve for excess lower sales velocity inventory and an additional 45% reserve for excess inventory with no sales for the past 12 months. we determine excess inventory, which is defined as the amount of inventory on hand in excess of the previous 12 months' usage, on a company-wide basis. we also evaluate whether the calculated reserve provides sufficient coverage of total inventory with no sales for the past 12 months. we have not changed our methodology from prior years.
in evaluating the adequacy of our reserve for inventory obsolescence, we consider a combination of factors, including:
•the level of inventory in relation to historical sales by product, including inventory usage by class based on product sales at both the sales center level and on a company-wide basis;
•changes in customer preferences or regulatory requirements;
•seasonal fluctuations in inventory levels;
•geographic location; and
•superseded products and new product offerings.
we periodically adjust our reserve for inventory obsolescence as changes occur in the above-identified factors. at the end of each fiscal year, we prepare a hindsight analysis by comparing the prior year-end obsolescence reserve balance to (i) current year inventory write-offs and (ii) the value of products with no sales for the past 12 months that remain in inventory. based on our most recent hindsight analysis, we concluded that our prior year reserve was within a range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodology is appropriate.
if the balance of our inventory reserve increased or decreased by 20% at december 31, 2022, pretax income would change by approximately $4.2 million and earnings per share would change by approximately $0.08 per diluted share (based on the number of weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year ended december 31, 2022).
vendor programs many of our vendor arrangements provide for us to receive specified amounts of consideration when we achieve any of a number of measures.  these measures generally relate to the volume level of purchases from our vendors, or our net cost of products sold, and may include negotiated pricing arrangements.  we account for vendor programs as a reduction of the prices of the vendor's products and therefore a reduction of inventory until we sell the product, at which time we recognize such consideration as a reduction of cost of sales in our income statement.
throughout the year, we estimate the amount earned based on our expectation of total purchases for the fiscal year relative to the purchase levels that mark our progress toward the attainment of various levels within certain vendor programs. we accrue vendor program benefits on a monthly basis using these estimates provided that we determine they are probable and reasonably estimable. our estimates for annual purchases, future inventory levels and sales of qualifying products are driven by our sales projections, which can be significantly impacted by a number of external factors including changes in economic conditions and weather.  changes in our purchasing mix also impact our estimates, as certain program rates can vary depending on our volume of purchases from specific vendors.
we continually revise these estimates throughout the year to reflect actual purchase levels and identifiable trends. as a result, our estimated quarterly vendor program benefits accrual may include cumulative catch-up adjustments to reflect any changes in our estimates between reporting periods. these adjustments tend to have a greater impact on gross margin in the fourth quarter since it is our seasonally slowest quarter and because the majority of our vendor arrangements are based on calendar year periods. we update our estimates for these arrangements at year end to reflect actual annual purchase or sales levels. in the first quarter of the subsequent year, we prepare a hindsight analysis by comparing actual vendor credits received to the prior year vendor receivable balances. based on our most recent hindsight analysis, we concluded that our vendor program estimates were within a range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodology is appropriate.
if market conditions were to change, vendors may change the terms of some or all of these programs. although such changes would not affect the amounts we have recorded related to products already purchased, they may lower or raise our cost for products purchased and sold in future periods.
income taxes we record deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using currently enacted rates and laws that will be in effect when we expect the differences to reverse.  due to changing tax laws and state income tax rates, significant judgment is required to estimate the effective tax rate expected to apply to tax differences that are expected to reverse in the future.
we record global intangible low tax income (gilti) on foreign earnings as period costs if and when incurred, although we have not realized any impacts since the december 2017 enactment of u.s. tax reform.
as of december 31, 2022, u.s. income taxes were not provided on the earnings or cash balances of our foreign subsidiaries, outside of the provisions of the transition tax from u.s. tax reform. as we have historically invested or expect to invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely to fund current cash flow needs in the countries where held, additional income tax provisions may be required. determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability on these undistributed earnings and cash balances is not practicable due to the complexity of tax laws and regulations and the varying circumstances, tax treatments and timing of any future repatriation.
we operate in 40 states, 1 united states territory and 11 foreign countries. we are subject to regular audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, and the amount of income taxes we pay is subject to adjustment by the applicable tax authorities.  we recognize a benefit from an uncertain tax position only after determining it is more likely than not that the tax position will withstand examination by the applicable taxing authority. our estimate for the potential outcome of any uncertain tax issue is highly judgmental. we regularly evaluate our tax positions and incorporate these expectations into our reserve estimates. we believe we have adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to these matters.  however, our future results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved, or when statutes of limitation on potential assessments expire.  these adjustments may include changes in valuation allowances that we have established.  as a result of these uncertainties, our total income tax provision may fluctuate on a quarterly basis.
each year, we prepare a return to provision analysis upon filing our income tax returns. based on our most recent hindsight analysis, we concluded that our prior year income tax provision was within a range of acceptable estimates and that our provision calculation methodology is appropriate. differences between our effective income tax rate and federal and state statutory tax rates are primarily due to excess tax benefits associated with the exercise of deductible nonqualified stock options and the lapse of restrictions on deductible restricted stock awards.
performance-based compensation accrual the compensation committee of our board (compensation committee) and our management have designed compensation programs intended to create a performance culture. the primary objectives of our compensation programs are to attract, motivate, reward and retain our employees without leading to unnecessary risk taking. our compensation packages include bonus plans that are specific to groups of eligible participants and their levels and areas of responsibility. the majority of our bonus plans consist of annual cash payments that are based primarily on objective performance criteria. we calculate bonuses based on the achievement of certain key measurable financial and operational results, including operating income.
we use an annual cash performance award (annual bonus) to focus corporate behavior on short-term goals for growth, financial performance and other specific financial and business improvement metrics. management sets the company's annual bonus objectives at the beginning of the bonus plan year using both historical information and forecasted results of operations for the current plan year. management also establishes specific business improvement objectives for both our operating units and corporate employees. the compensation committee approves objectives for annual bonus plans involving executive management.
we also utilize our medium-term (three-year) strategic plan incentive program (spip) to provide senior management with an additional cash-based, pay-for-performance award based on the achievement of specified earnings growth objectives. payouts through the spip are based on three-year compound annual growth rates (cagrs) of our diluted eps.
we record annual performance-based compensation accruals based on operating income achieved in a quarter as a percentage of total expected operating income for the year. we estimate total expected operating income for the current plan year using management's estimate of the total overall incentives earned per the stated bonus plan objectives. starting in june, and continuing each quarter through our fiscal year end, we adjust our estimated performance-based compensation accrual based on our detailed analysis of each bonus plan, the participants' progress toward achievement of their specific objectives and management's estimates related to the discretionary components of the bonus plans, if any.
we record spip accruals based on our total expected eps for the current fiscal year and earnings growth estimates for the succeeding two years. we base our current fiscal year estimates on the same assumptions used for our annual bonus calculation and we base our forward-looking estimates on historical growth trends and our projections for the remainder of the three-year performance periods.
our quarterly performance-based compensation expense and accrual balances may vary relative to actual annual bonus expense and payouts due to the following:
•differences between estimated and actual performance;
•our projections related to achievement of multiple-year performance objectives for our spip; and
•the discretionary components of the bonus plans.
we generally make bonus payments at the end of february following the most recently completed fiscal year. each year, we compare the actual bonus payouts to amounts accrued at the previous year's end to determine the accuracy of our performance-based compensation estimates. based on our most recent hindsight analysis, we concluded that our performance-based compensation accrual balances were within a reasonable range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodologies are appropriate.
impairment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill is our largest intangible asset. at december 31, 2022, our goodwill balance was $692.0 million, representing approximately 19% of total assets. goodwill represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire a company over the estimated fair value of tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired, less liabilities assumed.
we perform a goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of each year or on a more frequent basis if events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate potential impairment.  to the extent the carrying value of a reporting unit is greater than its estimated fair value, we record a goodwill impairment charge for the difference, up to the carrying value of the goodwill. we recognize any impairment loss in operating income. since we define an operating segment as an individual sales center and we do not have operations below the sales center level, we define a reporting unit as an individual sales center.
as of october 1, 2022, we had 249 reporting units with allocated goodwill balances. the most significant goodwill balance for a reporting unit was our porpoise reporting unit with $403.5 million of goodwill. other than our porpoise reporting unit, the next most significant goodwill balance for a reporting unit was $12.1 million and the average goodwill balance per reporting unit was $1.2 million.
in october 2022, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test and recorded goodwill impairment of $0.6 million related to the closure of a horizon reporting unit in that period. in october 2021 and 2020, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test and did not recognize any goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level. in the first quarter of 2020, we recorded impairment equal to the total goodwill and intangibles carrying amounts of our five australian reporting units, which included goodwill impairment of $3.5 million and intangibles impairment, related to the pool systems tradename and trademark, of $0.9 million.
the fair value estimates used in our impairment test is determined using discounted cash flow models, which require the use of significant unobservable inputs, representative of a level 3 fair value measurement. to estimate the fair value of our reporting units, we project future cash flows using management's assumptions for sales growth rates, operating margins and discount rates. these estimates can significantly affect the outcome of our impairment test. we also review for potential impairment indicators at the reporting unit level based on an evaluation of recent historical operating trends, current and projected local market conditions and other relevant factors as appropriate.
to test the reasonableness of our fair value estimates, we compared our aggregate estimated fair values to our market capitalization as of the date of our annual impairment test. in 2022, our aggregate estimated fair values were modestly higher than our market capitalization. to facilitate a sensitivity analysis, we reduced our consolidated fair value estimate to reflect more conservative discounted cash flow assumptions, the sensitivity of a 50 basis point increase in our estimated weighted average cost of capital or a 50 basis point decrease in the estimated perpetuity growth rate. our sensitivity analysis resulted in a fair value lower than our market capitalization and did not result in the identification of additional at-risk locations.
based on our 2022 goodwill impairment analysis, we consider one of our horizon reporting units in texas with goodwill of $0.5 million as most at risk for goodwill impairment due to marginal results in recent years. the most sensitive assumptions related to our fair value for this location relates to future projected operating results and management's ability to effectively manage costs.
if our assumptions or estimates in our fair value calculations change or if operating results are less than forecasted, we could incur impairment charges in future periods.  impairment charges would decrease operating income, negatively impact diluted eps and result in lower asset values on our balance sheet.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 of "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k for details.
results of operations the table below summarizes information derived from our consolidated statements of income expressed as a percentage of net sales for the past three fiscal years:
year ended december 31,
2022                    2021                    2020
net sales                                                            100.0   %               100.0   %               100.0   %
cost of sales                                                         68.7                    69.5                    71.3
gross profit                                                          31.3                    30.5                    28.7
operating expenses                                                    14.7                    14.8                    16.9
operating income                                                      16.6                    15.7                    11.8
interest and other non-operating expenses, net                         0.7                     0.2                     0.3
income before income taxes and equity in earnings                     15.9   %                15.6   %                11.5   %
note: due to rounding, percentages may not add to operating income or income before income taxes and equity in earnings.
our discussion of consolidated operating results includes the operating results from acquisitions in 2022, 2021 and 2020.  we have included the results of operations in our consolidated results since the respective acquisition dates.
fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021
the following table breaks out our consolidated results into the base business component and the excluded components (sales centers excluded from base business):
(unaudited)                                                                      base business                                               excluded                                                        total
(in thousands)                                                                      year ended                                             year ended                                                   year ended december 31,                                           december 31,                                                 december 31,
2022                            2021                       2022                        2021                         2022                            2021
net sales                                       $5,889,497                      $5,281,773                   $290,230                     $13,811                   $6,179,727                      $5,295,584
gross profit                                     1,804,744                       1,613,252                    128,668                       3,840                    1,933,412                       1,617,092
gross margin                                          30.6   %                        30.5   %                   44.3   %                    27.8   %                     31.3   %                        30.5   %
operating expenses                                 830,525                         779,897                     77,104                       4,411                      907,629                         784,308
expenses as a % of net sales                          14.1   %                        14.8   %                   26.6   %                    31.9   %                     14.7   %                        14.8   %
operating income (loss)                            974,219                         833,355                     51,564                       (571)                    1,025,783                         832,784
operating margin                                      16.5   %                        15.8   %                   17.8   %                   (4.1)   %                     16.6   %                        15.7   %
we have excluded the following acquisitions from base business for the periods identified:
acquired                               acquisitiondate                                 net                                             periodsexcluded sales centers acquired tri-state pool distributors            april 2022                                        1                                         may - december 2022
porpoise pool &amp; patio, inc.        december 2021                                     1                   january - december 2022 and december 2021
wingate supply, inc.                   december 2021                                     1                   january - december 2022 and december 2021
vak pak builders supply, inc.          june 2021                                         1                january - august 2022 and june - august 2021
pool source, llc                       april 2021                                        1                                     january - june 2022 and april - june 2021
twc distributors, inc.                 december 2020                                    10         january - february 2022 and january - february 2021
when calculating our base business results, we exclude sales centers that are acquired, closed or opened in new markets for a period of 15 months. we also exclude consolidated sales centers when we do not expect to maintain the majority of the existing business and existing sales centers that are consolidated with acquired sales centers.
we generally allocate corporate overhead expenses to excluded sales centers on the basis of their net sales as a percentage of total net sales.  after 15 months of operations, we include acquired, consolidated and new market sales centers in the base business calculation including the comparative prior year period.
the table below summarizes the changes in our sales centers during 2022:
december 31, 2021         410
acquired location           1
new locations              10
closed location           (1)
december 31, 2022         420
for information about our recent acquisitions, see note 2 of "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
net sales
(in millions)                                            year ended december 31,
2022                        2021                              change net sales                        $6,179.7                          $5,295.6        $884.1                  17%
net sales increased 17% compared to 2021, with 12% of this increase resulting from base business sales growth. our 2022 results were driven by elevated price inflation and sustained demand for outdoor-living products. sales growth in our seasonally significant quarters (second and third quarters) were limited by industry capacity, including labor and supply chain constraints and less favorable weather conditions on a year-over-year comparison. we observed improvements in our supply chain dynamics in 2022 following the challenges that began in the second half of 2021 through early 2022.
the following factors benefited our sales growth (listed in order of estimated magnitude):
•inflationary product cost increases of approximately 10% (compared to 7% to 8% in 2021);
•5% sales growth from recent acquisitions
•favorable trends for our products including:
◦consistent demand for discretionary products, as evidenced by higher sales for product offerings such as equipment and building materials (see discussion below);
◦market share gains, including those in building materials (see discussion below); and
◦sustained demand for residential swimming pool maintenance supplies, as the installed base of pools continues to grow.
following our robust 33% sales growth (and 26% base business sales growth) in the first quarter of 2022, results through the remainder of the year were limited by several factors. we estimate that the benefits discussed above were partially offset by the following:
•1% impact from softness in our european markets, reflecting the impact of the macro-economic environment;
•1% unfavorable impact from currency exchange rate fluctuations; and
•less favorable weather conditions compared to last year, particularly in our seasonal markets (see discussion below).
higher sales for certain product offerings, such as equipment and building materials, indicate consistent demand in traditionally discretionary areas, such as pool construction, pool remodeling and equipment upgrades. in 2022, sales of equipment for our base business, which includes swimming pool heaters, pumps, lights, filters and automation, increased approximately 9% compared to 2021 and represented approximately 28% of net sales (or an increase of 17% representing approximately 29% of net sales including our recent acquisition of porpoise). equipment growth for certain products was limited by continued supply chain constraints. sales of building materials grew 18% compared to 2021 and represented approximately 13% of net sales in 2022. sales of chemicals for our base business, representing 11% of total net sales, increased 32% compared to 2021 (or an increase of 57% representing approximately 13% of net sales including the impact of our december 2021 acquisition of porpoise). the increase in chemical sales was driven by inflation, improved supply over last year and strong demand for non-discretionary maintenance products.
sales to specialty retailers that sell swimming pool supplies and customers who service large commercial installations are included in the appropriate existing product categories, and growth in these areas is reflected in the discussion above. in 2022, sales to base business retail customers increased 9% compared to 2021 and represented approximately 11% of our consolidated net sales. sales to certain of our retail customers have been hindered by less favorable weather conditions compared to the prior year. including the impact of our december 2021 acquisition of porpoise, sales to retail customers increased 39% and represented approximately 14% of our net sales. sales to commercial customers increased 27% compared to 2021 and represented approximately 4% of our consolidated net sales in 2022.
net sales in our seasonal markets (not considering europe), representing 45% of our total base business net sales in 2022, increased 11% compared to 2021. comparatively, net sales in our year-round markets, representing 51% of our total base business net sales in 2022, increased 15% compared to 2021.
net sales in europe, representing 4% of our total net sales in 2022, declined 5% in local currency. while we estimate that net sales in europe benefited 10% from inflationary product cost increases, beginning in the second quarter of 2022, our results were negatively impacted by a decline in the volume of sales driven by macroeconomic uncertainty.
2022 quarterly sales performance compared to 2021 quarterly sales performance
•the increase in our sales in the first quarter of 2022 reflected continued strong demand for outdoor living products in addition to elevated price inflation of approximately 10% to 12%. sales benefited approximately 5% from both accelerated customer early buys and an extra selling day in the first quarter of 2022 compared to the first quarter of 2021.
•our results in the second quarter of 2022 were indicative of healthy demand for our products as maintenance, replacement, refurbishment and construction activity remained strong. net sales benefited approximately 10% to 11% from elevated price inflation, but were unfavorably impacted 2% from both currency exchange rate fluctuations and customer early buys shifted into the first quarter of 2022.
•net sales in the third quarter of 2022 benefited approximately 9% to 10% from inflationary product cost increases and were aided by healthy demand for our products and warmer weather in our year-round markets. we estimate that these increases were partially offset by 1% each from softness in our european markets, unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations and one less selling day in q3 2022 versus q3 2021. in the third quarter of 2022, we experienced a net sales shift of $9.0 million from q3 2022 to q4 2022 due to closures from hurricane ian.
•net sales benefited approximately 8% from inflationary product cost increases in the fourth quarter of 2022. weather conditions, particularly in the month of december when an arctic blast moved across the u.s., were much less favorable on a year-over-year comparison. additionally, net sales were unfavorably impacted 1% from currency exchange rate fluctuations and 1% from softness in our european markets.
quarter
2022
first         second       third         fourth net sales growth                             33%            15%         14%             6%
base business net sales growth               26%            10%         10%             1%
in addition to the sales discussion above, see further details of significant weather impacts under the subheading seasonality and quarterly fluctuations below.
gross profit
(in millions)                                            year ended december 31,
2022                              2021   change gross profit                     $1,933.4                          $1,617.1        $316.3                  20%
gross margin                         31.3    %                         30.5    %
gross margin improved 80 basis points to 31.3% in 2022 compared to 30.5% in 2021, reflecting benefits from acquisitions, increased pricing and supply chain management initiatives. these increases were partially offset by lower incentives earned under our volume-based vendor programs and $13.0 million recorded within cost of sales in the fourth quarter of 2022 related to increased duties and tariffs for certain imported chemicals. given supply chain improvements through the latter half of 2022, we do not expect to import a significant portion of this product in 2023.
operating expenses
(in millions)                                                                         year ended december 31,
2022                            2021   change selling and administrative expenses                               $907.6                          $784.3        $123.3                  16%
operating expenses as a percentage of net sales                     14.7    %                       14.8    %
operating expenses increased 16%, or $123.3 million, to $907.6 million in 2022, up from $784.3 million in 2021. base business operating expenses rose only 6% compared to 12% base business gross profit growth. the increase in operating expenses reflects inflationary increases and incremental costs to support our business growth, including recent acquisitions. our expense growth reflects increases in growth-driven labor, facility and freight costs, along with increased investments in technology.
interest and other non-operating expenses, net interest and other non-operating expenses, net increased $32.3 million compared to 2021, primarily reflecting higher average debt levels and higher average interest rates. our weighted average effective interest rate increased to 2.8% in 2022 from 2.5% in 2021 on average outstanding debt of $1.4 billion in 2022 versus $403.4 million in 2021. our weighted average effective interest rate increased to 4.2% in the fourth quarter of 2022, reflecting the impact of rapidly increasing rates in the latter part of 2022.
income taxes our effective income tax rate was 24.0% at december 31, 2022 and 21.1% at december 31, 2021. we recorded a $10.8 million, or $0.27 per diluted share, benefit from asu 2016-09 for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to a benefit of $30.0 million, or $0.74 per diluted share, realized in 2021. without the benefits from asu 2016-09, our effective tax rate was 25.1% and 24.7% for the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively.
net income and earnings per share net income increased 15% to $748.5 million in 2022 compared to $650.6 million in 2021. earnings per share increased 17% to $18.70 per diluted share compared to $15.97 per diluted share in 2021.
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures the non-gaap measures described below should be considered in the context of all of our other disclosures in this form 10-k.
adjusted diluted eps we have included adjusted diluted eps, a non-gaap financial measure, as a supplemental disclosure, because we believe this measure is useful to management, investors and others in assessing our year-over-year operating performance.
adjusted diluted eps is a key measure used by management to demonstrate the impact of tax benefits from asu 2016-09 on our diluted eps and to provide investors and others with additional information about our potential future operating performance to supplement gaap measures.
we believe this measure should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, diluted eps presented in accordance with gaap, and in the context of our other disclosures. other companies may calculate this non-gaap financial measure differently than we do, which may limit their usefulness as a comparative measure.
the table below presents a reconciliation of diluted eps to adjusted diluted eps.
(unaudited)                                                        year ended december 31,
2022                                                                     2021
diluted eps                            $18.70                      $15.97
less: asu 2016-09 tax benefit            0.27                        0.74
adjusted diluted eps                   $18.43                      $15.23
fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020
for a detailed discussion of the results of operations in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, see the results of operations section of management's discussion and analysis included in part ii, item 7 of our 2021 annual report on form 10-k.
seasonality and quarterly fluctuations for discussion regarding the effects seasonality and weather have on our business, see item 1, "business," of this form 10-k.
the following table presents certain unaudited quarterly data for 2022 and 2021. we have included income statement and balance sheet data for the most recent eight quarters to allow for a meaningful comparison of the seasonal fluctuations in these amounts. in our opinion, this information reflects all normal and recurring adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of this data. due to the seasonal nature of our industry, the results of any one or more quarters are not necessarily a good indication of results for an entire fiscal year or of continuing trends.
(unaudited)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                quarter
(in thousands)                                                                                                                                                          2022                                                                                                                  2021
first                        second                        third                        fourth                        first                        second                        third                        fourth statement of income data net sales                                                            $1,412,650                   $2,055,818                    $1,615,339                   $1,095,920                    $1,060,745                   $1,787,833                    $1,411,448                   $1,035,557
gross profit                                                            447,189                      666,804                       503,687                      315,731                       301,131                      551,685                       441,899                      322,376
operating income                                                        235,723                      418,888                       263,877                      107,295                       129,031                      338,586                       237,276                      127,891
net income                                                              179,261                      307,283                       190,055                       71,863                        98,655                      259,695                       184,665                      107,609
net sales as a % of annual net sales                                         23   %                       33    %                       26   %                       18    %                       20   %                       34    %                       27   %                       20    %
gross profit as a % of annual gross profit                                   23   %                       34    %                       26   %                       16    %                       19   %                       34    %                       27   %                       20    %
operating income as a % of annual operating income                           23   %                       41    %                       26   %                       10    %                       15   %                       41    %                       28   %                       15    %
balance sheet data total receivables, net                                                 $679,927                     $756,585                      $549,796                     $351,448                      $487,602                     $585,566                      $476,150                     $376,571
product inventories, net                                              1,641,155                    1,579,101                     1,539,572                    1,591,060                       977,228                      894,654                     1,043,407                    1,339,100
accounts payable                                                        685,946                      604,225                       442,226                      406,667                       634,998                      439,453                       414,156                      398,697
total debt                                                            1,505,073                    1,595,398                     1,512,545                    1,386,803                       433,171                      423,116                       362,819                    1,183,350
note: due to rounding, the sum of quarterly percentage amounts may not equal 100%.
weather impacts on fiscal year 2022 to fiscal year 2021 comparisons overall, weather conditions in the first quarter of 2022 were less favorable than weather conditions in the first quarter of 2021. sales benefited from above-average temperatures along much of the west and the east coast, although texas experienced cooler-than-normal temperatures. in addition, some seasonal markets had unfavorable weather compared to the first quarter of 2021 when construction activity started earlier than normal. similarly, results in europe were hindered by unfavorable weather conditions. in the first quarter of 2021, sales benefited from favorable and generally mild weather conditions throughout the contiguous united states.  in february 2021, texas experienced the most costly winter storm event on record for the united states, which damaged many swimming pools and added to already strong replacement activity.
we observed unfavorable weather conditions in certain markets throughout the second quarter of 2022. heavy rainfall and cooler temperatures throughout the northeastern united states and canada resulted in slower sales activity and limited sales growth in the second quarter of 2022. additionally, results in europe continued to be impacted by unfavorable weather conditions. in contrast, our southern markets benefited from above-average temperatures, particularly in texas. in the second quarter of 2021, overall weather conditions favorably impacted sales growth with the average u.s. temperature in june 2021 being the hottest on record in 127 years.
sales in the third quarter of 2022 were generally aided by above-average temperatures throughout much of the contiguous united states. however, sales in florida were negatively impacted by closures due to hurricane ian at the end of the quarter, which we believe we recovered in the fourth quarter of 2022. compared to last year, weather conditions in canada and the northern states were less favorable. generally favorable weather conditions benefited sales in the third quarter of 2021 with most of the united states experiencing above-average temperatures and below-average precipitation.
we observed generally unfavorable weather conditions throughout the fourth quarter of 2022, particularly in the month of december when an arctic front brought freezing temperatures and above-average precipitation across much of the united states. conditions were especially impactful in canada and the northeast compared to the prior year. in contrast, sales in the fourth quarter of 2021 benefited from above-average temperatures throughout much of the contiguous united states, including the fifth warmest december on record in a 127-year period.
weather impacts on fiscal year 2021 to fiscal year 2020 comparisons for a detailed discussion of weather impacts on fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, see the seasonality and quarterly fluctuations section of management's discussion and analysis included in part ii, item 7 of our 2021 annual report on form 10-k.
geographic areas since all of our sales centers have similar operations and share similar economic characteristics, we aggregate our sales centers into a single reportable segment. for additional details, see note 1 of our "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
for a breakdown of net sales and property, plant and equipment between our united states and international operations, see item 1, "business," of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is defined as the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet short-term and long-term cash needs. we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating activities, taking into consideration the seasonal nature of our business. significant factors which could affect our liquidity include the following:
•cash flows generated from operating activities;
•the adequacy of available bank lines of credit;
•the quality of our receivables;
•acquisitions;
•dividend payments;
•capital expenditures;
•changes in income tax laws and regulations;
•the timing and extent of share repurchases; and
•the ability to attract long-term capital with satisfactory terms.
our primary capital needs are seasonal working capital obligations, debt repayment obligations and other general corporate initiatives, including acquisitions, opening new sales centers, dividend payments and share repurchases. our primary working capital obligations are for the purchase of inventory, payroll, rent, other facility costs and selling and administrative expenses. our working capital obligations fluctuate during the year, driven primarily by seasonality and the timing of inventory purchases. our primary sources of working capital are cash from operations supplemented by bank borrowings, which have historically been sufficient to support our growth and finance acquisitions. we have funded our capital expenditures and share repurchases in substantially the same manner.
we prioritize our use of cash based on investing in our business, maintaining a prudent capital structure, including a modest amount of debt, and returning cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. our specific priorities for the use of cash are as follows:
•capital expenditures primarily for maintenance and growth of our sales center network, technology-related investments and fleet vehicles;
•inventory and other operating expenses;
•strategic acquisitions executed opportunistically;
•payment of cash dividends as and when declared by our board;
•repayment of debt to maintain an average total target leverage ratio (as defined below) between 1.5 and 2.0; and
•repurchases of our common stock under our board authorized share repurchase program.
our capital spending primarily relates to leasehold improvements, delivery and service vehicles and information technology. we focus our capital expenditure plans based on the needs of our sales centers. historically, our capital expenditures have averaged roughly 1.0% of net sales. capital expenditures were 0.7% of net sales in 2022 and 2021 and 0.6% of net sales in 2020. since 2020, our capital expenditures as a percentage of net sales were lower than our historical average due to our significant sales growth. capital expenditures in 2020 were also lower due to cost-saving measures implemented at the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic. based on management's current plans, we project capital expenditures for 2023 will continue to approximate the historical average of 1% of net sales. we also plan to increase our investment in technology and automation enabling us to operate more efficiently.
we believe we have adequate availability of capital to fund present operations and the current capacity to finance any working capital needs that may arise.  we continually evaluate potential acquisitions and hold discussions with acquisition candidates. if suitable acquisition opportunities arise that would require financing, we believe that we have the ability to finance any such transactions.
as of february 17, 2023, $230.2 million of the current board authorized amount under our authorized share repurchase plan remained available. we expect to repurchase additional shares in the open market from time to time depending on market conditions. we plan to fund these repurchases with cash provided by operations and borrowings under our credit and receivables facilities.
sources and uses of cash the following table summarizes our cash flows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                        2021
operating activities                   $484,854                          $313,490
investing activities                   (50,870)                         (849,614)
financing activities                  (411,658)                           526,131
cash provided by operations of $484.9 million for 2022 increased $171.4 million compared to 2021, primarily driven by an increase in net income and changes in working capital. our operating cash flows were also impacted by federal tax payments of $79.5 million in 2022, which were allowed to be deferred and included in accrued expenses and other liabilities at december 31, 2021.
cash used in investing activities decreased $798.7 million to $50.9 million in 2022, reflecting a decrease of $802.7 million in payments for acquisitions compared to 2021, partially offset by a $6.0 million increase in net capital expenditures between years. our higher 2021 investing activities were driven by our purchase of porpoise pool & patio, inc. for $788.7 million.
cash used in financing activities was $411.7 million in 2022 compared to cash provided by financing activities of $526.1 million in 2021. the change in financing activities primarily reflects a $566.7 million increase in net debt payments, additional share repurchases of $333.2 million and an increase in dividends paid of $31.0 million.
for a discussion of our sources and uses of cash in 2020, see the liquidity and capital resources - sources and uses of cash section of management's discussion and analysis included in part ii, item 7 of our 2021 annual report on form 10-k.
future sources and uses of cash to supplement cash from operations as our primary source of working capital, we will continue to utilize our three major credit facilities, which are the amended and restated revolving credit facility (the credit facility), the term facility (the term facility) and the receivables securitization facility (the receivables facility). for additional details regarding these facilities, see the summary descriptions below and more complete descriptions in note 5 of our "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
credit facility our credit facility, as amended through december 30, 2021, provides for $1.25 billion in borrowing capacity consisting of a $750.0 million five-year unsecured revolving credit facility and a $500.0 million term loan facility. the credit facility includes a $750.0 million revolving credit facility and sublimits for the issuance of swingline loans and standby letters of credit. the term loans require quarterly amortization payments beginning in september 2023 aggregating to 20% of the original principal amount of the loan during the third, fourth and fifth years of the loan, with all remaining principal due on the credit facility maturity date of september 25, 2026. we intend to continue to use the credit facility for general corporate purposes, for future share repurchases and to fund future growth initiatives.
at december 31, 2022, there was $1.0 billion outstanding, including a $500.0 million term loan, with a $4.8 million standby letter of credit outstanding and $225.5 million available for borrowing under the credit facility. the weighted average effective interest rate for the credit facility as of december 31, 2022 was approximately 4.4%, excluding commitment fees.
term facility our term facility provides for $185.0 million in borrowing capacity and matures on december 30, 2026. proceeds from the term facility were used to pay down the credit facility in december 2019, adding borrowing capacity for future share repurchases, acquisitions and growth-oriented working capital expansion. the term facility is repaid in quarterly installments of 1.250% of the term facility on the last business day of each quarter beginning in the first quarter of 2020. we classify the entire outstanding balance as long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets as we intend and have the ability to refinance the obligations on a long-term basis. the total of the quarterly payments will be equal to 33.75% of the term facility with the final principal repayment, equal to 66.25% of the term facility, due on the maturity date. we may prepay amounts outstanding under the term facility without penalty other than interest breakage costs.
at december 31, 2022, the term facility had an outstanding balance of $157.3 million at a weighted average effective interest rate of 5.5%.
receivables securitization facility our two-year accounts receivable securitization facility (the receivables facility) offers us a lower-cost form of financing. under this facility, we can borrow up to $350.0 million between april through august and from $210.0 million to $340.0 million during the remaining months of the year. the receivables facility matures on november 1, 2024. we classify the entire outstanding balance as long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets as we intend and have the ability to refinance the obligations on a long-term basis.
the receivables facility provides for the sale of certain of our receivables to a wholly-owned subsidiary (the securitization subsidiary). the securitization subsidiary transfers variable undivided percentage interests in the receivables and related rights to certain third-party financial institutions in exchange for cash proceeds, limited to the applicable funding capacities. upon payment of the receivables by customers, rather than remitting to the financial institutions the amounts collected, we retain such collections as proceeds for the sale of new receivables until payments become due.
at december 31, 2022, there was $199.5 million outstanding under the receivables facility at a weighted average effective interest rate of 5.2%, excluding commitment fees.
financial covenants financial covenants of the credit facility and the term facility include maintenance of a maximum average total leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, which are our most restrictive financial covenants.  as of december 31, 2022, the calculations of these two covenants are detailed below:
•maximum average total leverage ratio. on the last day of each fiscal quarter, our average total leverage ratio must be less than 3.25 to 1.00.  average total leverage ratio is the ratio of the sum of (i) total non-revolving funded indebtedness as of such date, (ii) the trailing twelve months (ttm) average total revolving funded indebtedness and (iii) the ttm average accounts securitization proceeds divided by ttm ebitda (as those terms are defined in the credit facility).  as of december 31, 2022, our average total leverage ratio equaled 1.37 (compared to 0.77 as of december 31, 2021) and the ttm average total indebtedness amount used in this calculation was $1.5 billion.
•minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. on the last day of each fiscal quarter, our fixed charge ratio must be greater than or equal to 2.25 to 1.00. fixed charge ratio is the ratio of the ttm ebitdar divided by ttm interest expense paid or payable in cash plus ttm rental expense (as those terms are defined in the credit facility).  as of december 31, 2022, our fixed charge ratio equaled 9.57 (compared to 11.76 as of december 31, 2021) and ttm rental expense was $121.3 million.
the credit facility and term facility limit the declaration and payment of dividends on our common stock to a manner consistent with past practice, provided no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the payment of dividends. we may declare and pay quarterly dividends so long as (i) the amount per share of such dividends is not greater than the most recently publicly announced amount dividends per share and (ii) our average total leverage ratio is less than 3.25 to 1.00 both immediately before and after giving pro forma effect to such dividends. under the credit facility and term facility, we may repurchase shares of our common stock provided no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the repurchase of shares, and our maximum average total leverage ratio (determined on a pro forma basis) is less than 3.25 to 1.00.
other covenants include restrictions on our ability to grant liens, incur indebtedness, make investments, merge or consolidate, and sell or transfer assets. failure to comply with any of our financial covenants or any other terms of the credit facility and the term facility could result in higher interest rates on our borrowings or the acceleration of the maturities of our outstanding debt.
interest rate swaps we utilize interest rate swap contracts and forward-starting interest rate swap contracts to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in variable interest rates for future interest payments on our variable rate borrowings. interest expense related to the notional amounts under all swap contracts is based on applicable fixed rates plus the applicable margin on the respective borrowings.
as of december 31, 2022, we had two interest rate swap contracts in place and one forward-starting interest rate swap contract, each of which has the effect of converting our exposure to variable interest rates on a portion of our variable rate borrowings to fixed interest rates. for more information, see note 5 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
compliance and future availability as of december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants and financial ratio requirements under our credit facility, our term facility and our receivables facility.  we believe we will remain in compliance with all covenants and financial ratio requirements throughout 2023.  for additional information regarding our debt arrangements, see note 5 of "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
future obligations we have certain fixed contractual obligations and commitments that include future estimated payments for general operating purposes. changes in our business needs, fluctuating interest rates and other factors may result in actual payments differing from our estimates. we cannot provide certainty regarding the timing and amounts of these payments. the following table summarizes our obligations as of december 31, 2022 that are expected to impact liquidity and cash flow in future periods. we believe we will be able to fund these obligations through our existing cash, cash expected to be generated from operations and borrowings on our facilities.
payments due by period total           less than                       1-3 years                         3-5 years               more than
1 year                                                                                 5 years long-term debt                $1,389,003           $34,292                        $280,500                        $1,074,211                     $-
operating leases                 299,587            76,764                         120,427                            69,952                     32,444
purchase obligations              11,720             4,304                           4,764                             2,652                     -
$1,700,310          $115,360                        $405,691                        $1,146,815                     $32,444
the significant assumptions used in our determination of amounts presented in the above table are as follows:
•long-term debt amounts represent the future principal payments on our debt as of december 31, 2022. for additional information regarding our debt arrangements, see note 5 of our "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
•operating lease amounts include future rental payments for our operating leases. the amounts presented are consistent with contractual terms and are not expected to differ significantly from actual results under our existing leases. for additional information regarding our operating leases, see note 9 of our "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
•purchase obligations include all legally binding contracts such as firm minimum commitments for inventory purchases and software commitments. we issue inventory purchase orders in the normal course of business, which represent authorizations to purchase that are cancellable by their terms. we do not consider purchase orders to be firm inventory commitments; therefore, they are excluded from the table above.
for certain of our future obligations, such as unrecognized tax benefits, uncertainties exist regarding the timing of future payments and the amount by which these potential obligations will increase or decrease over time. as such, we have excluded unrecognized tax benefits from the table above. see note 7 of "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k for additional discussion related to our unrecognized tax benefits. the table also excludes various other liabilities that are not contractual in nature, including contingent liabilities, litigation accruals and contract termination fees.
the table below contains estimated interest payments (in thousands) related to our long-term debt obligations presented in the table above.  we calculated estimates of future interest payments based on the december 31, 2022 outstanding debt balances, using the fixed rates under our interest rate swap agreements for the applicable notional amounts and the weighted average effective interest rates as of december 31, 2022 for the remaining outstanding balances not covered by our swap contracts.  to project the estimated interest expense to coincide with the time periods used in the table above, we projected the estimated debt balances for future years based on the scheduled maturity dates of the credit facility, the term facility and the receivables facility. our actual interest payments could vary substantially from the amounts projected.
estimated interest payments due by period total             less than                           1-3 years                     3-5 years               more than
1 year                                                                                    5 years interest       $168,974          $52,022                         $85,761                       $31,191                     $-
