item 1a.    risk factors in addition to the other information in our annual report on form 10-k, you should consider the risks described below that we believe may be material to investors in evaluating the company. this section contains forward-looking statements, and in considering these statements, you should refer to the qualifications and limitations on our forward-looking statements that are described in item 1, "business."
risks related to our properties and our business natural disasters, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, or other events that could damage or otherwise disrupt our ability to operate our facilities could adversely impact our business and financial results.
natural disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, and floods, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, and other events that damage our facilities or our customers' property, or that make our facilities temporarily unavailable, have in the past and may in the future adversely impact our business and financial results. damage and business interruption losses could exceed the aggregate limits of our insurance coverage. in addition, because we self-insure a portion of our risks, losses below a certain level may not be covered by insurance. see note 14 to our december 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements for a description of the risks of losses that are not covered by third-party insurance contracts. in addition, customer perceptions about the risk of property loss from these events could negatively impact self-storage demand.
we are subject to risks from the consequences of climate change, including severe weather events, as well as the transition to a low-carbon economy and other steps taken to prevent or mitigate climate change.
our self-storage facilities are located in areas that may be subject to the direct impacts of climate change, such as increased destructive weather events like floods, fires, and drought, which could result in significant damage to our facilities, increased capital expenditures, increased expenses, reduced revenues, or reduced demand for our facilities. indirect impacts of climate change could also adversely impact our business, including through increased costs, such as insurance costs or regulatory compliance costs. in addition, the ongoing transition to a low-carbon economy presents certain risks for us and our customers, including stranded assets, increased costs, lower profitability, lower property values, lower household wealth, and macroeconomic risks related to high energy costs and energy shortages, among other things. consistent with our commitment to sustainability in our business operations, we have undertaken a number of initiatives to reduce emissions and energy consumption, water usage, and waste, including through our property of tomorrow program, pursuant to which we are upgrading all of our older properties by the end of 2025, which has already resulted in investment of approximately $370 million in improvements through december 31, 2022. in addition, we have made investments in led lighting and the installation of solar panels of approximately $100 million since 2021 through december 31, 2022. governmental, political, and societal pressures, including expectations of institutional and activist investors and other interest groups, could require us to accelerate our initiatives and, with it, the costs of their implementation. these same potential governmental, political, and social pressure could in the future result in (i) costly changes to newly developed facilities or retrofits of our existing facilities to reduce carbon emissions through multiple avenues, including changes to insulation, space configuration, lighting, heating, and air conditioning, (ii) increased energy costs as a result of transitioning to less carbon-intensive, but more expensive, sources of energy to operate our facilities, and (iii) consumers reducing their individual carbon footprints by owning fewer durable material consumer goods, collectibles, and other such items requiring storage, resulting in a reduced demand for our self-storage space. in addition, our reputation and investor relationships could be damaged as a result of our involvement with activities perceived to be causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change.
operating costs, including property taxes, could increase.
we could be subject to increases in property or other taxes, repair and maintenance costs, payroll, utility costs, insurance premiums, workers compensation, and other operating expenses due to various factors such as inflation, labor shortages, commodity and energy price increases, weather, increases to minimum wage rates, supply chain disruptions, and changes to governmental safety and real estate use limitations and other governmental actions. our property tax expense, which totaled approximately $386.7 million during the year ended december 31, 2022, generally depends upon the assessed value of our real estate facilities as determined by assessors and government agencies and, accordingly, could be subject to substantial increases if such agencies change their valuation approaches or opinions or if new laws are enacted, especially if new approaches are adopted or laws are enacted that result in increased property tax assessments in states or geographies where we have a high concentration of facilities. see also "we have exposure to increased property tax in california" below.
the acquisition of existing properties or self-storage operating companies is subject to risks that may adversely affect our growth and financial results.
we have acquired self-storage facilities and self-storage operating companies in the past, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. we face significant competition for suitable acquisition properties and companies from other real estate investors, including operating companies and private equity funds. as a result, we may be unable to acquire the companies or additional properties we desire or the purchase price for desirable companies or properties may be significantly increased. failures or unexpected circumstances in integrating facilities or companies that we acquire, or circumstances we did not detect or anticipate during due diligence, such as environmental matters, needed repairs or deferred maintenance, customer collection issues, assumed liabilities, turnover of critical personnel involved in acquired operating companies, or the effects of increased property tax following reassessment of a newly-acquired property, as well as the general risks of real estate investment and mergers and acquisitions, could jeopardize realization of the anticipated earnings from an acquisition.
on february 5, 2023, we disclosed that we have made a proposal to acquire all of the outstanding shares and units of life storage for consideration consisting of our common shares. our public offer followed prior rebuffs by life storage of our attempts to negotiate privately, and on february 16, 2023, life storage announced it had rejected the offer. while we currently intend to engage in discussions with life storage, there can be no assurance that life storage will engage with us regarding our proposal or that we and life storage will agree to an acquisition transaction. additionally, life storage can avail itself of various takeover defenses, including the ability unilaterally to classify its board of trustees under the maryland unsolicited takeover act (muta). even if we reach an agreement with life storage, there can be no assurance that the conditions to closing such transaction would be satisfied in a timely manner or at all. further, if a transaction is consummated, there can be no assurance that we will realize the benefits we hope to achieve through the transaction, and the complexities of combining the two companies may result in unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses. if a transaction is not consummated, we nevertheless may incur significant costs associated with our pursuit of the transaction.
our development program subjects us to risks.
at december 31, 2022, we had a pipeline of development projects totaling $979.6 million (subject to contingencies), and we expect to continue to seek additional development projects. there are significant risks involved in developing self-storage facilities, such as delays or cost increases due to changes in or failure to meet government or regulatory requirements, failure of revenue to meet our underwriting estimates, delays caused by weather issues, unforeseen site conditions, or personnel problems. self-storage space is generally not pre-leased, and rent-up of newly developed space can be delayed or ongoing cash flow yields can be reduced due to competition, reductions in storage demand, or other factors.
there is significant competition among self-storage operators and from other storage alternatives.
our self-storage facilities generate most of our revenue and earnings. significant competition from self-storage operators, property developers, and other storage alternatives may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and may negatively impact our ability to generate revenue. competition in the local market areas in which many of our properties are located is significant and affects our occupancy levels, rental rates, and operating expenses. there is also an increasing influx of capital from outside financing sources driving more money, development, and supply into the industry. development of self-storage facilities may increase, which may intensify competition as newly developed facilities are opened. development of self-storage facilities by other operators could increase, due to increases in availability of funds for investment or other reasons, and further intensify competition.
demand for self-storage facilities may be affected by customer perceptions and factors outside of our control.
significantly lower logistics costs could introduce new competitors, such as valet-style storage services, which may reduce the demand for traditional self-storage. customer preferences and/or needs for self-storage could change, decline, or shift to other product types, thereby impacting our business model and ability to grow and/or generate revenues. shifts in population and demographics could cause the geographical distribution of our portfolio to be suboptimal and affect our ability to maintain occupancy and attract new customers. security incidents could result in the perception that our properties are not safe. if our customers do not feel our properties are safe, they may select competitors for their self-storage needs, or if there is an industry perception of inadequate security generally, customer use of self-storage could be negatively impacted.
our newly developed and expanded facilities, and facilities that we manage for third party owners, may negatively impact the revenues of our existing facilities.
we continue to develop new self-storage facilities and expand our existing self-storage facilities. in addition, we are seeking to increase the number of self-storage facilities that we manage for third party owners in exchange for a fee, many of which are in the process of stabilization and are near our existing stabilized self-storage facilities. in order to hasten the fill-up of these new facilities, we aggressively price such space during the fill-up period. while we believe that this aggressive pricing allows us to increase our market share relative to our competitors and increase the cash flows of these properties, such pricing and the added capacity may also negatively impact our existing stabilized self-storage facilities that are near these unstabilized facilities.
many of our existing self-storage facilities may be at a competitive disadvantage to newly developed facilities.
there is a significant level of development of new self-storage facilities, by us and other operators. these newly developed facilities are generally of high quality, with a more fresh and vibrant appearance, more amenities (such as climate control), more attractive office configurations, newer elements, and a more attractive retail presence as compared to many of our existing stabilized self-storage facilities, some of which were built as much as 50 years ago. such qualitative differentials may negatively impact our ability to compete with these facilities for new tenants and our existing tenants may move to newly developed facilities.
we may incur significant liabilities from environmental contamination or moisture infiltration.
existing or future laws impose or may impose liability on us to clean up environmental contamination on or around properties that we currently or previously owned or operated, even if we were not responsible for or aware of the environmental contamination or even if such environmental contamination occurred prior to our involvement with the property. we have conducted preliminary environmental assessments on most of our properties, which have not identified any material liabilities. these assessments, commonly referred to as "phase 1 environmental assessments," include an investigation (excluding soil or groundwater sampling or analysis) and a review of publicly available information regarding the site and other nearby properties.
we are also subject to potential liability relating to moisture infiltration, which can result in mold or other damage to our or our customers' property, as well as potential health concerns. when we receive a complaint or otherwise become aware that an air quality concern exists, we implement corrective measures and seek to work proactively with our customers to resolve issues, subject to our contractual limitations on liability for such claims.
we are not aware of any environmental contamination or moisture infiltration related liabilities at any of our properties that could be material to our overall business, financial condition, or results of operation. however, we may not have detected all material liabilities, we could acquire properties with material undetected liabilities, or new conditions could arise or develop at our properties, any of which could result in a cash settlement or adversely affect our ability to sell, lease, operate, or encumber affected facilities.
economic conditions can adversely affect our business, financial condition, growth, and access to capital.
economic downturns or adverse economic or industry conditions, including those related to high levels of inflation, could adversely impact our financial results, growth, and access to capital. our revenues and operating cash flow can be negatively impacted by reductions in employment and population levels, household and disposable income, and other general economic factors that lead to a reduction in demand for self-storage space in each of the markets in which we operate.
our ability to raise capital on attractive terms to fund our activities may be adversely affected by challenging market conditions, including high interest rates resulting from government efforts to manage inflation. in periods when the capital and credit markets experience significant volatility, the amounts, sources, and cost of capital available to us may be adversely affected. if we were unable to raise capital at reasonable rates, prospective earnings growth through expanding our asset base could be limited.
we have exposure to european operations through our ownership in shurgard.
we own approximately 35% of the common shares of shurgard, and this investment has a $275.8 million book value and a $1.4 billion market value (based upon the closing trading price of shurgard's common stock) at december 31, 2022. we recognized $26.4 million in equity in earnings and received $37.8 million in dividends in 2022 with respect to shurgard.
shurgard, as an owner, operator, and developer of self-storage facilities, is subject to many of the same risks we are with respect to self-storage. however, through our investment in shurgard, we are exposed to additional risks unique to the various european markets in which shurgard operates, which may adversely impact our business and financial results, and many of which are referred to in shurgard's public filings. these risks include the following:
•currency risks: currency fluctuations can impact the fair value of our investment in shurgard, our equity earnings, our ongoing dividends, and any other related repatriations of cash.
•legislative, tax, and regulatory risks: shurgard is subject to a variety of local, national, and pan-european laws and regulations related to permitting and land use, the environment, labor, and other areas, as well as income, property, sales, and value added and employment tax. these laws and regulations can be difficult to apply or interpret, can vary in each country or locality, and are subject to unexpected changes in their form and application due to regional, national, or local political uncertainty and other factors. such changes, or shurgard's failure to comply with these laws, could subject it to penalties or other sanctions, adverse changes in business processes, and, potentially, adverse income tax, property tax, or other tax burdens.
•impediments to capital repatriation could negatively impact the realization of our investment in shurgard: laws in europe and the u.s. may create, impede, or increase our cost to repatriate distributions received from shurgard or proceeds from the sale of shurgard shares.
•risks of collective bargaining: collective bargaining, which is prevalent in certain areas in europe, could negatively impact shurgard's labor costs or operations. many of shurgard's employees participate in various national unions.
•potential operating and individual country risks: economic slowdowns or extraordinary political or social change in the countries in which it operates have posed, and could continue to pose, challenges or result in future reductions of shurgard's operating cash flows.
•liquidity of our ownership stake: we have no plans to liquidate our interest in shurgard. however, while shurgard is a publicly held entity, if we chose to, our ability to liquidate our shares in shurgard in an efficient manner could be limited by the level of shurgard's public "float" relative to any ownership stake we sought to sell. our existing relationship with our legacy joint venture partner may place further contractual limitations on our ability to sell all of the shares we own if we desired to do so.
•impediments of shurgard's public ownership structure: shurgard's strategic decisions, involving activities such as borrowing money, capital contributions, raising capital from third parties, and selling or acquiring significant assets, are determined by its board of directors. as a result, shurgard may be precluded from taking advantage of opportunities that we would find attractive but that we may not be able to pursue separately, or it could take actions that we do not agree with.
public health and other crises, such as the covid-19 pandemic, have adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our business.
our business is subject to risks from public health and other crises like the covid-19 pandemic, including, among others:
•risk of illness or death of our employees or customers;
•negative impacts on economic conditions in our markets, which may reduce the demand for self-storage;
•risk that there could be an out-migration of population from certain high-cost major markets;
•government restrictions that (i) limit or prevent use of our facilities, (ii) limit our ability to increase rent or otherwise limit the rent we can charge, (iii) limit our ability to collect rent or evict delinquent tenants, or (iv) limit our ability to complete development and redevelopment projects;
•risk that we could experience a change in the move-out patterns of our long-term customers due to economic uncertainty and increases in unemployment, which could lead to lower occupancies and rent "roll down" as long-term customers are replaced with new customers at lower rates; and
•risk of negative impacts on the cost and availability of debt and equity capital, which could have a material impact upon our capital and growth plans.
we have been and may in the future be adversely impacted by emergency regulations adopted in response to significant events, such as natural disasters or public health crises, that could adversely impact our operations.
in response to significant events, local, state, and federal governments have and may in the future adopt regulations that could impact our operations. for example, in response to wildfires in 2018 and 2019 and floods in 2023, the state of california and some localities in california adopted temporary regulations that imposed certain limits on the rents we could charge at certain of our facilities and the extent to which we could increase rents to existing tenants. similarly, in response to the covid-19 pandemic, certain localities adopted restrictions on the use of certain of our facilities, limited our ability to increase rents, limited our ability to collect rent or evict delinquent tenants, and limited our ability to complete development and redevelopment projects. similar restrictions could be imposed in the future in response to significant events and these restrictions could adversely impact our operations.
our marketing and pricing strategies may fail to be effective or may be constrained by factors outside of our control.
marketing initiatives, including our increasing dependence on google to source customers, may fail to be effective and could negatively impact financial performance. approximately 65% of our new storage customers in 2022 were sourced directly or indirectly through "unpaid" search and "paid" search campaigns on google. we believe that the vast majority of customers searching for self-storage use google at some stage in their shopping experience. google is providing tools to allow smaller and less sophisticated operators to bid for search terms, increasing competition for self-storage search terms. the predominance of google in the shopping experience, as well as google's enabling of additional competitors to bid for placements in self-storage search terms, may reduce the number of new customers that we can procure, and/or increase our costs to obtain new customers.
in addition, the inability to utilize our pricing methodology due to regulatory or market constraints could also significantly impact our financial results.
we are exposed to ongoing litigation and other legal and regulatory actions, which may divert management's time and attention, require us to pay damages and expenses or restrict the operation of our business.
we have approximately 5,900 employees and 1.8 million customers, and we conduct business at facilities in 40 states. as a result, we are subject to the risk of legal claims and proceedings (including class actions) and regulatory enforcement actions across many jurisdictions in the ordinary course of our business and otherwise, and we could incur significant liabilities and substantial legal fees as a result of these actions. resolution of these claims and actions may divert time and attention by our management and could involve payment of damages or expenses by us, all of which may be significant, and could damage our reputation and our brand. in addition, any such resolution could involve our agreement to terms that restrict the operation of our business. the results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. we cannot guarantee that losses incurred in connection with any current or future legal or regulatory proceedings or actions will not exceed any provisions we may have set aside in respect of such proceedings or actions or any available insurance coverage. any such legal claims, proceedings, and regulatory enforcement actions could negatively impact our operating results, cash flow available for distribution or reinvestment, and/or the price of our common shares.
in addition, through exercising their authority to regulate our activities, governmental agencies can otherwise negatively impact our business by increasing costs or decreasing revenues.
our failure to modernize and adopt advancements in information technology may hinder or prevent us from achieving strategic objectives.
our inability to adapt and deliver new capabilities in time with strategic requirements may cause the organization to miss market competitive timing, first mover position, or to suffer material loss due to failed technology choices or implementation.
the failure or disruption of our computer and communications systems, on which we are heavily dependent, could significantly harm our business.
we are heavily dependent upon automated information technology and internet commerce, with more than half of our new customers coming from the telephone or over the internet. we centrally manage significant components of our operations with our computer systems, including our financial information, and we also rely extensively on third-party vendors to retain data, process transactions, and provide other systems services. these systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, hackers, including through a ransomware attack, computer worms, viruses, and other destructive or disruptive security breaches, and catastrophic events. such incidents could also result in significant costs to repair or replace such networks or information systems, as well as actual monetary losses in case of a breach that resulted in fraudulent payments or other cash transactions. as a result, our operations could be severely impacted by a natural disaster, terrorist attack, attack by hackers, acts of vandalism, data theft, misplaced or lost data, programming or human error, or other circumstance that results in a significant outage of our systems or those of our third party providers, despite our use of back up and redundancy measures.
if our confidential information is compromised or corrupted, including as a result of a cybersecurity breach, our reputation and business relationships could be damaged, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
in the ordinary course of our business we acquire and store sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our prospective and current customers and our employees. the secure processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. although we believe we have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the security of our confidential information, information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the rise in new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyberattacks. despite our security measures, we have experienced security breaches due to cyberattacks and additional breaches could occur in the future. in these cases, our information technology and infrastructure could be vulnerable and our or our customers' or employees' confidential information could be compromised or misappropriated. any such breach could result in serious and harmful consequences for us or our tenants.
our confidential information may also be compromised due to programming or human error or malfeasance. we must continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes to address the evolving threat landscape, and therefore there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. in addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and changing requirements applicable to our business from multiple regulatory agencies at the local, state, federal, or international level, compliance with those requirement could also result in additional costs, or we could fail to comply with those requirements due to various reasons such as not being aware of them.
any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption to our operations and the services we provide to customers, or damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, reputation, and competitive position. in addition, our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to discontinue leasing our self-storage facilities. such events could lead to lost future revenues and adversely affect our results of operations, or result in remedial and other costs, fines, or lawsuits, which could be in excess of any available insurance that we have procured.
ineffective succession planning for our ceo and executive management, as well as for our other key employees, may impact the execution of our strategic plan.
we may not effectively or appropriately identify ready-now succession candidates for our ceo and executive management team, which may negatively impact our ability to meet key strategic goals. failure to implement succession plans for other key employees may leave us vulnerable to retirements and turnover.
we may fail to protect our intellectual property adequately.
we maintain a portfolio of trademarks and trade dress that we believe are fundamental to the success of the public storage® brand. while we actively seek to enforce and expand our rights, our trademark and trade dress could be deemed generic and indistinct and lose protection. we also own and seek to protect other intellectual property, such as propriety systems, processes, data, and other trade secrets that we have collected and developed in the course of operating our business and that we believe provides us with various competitive advantages. our protections could be inadequate or we could lose rights to our other intellectual property and trade secrets. competitor use of our trademarks and trade names could lead to likelihood of confusion, tarnishment of our brand, and loss of legal protection for our marks.
risks related to our ownership, organization and structure takeover attempts or changes in control could be thwarted, even if beneficial to shareholders.
in certain circumstances, shareholders might desire a change in control or acquisition of us in order to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our shares or for other reasons. however, the following could prevent, deter, or delay such a transaction:
•provisions of maryland law may impose limitations that may make it more difficult for a third party to negotiate or effect a business combination transaction or control share acquisition with public storage. currently, our board has opted not to subject the company to these provisions of maryland law, but it could choose to do so in the future without shareholder approval.
•to protect against the loss of our reit status due to concentration of ownership levels, our declaration of trust generally limits the ability of a person, other than the hughes family or "designated investment entities" (each as defined in our declaration of trust), to own, actually or constructively, more than 3% of our outstanding common shares or 9.9% of the outstanding shares of any class or series of preferred or equity shares. our board may grant, and has previously granted, a specific exemption. these limits could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of the company not approved by our board.
•similarly, current provisions of our declaration of trust and powers of our board could have the same effect, including (1) limitations on removal of trustees, (2) restrictions on the acquisition of our shares of beneficial interest, (3) the power to issue additional common shares, preferred shares, or equity shares on terms approved by our board without obtaining shareholder approval, (4) the advance notice provisions of our bylaws, and (5) our board's ability under maryland law, without obtaining shareholder approval, to implement takeover defenses that we may not yet have and to take, or refrain from taking, other actions that could have the effect of delaying, deterring, or preventing a transaction or a change in control.
holders of our preferred shares have dividend, liquidation, and other rights that are senior to the rights of the holders of our common shares.
holders of our preferred shares are entitled to cumulative dividends before any dividends may be declared or set aside on our common shares. upon liquidation, holders of our preferred shares will receive a liquidation preference of $25,000 per share (or $25.00 per depositary share) plus any accrued and unpaid distributions before any payment is made to the common shareholders. these preferences may limit the amount received by our common shareholders either from ongoing distributions or upon liquidation. in addition, our preferred shareholders have the right to elect two additional directors to our board whenever dividends are in arrears in an aggregate amount equivalent to six or more quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive.
preferred shareholders are subject to certain risks.
holders of our preferred shares have preference rights over our common shareholders with respect to liquidation and distributions, which give them some assurance of continued payment of their stated dividend rate, and receipt of their principal upon liquidation of the company or redemption of their securities. however, holders of our preferred shares should consider the following risks:
•the company has in the past, and could in the future, issue or assume additional debt. preferred shareholders would be subordinated to the interest and principal payments of such debt, which would increase the risk that there would not be sufficient funds to pay distributions or liquidation amounts to the preferred shareholders.
•the company has in the past, and could in the future, issue additional preferred shares that, while pari passu to the existing preferred shares, increases the risk that there would not be sufficient funds to pay distributions to the preferred shareholders.
•while the company has no plans to do so, if the company were to lose its reit status or no longer elect reit status, it would no longer be required to distribute its taxable income to maintain reit status. if, in such a circumstance, the company ceased paying dividends, unpaid distributions to the preferred shareholders would continue to accumulate. the preferred shareholders would have the ability to elect two additional members to serve on our board until the arrearage was cured. the preferred shareholders would not receive any compensation (such as interest) for the delay in the receipt of distributions, and it is possible that the arrearage could accumulate indefinitely.
•holders of our preferred shares have limited rights in the event the company ceases to pay dividends to shareholders, and have no rights with respect to a company decision to discontinue listing the preferred shares on a national securities exchange or file reports with the sec, including following a change of control transaction.
risks related to government regulations and taxation we would incur adverse tax consequences if we failed to qualify as a reit, and we would have to pay substantial u.s. federal corporate income taxes.
reits are subject to a range of complex organizational and operational requirements. a qualifying reit does not generally incur u.s. federal corporate income tax on its "reit taxable income" (generally, taxable income subject to specified adjustments, including a deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain) that it distributes to its shareholders. our reit status is also dependent upon the reit qualification of psb through the end of its taxable year ended december 31, 2022, as a result of our substantial ownership interest in it prior to the closing of the psb merger with and unaffiliated third party. we believe we have qualified as a reit and we intend to continue to maintain our reit status.
however, there can be no assurance that we qualify or will continue to qualify as a reit, because of the highly technical nature of the reit rules, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, the possibility of unidentified issues in prior periods, or changes in our circumstances, as well as share ownership limits in our declaration of trust that do not necessarily ensure that our shareholder base is sufficiently diverse for us to qualify as a reit. for any year we fail to qualify as a reit, unless certain relief provisions apply (the granting of such relief could nonetheless result in significant excise or penalty taxes), we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid, we would be subject to u.s. federal corporate income tax on our taxable income, and generally we would not be allowed to elect reit status until the fifth year after such a disqualification. in addition, for tax years beginning after december 31, 2022, we would possibly also be subject to certain taxes enacted by the inflation reduction act of 2022 that are applicable to non-reit corporations, including the corporate alternative minimum tax and nondeductible one percent excise tax on certain stock repurchases. any taxes, interest, and penalties incurred would reduce our cash available for distributions to shareholders and could negatively affect our stock price. however, for years in which we failed to qualify as a reit, we would not be subject to reit rules that require us to distribute substantially all of our taxable income to our shareholders.
dividends payable by reits do not qualify for the preferential tax rates available for some dividends.
dividends payable by reits may be taxed at higher rates than dividends of non-reit corporations. the maximum u.s. federal income tax rate for qualified dividends paid by domestic non-reit corporations to u.s. stockholders that are individuals, trusts, or estates is generally 20%. dividends paid by reits to such stockholders are generally not eligible for that rate, but under current tax law, such stockholders may deduct up to 20% of ordinary dividends (i.e., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a reit for taxable years beginning before january 1, 2026. although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by reits, such tax rate may still be higher than the tax rate applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends. this may cause investors to view reit investments as less attractive than investments in non-reit corporations, which in turn may adversely affect the value of the stock of reits, including our stock.
changes in tax laws could negatively impact us.
the united states treasury department and congress frequently review federal income tax legislation, regulations and other guidance. we cannot predict whether, when, or to what extent new federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be adopted, but these changes might include, in particular, increases in the u.s. federal income tax rates that apply to us or our shareholders in certain circumstances, possibly with retroactive effect.
we may pay some taxes, reducing cash available for shareholders.
even if we qualify as a reit for u.s. federal corporate income tax purposes, we may be subject to some federal, foreign, state, and local taxes on our income and property. certain consolidated corporate subsidiaries of the company have elected to be treated as taxable reit subsidiaries ("trss") for u.s. federal corporate income tax purposes, and are taxable as regular corporations and subject to certain limitations on intercompany transactions. if tax authorities determine that amounts paid by our trss to us are not reasonable compared to similar arrangements among unrelated parties, we could be subject to a 100% penalty tax on the excess payments, and ongoing intercompany arrangements could have to change, resulting in higher ongoing tax payments. to the extent the company is required to pay federal, foreign, state, or local taxes, or federal penalty taxes due to existing laws or changes thereto, we will have less cash available for distribution to shareholders.
in addition, certain local and state governments have imposed taxes on self-storage rent. while in most cases those taxes are paid by our customers, they increase the cost of self-storage rental to our customers and can negatively impact our revenues. other local and state governments may impose self-storage rent taxes in the future.
we have exposure to increased property tax in california.
approximately $767.2 million of our 2022 net operating income is from our properties in california, and we incurred approximately $47.2 million in related property tax expense. due to the impact of proposition 13, which generally limits increases in assessed values to 2% per year, the assessed value and resulting property tax we pay is less than it would be if the properties were assessed at current values. from time to time, proposals have been made to reduce the beneficial impact of proposition 13, most recently in the november 2020 ballot. while this ballot initiative failed, there can be no assurance that future initiatives or other legislative actions will not eliminate or reduce the benefit of proposition 13 with respect to our properties. if the beneficial effect of proposition 13 were ended for our properties, our property tax expense could increase substantially, adversely affecting our cash flow from operations and net income.
we are subject to new and changing legislation and regulations, including the california privacy rights act (cpra).
we are subject to new and changing legislation and regulations, including the americans with disabilities act of 1990 and legislation regarding property taxes, income taxes, reit status, labor and employment, privacy, and lien sales at the city, county, state, and federal level, which could materially impact our business and operations. failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and policies may subject us to increased litigation and regulatory actions and negatively affect our business and operations or reputation.
on november 3, 2020, californians passed a ballot measure that creates the california privacy rights act ("cpra"). the cpra amends and expands the california consumer privacy act (ccpa), which went into effect on january 1, 2020. the cpra, which went into effect on january 1, 2023, provides new rights and amends existing rights found in the ccpa. it also creates a new privacy enforcement authority, the california privacy protection agency ("calppa"). the cpra grants the attorney general and the calppa the authority to issue regulations on a wide range of topics. it therefore remains unclear what, if any, modifications will be made to the cpra or how it will be interpreted. while we believe we have developed processes to comply with current privacy requirements, a regulatory agency may not agree with certain of our implementation decisions, which could subject us to litigation, regulatory actions, or changes to our business practices that could increase costs or reduce revenues. other states have also enacted or are considering enacting privacy laws similar to those passed in california. similar laws may be implemented in other jurisdictions in which we do business and in ways that may be more restrictive than those in california, increasing the cost of compliance, as well as the risk of noncompliance, on our business.
our tenant reinsurance business is subject to governmental regulation, which could reduce our profitability or limit our growth.
we hold limited lines self-service storage insurance agent licenses from a number of individual state departments of insurance and are subject to state governmental regulation and supervision.  our continued ability to maintain these limited lines self-service storage insurance agent licenses in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed depends on our compliance with related rules and regulations.  the regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction generally have broad discretion to grant, renew, and revoke licenses and approvals, to promulgate, interpret, and implement regulations, and to evaluate compliance with regulations through periodic examinations, audits, and investigations of the affairs of insurance agents. as a result of regulatory or private action in any jurisdiction, we may be temporarily or permanently suspended from continuing some or all of our reinsurance activities, or otherwise fined, penalized, or subject to an adverse judgment, which could reduce our net income.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
critical accounting estimates:
the preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions are based on current facts, historical experience, and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances to determine reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources.
we believe the following are our critical accounting estimates, because they are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the portrayal of our financial condition and results, and they require us to make judgments and estimates about matters that involve a significant level of uncertainty.
impairment of long-lived assets: the analysis of impairment of our long-lived assets, including our real estate facilities, involves identification of indicators of impairment, including unfavorable operational results and significant cost overruns on construction, projections of future operating cash flows, and estimates of fair values, all of which require significant judgment and subjectivity. in particular, these estimates are sensitive to significant assumptions, such as the projections of future rental rates, stabilized occupancy level, future profit margin, discount rates, and capitalization rates, all of which could be affected by our expectations about future market or economic conditions. others could come to materially different conclusions.
allocating purchase price for acquired real estate facilities: we estimate the fair values of the assets and liabilities of acquired real estate facilities, which consist principally of land and buildings, for purposes of allocating the aggregate purchase price of acquired real estate facilities. we estimate the fair value of land based upon price per square foot derived from observable transactions involving comparable land in similar locations as adjusted for location quality, parcel size, and date of sale associated with the acquired facilities. the fair value estimate of land is sensitive to the adjustments made to the land market transactions used in the estimate, particularly when there is a lack of recent comparable land market data. for large portfolio acquisitions, we estimate the fair value of buildings primarily using the income approach by estimating the fair value of hypothetical vacant acquired facilities and adjusting for the estimated fair value of land. for individual and small portfolio acquisitions, we estimate the fair value of buildings primarily based upon the estimated current replacement cost, which we calculate by estimating the replacement cost of new purpose-built self-storage facilities in similar geographic regions and adjusting for age, quality, amenities, and configuration associated with the buildings acquired. the fair value estimate of buildings is sensitive to assumptions used in both the income approach, such as lease-up period, future stabilized operating cash flows, capitalization rate and discount rate, and in the replacement cost approach, such as current cost adjustment, soft cost and developer profit estimates. others could come to materially different conclusions as to the estimated fair values of land and buildings, which would result in different depreciation and amortization expense, gains and losses on sale of real estate assets, as well as the level of land and buildings on our consolidated balance sheet.
overview our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and our earnings growth is impacted by the levels of growth within our same store facilities (as defined below) as well as within our acquired facilities and newly developed and expanded facilities (both as defined below). accordingly, a significant portion of management's time is devoted to maximizing cash flows from our existing self-storage facility portfolio.
during 2022, revenues generated by our same store facilities increased by 14.8% ($409.9 million), as compared to 2021, while same store cost of operations increased by 5.7% ($39.9 million). demand and operating trends softened in the second half of 2022 and returned to historical seasonal patterns as compared to what we experienced in 2020 and 2021. we expect the trends to continue in 2023.
in addition to managing our existing facilities for organic growth, we have grown and plan to continue to grow through the acquisition and development of new facilities and expansion of our existing self-storage facilities. since the beginning of 2020, we acquired a total of 368 facilities with 31.7 million net rentable square feet for $6.6 billion. in our non-same store portfolio, we also have developed and expanded self-storage facilities of 17.7 million net rentable square feet for a total cost of $1.6 billion. during 2022, net operating income generated by our acquired facilities and newly developed and expanded facilities increased 98.2% ($226.3 million), as compared to 2021.
we have experienced recent inflationary impacts on our cost of operations, including labor, utilities, and repairs and maintenance, and costs of development and expansion activities, and we may continue to experience such impacts in the future. we have implemented various initiatives to manage the adverse impacts, such as enhancements in operational processes and investments in technology to reduce payroll hours, achievement of economies of scale from recent acquisitions with supervisory payroll allocated over a broader number of self-storage facilities, and investments in solar power and led lights to lower utility usage.
in order to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors (including newly developed facilities), we have embarked on our multi-year property of tomorrow program to (i) rebrand our properties with more pronounced, attractive, and clearly identifiable color schemes and signage, (ii) enhance the energy efficiency of our properties, and (iii) upgrade the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. we expect to complete the program by the end of 2025. we spent approximately $189 million on the program in 2022 and expect to spend approximately $160 million in 2023 on this effort.
on april 24, 2022, psb entered into an agreement and plan of merger whereby affiliates of blackstone real estate ("blackstone") agreed to acquire all outstanding shares of psb's common stock for $187.50 per share in cash. on july 20, 2022, psb announced that it completed the merger transaction with blackstone. each share of psb common stock and each common unit of partnership interest we held in psb were converted into the right to receive the merger consideration of $187.50 per share or unit, including a $5.25 closing cash dividend per share or unit, and a $0.22 prorated quarterly cash dividend per share or unit, for a total of $187.72 per share or unit. at the close of the merger transaction, we received a total of $2.7 billion of cash proceeds and recognized a gain of $2.1 billion, which was classified within gain on sale of our equity investment in ps business parks, inc. in the consolidated statement of income.
in connection with the sale of our equity investment in psb, on august 4, 2022, we paid a special cash dividend of $13.15 per common share, totaling approximately $2.3 billion, to shareholders of record as of august 1, 2022.
on february 5, 2023, we disclosed that we made a proposal to acquire all of the outstanding shares and units of life storage for consideration consisting of public storage common shares at an exchange ratio of 0.4192 public storage common shares for each outstanding life storage share or unit. our public offer followed prior rebuffs by life storage of our attempts to negotiate privately. for more detail about the proposal, please see our current report on form 8-k filed with the sec on february 6, 2023. on february 16, 2023, life storage announced it had rejected the offer. we currently intend to pursue the proposed transaction. in the event we enter into and consummate an acquisition of life storage, the acquisition would have a significant impact on our future results of operations.
on february 4, 2023, our board of trustees declared a 50% increase in its regular common quarterly dividend from $2.00 to $3.00 per share, payable on march 30, 2023 to shareholders of record as of march 15, 2023. the distribution equates to an annualized increase to the company's regular common dividend from $8.00 to $12.00 per share.
results of operations operating results for 2022 and 2021
in 2022, net income allocable to our common shareholders was $4,142.3 million or $23.50 per diluted common share, compared to $1,732.4 million or $9.87 per diluted common share in 2021, representing an increase of $2,409.9 million or $13.63 per diluted common share. the increase is due primarily to (i) a $2.1 billion gain on sale of our equity investment in psb and (ii) a $614.3 million increase in self-storage net operating income, partially offset by (iii) a $174.7 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) a $125.1 million decrease in equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities due to sale of our equity investment in psb, and (v) a $45.5 million increase in interest expense.
the $614.3 million increase in self-storage net operating income in 2022 as compared to 2021 is a result of a $370.1 million increase attributable to our same store facilities and a $244.2 million increase attributable to our non-same store facilities. revenues for the same store facilities increased 14.8% or $409.9 million in 2022 as compared to 2021, due primarily to higher realized annual rent per occupied square foot, partially offset by a decline in occupancy. cost of operations for the same store facilities increased by 5.7% or $39.9 million in 2022 as compared to 2021, due primarily to increased property tax expense, on-site property manager payroll expense, marketing expense, other direct property costs, and centralized management costs. the increase in net operating income of $244.2 million for the non-same store facilities is due primarily to the impact of facilities acquired in 2021 and the fill-up of recently developed and expanded facilities.
operating results for 2021 and 2020
in 2021, net income allocable to our common shareholders was $1,732.4 million or $9.87 per diluted common share, compared to $1,098.3 million or $6.29 per diluted common share in 2020, representing an increase of $634.1 million or $3.58 per diluted common share. the increase is due primarily to (i) a $437.4 million increase in self-storage net operating income, (ii) a $209.7 million increase in foreign currency exchange gains associated with our euro denominated notes payable, and (iii) our $149.0 million equity share of gains on sale of real estate recorded by psb in 2021, partially offset by (iv) a $160.2 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense.
the $437.4 million increase in self-storage net operating income in 2021 as compared to 2020 is a result of a $279.5 million increase in our same store facilities and a $157.9 million increase in our non-same store facilities. revenues for the same store facilities increased 10.6% or $265.8 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, due primarily to higher realized annual rent per available square foot and weighted average square foot occupancy. cost of operations for the same store facilities decreased by 1.9% or $13.8 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, due primarily to (i) a 36.1% ($22.4 million) decrease in marketing expenses and (ii) an 11.2% ($14.4 million) decrease in on-site property manager payroll. the increase in net operating income of $157.9 million for the non-same store facilities is due primarily to the impact of facilities acquired in 2021 and 2020 and the fill-up of recently developed and expanded facilities.
funds from operations and core funds from operations funds from operations ("ffo") and ffo per share are non-gaap measures defined by nareit. we believe that ffo and ffo per share are useful to reit investors and analysts in measuring our performance because nareit's definition of ffo excludes items included in net income that do not relate to or are not indicative of our operating and financial performance. ffo represents net income before depreciation and amortization, which is excluded because it is based upon historical costs and assumes that building values diminish ratably over time, while we believe that real estate values fluctuate due to market conditions. ffo also excludes gains or losses on sale of real estate assets and real estate impairment charges, which are also based upon historical costs and are impacted by historical depreciation. ffo and ffo per share are not a substitute for net income or earnings per share. ffo is not a substitute for net cash flow in evaluating our liquidity or ability to pay dividends, because it excludes investing and financing activities presented on our consolidated statements of cash flows. in addition, other reits may compute these measures differently, so comparisons among reits may not be helpful.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, ffo was $16.46 per diluted common share as compared to $13.36 and $9.75 per diluted common share for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing an increase in 2022 of 23.2%, or $3.10 per diluted common share, as compared to 2021.
we also present "core ffo" and "core ffo per share" non-gaap measures that represent ffo and ffo per share excluding the impact of (i) foreign currency exchange gains and losses, (ii) charges related to the redemption of preferred securities, and (iii) certain other non-cash and/or nonrecurring income or expense items primarily representing, with respect to the periods presented below, the impact of loss contingency accruals and casualties, unrealized gain on private equity investments and our equity share of merger transaction costs, severance of a senior executive, lease termination income, and casualties from our equity investees. we review core ffo and core ffo per share to evaluate our ongoing operating performance and we believe they are used by investors and reit analysts in a similar manner. however, core ffo and core ffo per share are not substitutes for net income and net income per share. because other reits may not compute core ffo or core ffo per share in the same manner as we do, may not use the same terminology or may not present such measures, core ffo and core ffo per share may not be comparable among reits.
the following table reconciles net income to ffo and core ffo and reconciles diluted earnings per share to ffo per share and core ffo per share:
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                       year ended december 31,
2022                            2021                   percentage change                            2021                            2020                   percentage change
(amounts in thousands, except per share data)
reconciliation of net income to ffo and core ffo:
net income allocable to common shareholders                                                                                                                             $4,142,288                      $1,732,444                           139.1       %                  $1,732,444                      $1,098,335                            57.7       %
eliminate items excluded from ffo:
depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                              881,569                         709,349                                                             709,349                         549,975
depreciation from unconsolidated real estate investments                                                                                                                    54,822                          73,729                                                              73,729                          70,681
depreciation allocated to noncontrolling interests and restricted share unitholders                                                                                        (6,622)                         (4,415)                                                             (4,415)                         (3,850)
gains on sale of real estate investments, including our equity share from investments                                                                                     (54,403)                       (165,272)                                                           (165,272)                        (12,791)
gain on sale of equity investment in ps business parks, inc.                                                                                                           (2,116,839)                               -                                                                   -                               -
ffo allocable to common shares                                                                                                                                          $2,900,815                      $2,345,835                            23.7       %                  $2,345,835                      $1,702,350                            37.8       %
eliminate the impact of items excluded from core ffo, including our equity share from investments:
foreign currency exchange (gain) loss                                                                                                                                     (98,314)                       (111,787)                                                           (111,787)                          97,953
preferred share redemption charge                                                                                                                                                -                          31,604                                                              31,604                          48,265
property losses and tenant claims due to casualties (a)                                                                                                                      4,817                           4,909                                                               4,909                               -
other items                                                                                                                                                                  (338)                           (543)                                                               (543)                           4,412
core ffo allocable to common shares                                                                                                                                     $2,806,980                      $2,270,018                            23.7       %                  $2,270,018                      $1,852,980                            22.5       %
reconciliation of diluted earnings per share to ffo per share and core ffo per share:
diluted earnings per share                                                                                                                                                  $23.50                           $9.87                           138.1       %                       $9.87                           $6.29                            56.9       %
eliminate amounts per share excluded from ffo:
depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                                 5.27                            4.44                                                                4.44                            3.53
gains on sale of real estate investments, including our equity share from investments                                                                                       (0.31)                          (0.95)                                                              (0.95)                          (0.07)
gain on sale of equity investment in ps business parks, inc.                                                                                                               (12.00)                               -                                                                   -                               -
ffo per share                                                                                                                                                               $16.46                          $13.36                            23.2       %                      $13.36                           $9.75                            37.0       %
eliminate the per share impact of items excluded from core ffo, including our equity share from investments:
foreign currency exchange (gain) loss                                                                                                                                       (0.57)                          (0.64)                                                              (0.64)                            0.56
preferred share redemption charge                                                                                                                                                -                            0.18                                                                0.18                            0.28
property losses and tenant claims due to casualties (a)                                                                                                                       0.03                            0.03                                                                0.03                               -
other items                                                                                                                                                                      -                               -                                                                   -                            0.02
core ffo per share                                                                                                                                                          $15.92                          $12.93                            23.1       %                      $12.93                          $10.61                            21.9       %
diluted weighted average common shares                                                                                                                                     176,280                         175,568                                                             175,568                         174,642
(a)property losses and tenant claims due to casualties were related to hurricane ian in 2022, and hurricane ida in 2021, and were included in general and administrative expenses and ancillary cost of operations on the consolidated statements of income.
analysis of net income - self-storage operations our self-storage operations are analyzed in four groups: (i) the 2,276 facilities that we have owned and operated on a stabilized basis since january 1, 2020 (the "same store facilities"), (ii) 368 facilities we acquired since january 1, 2020 (the "acquired facilities"), (iii) 153 facilities that have been newly developed or expanded, or that had commenced expansion by december 31, 2022 (the "newly developed and expanded facilities"), and (iv) 72 other facilities, which are otherwise not stabilized with respect to occupancies or rental rates since january 1, 2020 (the "other non-same store facilities"). see note 13 to our december 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements "segment information," for a reconciliation of the amounts in the tables below to our total net income.
self-storage operations summary                                            year ended december 31,                                                                                                                       year ended december 31,
2022                            2021                   percentage change                            2021                            2020                   percentage change
(dollar amounts and square footage in thousands)
revenues:
same store facilities                                                                                 $3,175,207                      $2,765,263                            14.8       %                  $2,765,263                      $2,499,486                            10.6       %
acquired facilities                                                                                      402,892                         161,364                           149.7       %                     161,364                          11,365                          1319.8       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                                                                  269,245                         197,058                            36.6       %                     197,058                         145,360                            35.6       %
other non-same store facilities                                                                           98,684                          79,881                            23.5       %                      79,881                          65,419                            22.1       %
3,946,028                       3,203,566                            23.2       %                   3,203,566                       2,721,630                            17.7       %
cost of operations:
same store facilities                                                                                    738,491                         698,629                             5.7       %                     698,629                         712,390                           (1.9)       %
acquired facilities                                                                                      135,911                          57,921                           134.6       %                      57,921                           6,742                           759.1       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                                                                   79,466                          70,029                            13.5       %                      70,029                          62,871                            11.4       %
other non-same store facilities                                                                           26,341                          25,451                             3.5       %                      25,451                          25,540                           (0.3)       %
980,209                         852,030                            15.0       %                     852,030                         807,543                             5.5       %
net operating income (a):
same store facilities                                                                                  2,436,716                       2,066,634                            17.9       %                   2,066,634                       1,787,096                            15.6       %
acquired facilities                                                                                      266,981                         103,443                           158.1       %                     103,443                           4,623                          2137.6       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                                                                  189,779                         127,029                            49.4       %                     127,029                          82,489                            54.0       %
other non-same store facilities                                                                           72,343                          54,430                            32.9       %                      54,430                          39,879                            36.5       %
total net operating income                                                                             2,965,819                       2,351,536                            26.1       %                   2,351,536                       1,914,087                            22.9       %
depreciation and amortization expense:
same store facilities                                                                                    471,458                         451,802                             4.4       %                     451,802                         452,622                           (0.2)       %
acquired facilities                                                                                      309,312                         167,119                            85.1       %                     167,119                          11,904                          1303.9       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                                                                   63,362                          56,411                            12.3       %                      56,411                          48,573                            16.1       %
other non-same store facilities                                                                           44,014                          38,096                            15.5       %                      38,096                          40,158                           (5.1)       %
total depreciation and amortization expense                                                              888,146                         713,428                            24.5       %                     713,428                         553,257                            29.0       %
net income (loss):
same store facilities                                                                                  1,965,258                       1,614,832                            21.7       %                   1,614,832                       1,334,474                            21.0       %
acquired facilities                                                                                     (42,331)                        (63,676)                          (33.5)       %                    (63,676)                         (7,281)                           774.6       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                                                                  126,417                          70,618                            79.0       %                      70,618                          33,916                           108.2       %
other non-same store facilities                                                                           28,329                          16,334                            73.4       %                      16,334                           (279)                        (5954.5)       %
total net income                                                                                      $2,077,673                      $1,638,108                            26.8       %                  $1,638,108                      $1,360,830                            20.4       %
number of facilities at period end:
same store facilities                                                                                      2,276                           2,276                                       -                       2,276                           2,276                                       -
acquired facilities                                                                                          368                             294                            25.2       %                         294                              62                           374.2       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                                                                      153                             145                             5.5       %                         145                             137                             5.8       %
other non-same store facilities                                                                               72                              72                                       -                          72                              73                                       -
2,869                           2,787                             2.9       %                       2,787                           2,548                             9.4       %
net rentable square footage at period end:
same store facilities                                                                                    149,118                         149,118                                       -                     149,118                         149,118                                       -
acquired facilities                                                                                       31,709                          26,905                            17.9       %                      26,905                           5,075                           430.1       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                                                                   17,700                          16,606                             6.6       %                      16,606                          15,088                            10.1       %
other non-same store facilities                                                                            5,690                           5,690                                       -                       5,690                           5,770                           (1.4)       %
204,217                         198,319                             3.0       %                     198,319                         175,051                            13.3       %
(a)net operating income or "noi" is a non-gaap financial measure that excludes the impact of depreciation and amortization expense, which is based upon historical real estate costs and assumes that building values diminish ratably over time, while we believe that real estate values fluctuate due to market conditions. we utilize noi in determining current property values, evaluating property performance, and in evaluating property operating trends. we believe that investors and analysts utilize noi in a similar manner. noi is not a substitute for net income, operating cash flow, or other related financial measures, in evaluating our operating results. see note 13 to our december 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of noi to our total net income for all periods presented.
same store facilities the same store facilities consist of facilities we have owned and operated on a stabilized level of occupancy, revenues, and cost of operations since january 1, 2020. the composition of our same store facilities allows us more effectively to evaluate the ongoing performance of our self-storage portfolio in 2020, 2021, and 2022 and exclude the impact of fill-up of unstabilized facilities, which can significantly affect operating trends. we believe investors and analysts use same store information in a similar manner. however, because other reits may not compute same store facilities in the same manner as we do, may not use the same terminology or may not present such a measure, same store facilities may not be comparable among reits.
the following table summarizes the historical operating results of these 2,276 facilities (149.1 million net rentable square feet) that represent approximately 73% of the aggregate net rentable square feet of our u.s. consolidated self-storage portfolio at december 31, 2022. it includes various measures and detail that we do not include in the analysis of the developed, acquired, and other non-same store facilities, due to the relative magnitude and importance of the same store facilities relative to our other self-storage facilities.
selected operating data for the same store facilities (2,276 facilities)
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                          year ended december 31,
2022                                                       2021                   percentage change                             2021                             2020                   percentage change
(dollar amounts in thousands, except for per square foot data)
revenues (a):
rental income                                                                                                                          $3,074,192                       $2,683,116                                    14.6%                  $2,683,116                       $2,415,822                                    11.1%
late charges and administrative fees                                                                                                      101,015                           82,147                                    23.0%                      82,147                           83,664                                   (1.8)%
total revenues                                                                                                                          3,175,207                        2,765,263                                    14.8%                   2,765,263                        2,499,486                                    10.6%
direct cost of operations (a):
property taxes                                                                                                                            279,388                          267,961                                     4.3%                     267,961                          258,453                                     3.7%
on-site property manager payroll                                                                                                          119,139                          114,426                                     4.1%                     114,426                          128,819                                  (11.2)%
repairs and maintenance                                                                                                                    58,468                           52,703                                    10.9%                      52,703                           50,700                                     4.0%
utilities                                                                                                                                  43,457                           40,548                                     7.2%                      40,548                           41,345                                   (1.9)%
marketing                                                                                                                                  45,906                           39,682                                    15.7%                      39,682                           62,101                                  (36.1)%
other direct property costs                                                                                                                80,991                           73,646                                    10.0%                      73,646                           68,332                                     7.8%
total direct cost of operations                                                                                                           627,349                          588,966                                     6.5%                     588,966                          609,750                                   (3.4)%
direct net operating income (b)                                                                                                         2,547,858                        2,176,297                                    17.1%                   2,176,297                        1,889,736                                    15.2%
indirect cost of operations (a):
supervisory payroll                                                                                                                      (35,017)                         (37,058)                                   (5.5)%                    (37,058)                         (40,965)                                   (9.5)%
centralized management costs                                                                                                             (61,922)                         (55,350)                                    11.9%                    (55,350)                         (49,129)                                    12.7%
share-based compensation                                                                                                                 (14,203)                         (17,255)                                  (17.7)%                    (17,255)                         (12,546)                                    37.5%
net operating income                                                                                                                    2,436,716                        2,066,634                                    17.9%                   2,066,634                        1,787,096                                    15.6%
depreciation and amortization expense                                                                                                   (471,458)                        (451,802)                                     4.4%                   (451,802)                        (452,622)                                   (0.2)%
net income                                                                                                                             $1,965,258                       $1,614,832                                    21.7%                  $1,614,832                       $1,334,474                                    21.0%
gross margin (before indirect costs, depreciation and amortization expense)                                                                      80.2%                            78.7%                                1.9%                            78.7%                            75.6%                                4.1%
gross margin (before depreciation and amortization expense)                                                                                      76.7%                            74.7%                                2.7%                            74.7%                            71.5%                                4.5%
weighted average for the period:
square foot occupancy                                                                                                                            94.9%                            96.3%                              (1.5)%                            96.3%                            94.5%                                1.9%
realized annual rental income per (c):
occupied square foot                                                                                                                            $21.73                           $18.67                               16.4%                           $18.67                           $17.15                                8.9%
available square foot                                                                                                                           $20.61                           $17.99                               14.6%                           $17.99                           $16.20                               11.0%
at december 31:
square foot occupancy                                                                                                                            92.4%                            94.8%                              (2.5)%                            94.8%                            94.2%                                0.6%
annual contract rent per occupied square foot (d)                                                                                               $23.02                           $19.96                               15.3%                           $19.96                           $17.81                               12.1%
(a)revenues and cost of operations do not include tenant reinsurance and merchandise sale revenues and expenses generated at the facilities. see "ancillary operations" below for more information.
(b)direct net operating income ("direct noi"), a subtotal within noi, is a non-gaap financial measure that excludes the impact of supervisory payroll, centralized management costs, and share-based compensation in addition to depreciation and amortization expense. we utilize direct net operating income in evaluating property performance and in evaluating property operating trends as compared to our competitors.
(c)realized annual rent per occupied square foot is computed by dividing rental income, before late charges and administrative fees, by the weighted average occupied square feet for the period. realized annual rent per available square foot ("revpaf") is computed by dividing rental income, before late charges and administrative fees, by the total available net rentable square feet for the period. these measures exclude late charges and administrative fees in order to provide a better measure of our ongoing level of revenue. late charges are dependent upon the level of delinquency, and administrative fees are dependent upon the level of move-ins. in addition, the rates charged for late charges and administrative fees can vary independently from rental rates. these measures take into consideration promotional discounts, which reduce rental income.
(d)annual contract rent represents the agreed upon monthly rate that is paid by our tenants in place at the time of measurement. contract rates are initially set in the lease agreement upon move-in, and we adjust them from time to time with notice. contract rent excludes other fees that are charged on a per-item basis, such as late charges and administrative fees, does not reflect the impact of promotional discounts, and does not reflect the impact of rents that are written off as uncollectible.
analysis of same store revenue we believe a balanced occupancy and rate strategy maximizes our revenues over time. we regularly adjust rental rates and promotional discounts offered (generally, "$1.00 rent for the first month"), as well as our marketing efforts to maximize revenue from new tenants to replace tenants that vacate.
we typically increase rental rates to our long-term tenants (generally, those who have been with us for at least a year) every six to twelve months. as a result, the number of long-term tenants we have in our facilities is an important factor in our revenue growth. the level of rate increases to long-term tenants is based upon evaluating the additional revenue from the increase against the negative impact of incremental move-outs, by considering customers' in-place rent and prevailing market rents, among other factors.
revenues generated by our same store facilities increased 14.8% and 10.6% in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in each case as compared to the previous year. the increase in 2022 is due primarily to (i) a 16.4% increase in realized annual rent per occupied square foot for 2022 as compared to 2021, partially offset by (ii) a 1.5% decrease in average occupancy for 2022 as compared to 2021. the increase in 2021 is due primarily to (i) an 8.9% increase in realized annual rent per occupied square foot for 2021 as compared to 2020 and, to a lesser extent, (ii) a 1.9% increase in average occupancy for 2021 as compared to 2020.
our growth in revenues, realized annual rent per occupied square foot, and revpaf for 2022 as compared to 2021 was evident in each of our markets. our weighted average square foot occupancy remained strong across our markets for 2022.
the increase in realized annual rent per occupied square foot in 2022 as compared to the same periods in 2021 was due to rate increases to existing long-term tenants in substantially all of our markets in 2022 as compared to curtailed increases in certain markets in 2021, combined with a 6.2% increase in average rates per square foot charged to new tenants moving in, as a result of strong customer demand in most of our markets. these improvements were partially offset by increases in move-out activity and promotional discounts given during 2022 as compared to 2021. at december 31, 2022, annual contract rent per occupied square foot was 15.3% higher as compared to december 31, 2021.
we experienced high occupancy levels throughout 2022 with a weighted average square foot occupancy of 94.9%, although representing a decrease of 1.5% during 2022 as compared to 2021. year-over-year move-out volumes increased 9.7% and year-over-year move-in volumes increased 4.5% in 2022 as compared to 2021, leading to a lower square foot occupancy at december 31, 2022 of 92.4% as compared to 94.8% at december 31, 2021.
move-out volumes were partially impacted by rental rate increases to our existing tenants in 2022 as compared to 2021. however, move-out activity from tenants not receiving increases was also higher in 2022 compared to 2021 but remains below pre-2020 levels. average length of stay of our tenants increased in 2022 as compared to 2021, which supported our revenue growth by contributing to the number of tenants eligible for rental rate increases in 2022.
in order to attract more new tenants to replace those that vacated in the second half of 2022, we took a number of actions including increasing promotional discounting, reducing rental rates to new customers, and increasing marketing expense.
demand historically has been higher in the summer months than in the winter months and, as a result, rental rates charged to new tenants have typically been higher in the summer months than in the winter months. more typical seasonal patterns of demand with lower demand in the winter months returned in 2022. demand fluctuates due to various local and regional factors, including the overall economy. demand for our facilities is also impacted by new supply of self-storage space and alternatives to self-storage.
we expect weaker demand in 2023 as compared to 2022 driven by a weaker macroeconomic outlook and more limited moving activities, with move-out activities and occupancy levels returning to pre-2020 levels. we will continue to support demand levels with increased marketing expense, lowering rental rates to new customers, and increased promotional discounting. as a result, we expect revenue growth to decline significantly in 2023 as compared to high levels of growth in 2022 and 2021. with a wide range of potential macroeconomic pathways for 2023, the range of potential revenue growth rates is wide including the potential for year-over-year declines in revenue in the second half of 2023.
late charges and administrative fees late charges and administrative fees increased 23.0% in 2022 and decreased 1.8% in 2021, in each case as compared to the previous year. the increase in 2022 is due to (i) higher late charges collected on delinquent accounts driven by more delinquent accounts compared to 2021 and to a lesser extent (ii) higher administrative fees charged per move-in combined with higher move-in volumes. the decrease in 2021 as compared to 2020 is due to (i) an acceleration in average collections whereby a greater percentage of tenants paid their monthly rent promptly to avoid the incurrence of such fees and (ii) reduced move-in administrative fees due to lower move-ins.
selected key statistical data the following table sets forth average annual contract rent per square foot and total square footage for tenants moving in and moving out during the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. it also includes promotional discounts, which vary based upon the move-in contractual rates, move-in volume, and percentage of tenants moving in who receive the discount.
year ended december 31,                                                                                                              year ended december 31,
2022                            2021                                              change                            2021   2020                                              change
(amounts in thousands, except for per square foot amounts)
tenants moving in during the period:
average annual contract rent per square foot                                                              $18.11                          $17.06                           6.2%                      $17.06                          $13.53                          26.1%
square footage                                                                                            97,783                          93,607                           4.5%                      93,607                         104,636                        (10.5)%
contract rents gained from move-ins                                                                   $1,770,850                      $1,596,935                          10.9%                  $1,596,935                      $1,415,725                          12.8%
promotional discounts given                                                                              $46,087                         $38,203                          20.6%                     $38,203                         $75,785                        (49.6)%
tenants moving out during the period:
average annual contract rent per square foot                                                              $20.65                          $17.52                          17.9%                      $17.52                          $15.52                          12.9%
square footage                                                                                           101,399                          92,466                           9.7%                      92,466                         100,670                         (8.1)%
contract rents lost from move-outs                                                                    $2,093,889                      $1,620,004                          29.3%                  $1,620,004                      $1,562,398                           3.7%
analysis of same store cost of operations cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization) increased 5.7% in 2022 as compared to 2021 due primarily to increased property tax expense, on-site property manager payroll expense, marketing expense, other direct property costs, and centralized management costs. cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization) decreased 1.9% in 2021 as compared to 2020 due primarily to decreased marketing expense and on-site property manager payroll expense, partially offset by increased property tax expense, other direct property costs, and centralized management costs.
property tax expense increased 4.3% and 3.7% in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in each case as compared to the previous year, as a result of higher assessed values. we expected property tax expense growth of approximately 5.3% in 2023 due primarily to higher assessed values.
on-site property manager payroll expense increased 4.1% in 2022 as compared to 2021 and decreased 11.2% in 2021 as compared to 2020. the increase in 2022 is primarily due to competitive labor conditions experienced in most geographical markets, partially offset by a decline in hours worked driven by revisions in operational processes. the decrease in 2021 is primarily due to (i) a year-over-year decline in hours worked due to staffing reductions from reduced move-in and move-out activity and revisions to other operational processes and (ii) a temporary $3.00 hourly incentive increase and enhancement of paid time off benefits to all of our property managers between april 1, 2020 and june 30, 2020 in response to the covid pandemic, partially offset by wage increases in response to competitive labor conditions experienced in most geographical markets since the second quarter of 2021. we expect on-site property manager payroll expense to increase in 2023 driven by increased wage rates, partially offset by expected reduction in labor hours driven by revisions in operational processes.
marketing expense includes internet advertising and the operating costs of our telephone reservation center. internet advertising expense, comprising keyword search fees assessed on a "per click" basis, varies based upon demand for self-storage space, the quantity of people inquiring about self-storage through online search, occupancy levels, the number and aggressiveness of bidding competitors, and other factors. these factors are volatile; accordingly, internet advertising can increase or decrease significantly in the short-term. we increased marketing expense by 15.7% in 2022 as compared to 2021, by utilizing a higher volume of online paid search programs to attract new tenants. we decreased marketing expense by 36.1% in 2021 as compared to 2020 due primarily to lower volume of paid search programs we utilized in 2021 given strong demand and high occupancies in many of our same store properties.
other direct property costs include administrative expenses specific to each self-storage facility, such as property loss, telephone and data communication lines, business license costs, bank charges related to processing the facilities' cash receipts, tenant mailings, credit card fees, eviction costs, and the cost of operating each property's rental office. these costs increased 10.0% in 2022 as compared to 2021 and 7.8% in 2021 as compared to 2020. these increases were due primarily to an increase in credit card fees as result of year-over-year increases in revenues, and to a lesser extent, a long-term trend of more customers paying with credit cards rather than cash, checks, or other methods of payment with lower transaction costs. we expect a moderate increase in other direct property costs in 2023 primarily driven by increase in credit card fees.
centralized management costs represents administrative and cash compensation expenses for shared general corporate functions to the extent their efforts are devoted to self-storage operations. such functions include information technology support, hardware, and software, as well as centralized administration of payroll, benefits, training, facilities management, customer service, pricing and marketing, operational accounting and finance, and legal costs. centralized management costs increased 11.9% in 2022 as compared to 2021 and 12.7% in 2021 as compared to 2020. these increases were due primarily to an increase in technology and data team costs that support property operations. we expect centralized managements costs to remain flat in 2023 compared to 2022.
analysis of market trends the following tables set forth selected market trends in our same store facilities:
same store facilities operating trends by market as of december 31, 2022                                                                                                                      year ended december 31, number            square                                realized rent per                          average occupancy                                realized rent per of              feet                             occupied square foot                                                                       available square foot facilities        (millions)
2022                                                 2021           change             2022           2021         change          2022          2021           change los angeles                         212              15.3      $32.55           $27.32           19.1    %      96.9    %      98.2   %     (1.3)   %      $31.55           $26.83           17.6    %
san francisco                       128               7.8       31.43            28.08           11.9    %      95.3    %      97.2   %     (2.0)   %       29.95            27.29            9.7    %
new york                             90               6.4       30.60            27.44           11.5    %      94.5    %      96.3   %     (1.9)   %       28.92            26.43            9.4    %
miami                                83               5.8       27.92            22.42           24.5    %      95.6    %      97.1   %     (1.5)   %       26.70            21.77           22.6    %
seattle-tacoma                       86               5.7       25.11            21.95           14.4    %      94.2    %      95.3   %     (1.2)   %       23.67            20.93           13.1    %
washington dc                        90               5.5       25.42            22.65           12.2    %      93.4    %      95.3   %     (2.0)   %       23.74            21.58           10.0    %
chicago                             129               8.1       19.28            16.63           15.9    %      93.6    %      95.7   %     (2.2)   %       18.05            15.92           13.4    %
dallas-ft. worth                    106               7.0       17.28            14.72           17.4    %      94.6    %      95.8   %     (1.3)   %       16.35            14.11           15.9    %
atlanta                             101               6.6       17.39            14.49           20.0    %      93.7    %      96.0   %     (2.4)   %       16.29            13.91           17.1    %
houston                              95               6.8       15.88            13.58           16.9    %      93.6    %      94.3   %     (0.7)   %       14.86            12.81           16.0    %
orlando-daytona                      69               4.4       17.96            14.87           20.8    %      95.9    %      95.7   %       0.2   %       17.22            14.23           21.0    %
philadelphia                         56               3.5       20.92            18.55           12.8    %      94.4    %      97.1   %     (2.8)   %       19.75            18.02            9.6    %
west palm beach                      37               2.6       25.40            21.15           20.1    %      95.9    %      96.8   %     (0.9)   %       24.35            20.48           18.9    %
tampa                                51               3.4       18.87            15.51           21.7    %      95.0    %      96.2   %     (1.2)   %       17.93            14.92           20.2    %
charlotte                            50               3.8       15.01            12.46           20.5    %      95.0    %      95.9   %     (0.9)   %       14.26            11.95           19.3    %
all other markets                   893              56.4       17.91            15.51           15.5    %      94.8    %      96.2   %     (1.5)   %       16.98            14.93           13.7    %
totals                            2,276             149.1      $21.73           $18.67           16.4    %      94.9    %      96.3   %     (1.5)   %      $20.61           $17.99           14.6    %
same store facilities operating trends by market (continued)
year ended december 31, revenues ($000's)                             direct expenses ($000's)                           indirect expenses ($000's)                                 net operating income ($000's)
2022                                                     2021         change               2022               2021         change               2022               2021         change                  2022                  2021            change los angeles                  $492,438            $417,935          17.8    %       $62,909            $58,765            7.1    %       $11,287            $11,014            2.5    %        $418,242              $348,156              20.1     %
san francisco                 238,642             216,832          10.1    %        35,100             33,929            3.5    %         6,645              6,689          (0.7)    %         196,897               176,214              11.7     %
new york                      190,639             174,251           9.4    %        44,968             42,982            4.6    %         5,335              5,450          (2.1)    %         140,336               125,819              11.5     %
miami                         160,813             131,175          22.6    %        28,259             26,100            8.3    %         4,016              4,182          (4.0)    %         128,538               100,893              27.4     %
seattle-tacoma                138,426             122,217          13.3    %        23,295             22,457            3.7    %         3,894              4,060          (4.1)    %         111,237                95,700              16.2     %
washington dc                 135,483             122,902          10.2    %        27,850             26,531            5.0    %         4,140              4,079            1.5    %         103,493                92,292              12.1     %
chicago                       152,089             133,771          13.7    %        57,184             51,764           10.5    %         5,917              5,797            2.1    %          88,988                76,210              16.8     %
dallas-ft. worth              118,577             102,074          16.2    %        26,047             24,196            7.7    %         4,548              4,645          (2.1)    %          87,982                73,233              20.1     %
atlanta                       113,572              96,721          17.4    %        22,299             19,041           17.1    %         4,756              4,879          (2.5)    %          86,517                72,801              18.8     %
houston                       105,071              90,192          16.5    %        28,554             27,281            4.7    %         4,289              4,397          (2.5)    %          72,228                58,514              23.4     %
orlando-daytona                78,622              64,982          21.0    %        14,883             13,543            9.9    %         3,487              3,284            6.2    %          60,252                48,155              25.1     %
philadelphia                   72,597              66,000          10.0    %        15,685             15,105            3.8    %         2,717              2,730          (0.5)    %          54,195                48,165              12.5     %
west palm beach                66,203              55,558          19.2    %        13,232             11,710           13.0    %         1,917              2,010          (4.6)    %          51,054                41,838              22.0     %
tampa                          63,047              52,443          20.2    %        13,033             11,767           10.8    %         2,385              2,404          (0.8)    %          47,629                38,272              24.4     %
charlotte                      56,671              47,411          19.5    %         9,405              9,113            3.2    %         2,324              2,208            5.3    %          44,942                36,090              24.5     %
all other markets             992,317             870,799          14.0    %       204,646            194,682            5.1    %        43,485             41,835            3.9    %         744,186               634,282              17.3     %
totals                     $3,175,207          $2,765,263          14.8    %      $627,349           $588,966            6.5    %      $111,142           $109,663            1.3    %      $2,436,716            $2,066,634              17.9     %
same store facilities operating trends by market (continued)
as of december 31, 2022                                                                                                                    year ended december 31, number            square                                realized rent per                        average occupancy                                realized rent per of              feet                             occupied square foot                                                                     available square foot facilities        (millions)
2021                                                 2020           change             2021           2020         change          2021        2020           change los angeles                         212              15.3      $27.32           $25.81            5.9    %      98.2    %      96.6   %     1.7   %      $26.83           $24.93            7.6    %
san francisco                       128               7.8       28.08            26.59            5.6    %      97.2    %      96.0   %     1.3   %       27.29            25.53            6.9    %
new york                             90               6.4       27.44            25.86            6.1    %      96.3    %      95.1   %     1.3   %       26.43            24.58            7.5    %
miami                                83               5.8       22.42            19.73           13.6    %      97.1    %      94.4   %     2.9   %       21.77            18.62           16.9    %
seattle-tacoma                       86               5.7       21.95            20.23            8.5    %      95.3    %      94.1   %     1.3   %       20.93            19.04            9.9    %
washington dc                        90               5.5       22.65            21.05            7.6    %      95.3    %      94.4   %     1.0   %       21.58            19.88            8.6    %
chicago                             129               8.1       16.63            14.96           11.2    %      95.7    %      93.8   %     2.0   %       15.92            14.04           13.4    %
dallas-ft. worth                    106               7.0       14.72            13.33           10.4    %      95.8    %      93.0   %     3.0   %       14.11            12.40           13.8    %
atlanta                             101               6.6       14.49            13.11           10.5    %      96.0    %      92.8   %     3.4   %       13.91            12.17           14.3    %
houston                              95               6.8       13.58            12.45            9.1    %      94.3    %      92.2   %     2.3   %       12.81            11.48           11.6    %
orlando-daytona                      69               4.4       14.87            13.57            9.6    %      95.7    %      94.4   %     1.4   %       14.23            12.81           11.1    %
philadelphia                         56               3.5       18.55            16.86           10.0    %      97.1    %      96.1   %     1.0   %       18.02            16.20           11.2    %
west palm beach                      37               2.6       21.15            18.36           15.2    %      96.8    %      94.7   %     2.2   %       20.48            17.39           17.8    %
tampa                                51               3.4       15.51            13.71           13.1    %      96.2    %      93.4   %     3.0   %       14.92            12.80           16.6    %
charlotte                            50               3.8       12.46            11.10           12.3    %      95.9    %      92.9   %     3.2   %       11.95            10.31           15.9    %
all other markets                   893              56.4       15.51            14.09           10.1    %      96.2    %      94.5   %     1.8   %       14.93            13.31           12.2    %
totals                            2,276             149.1      $18.67           $17.15            8.9    %      96.3    %      94.5   %     1.9   %      $17.99           $16.20           11.0    %
same store facilities operating trends by market (continued)
year ended december 31, revenues ($000's)                             direct expenses ($000's)                           indirect expenses ($000's)                                 net operating income ($000's)
2021                                                     2020         change               2021               2020         change               2021               2020         change                  2021                  2020            change los angeles                  $417,935            $389,109           7.4    %       $58,765            $62,787          (6.4)    %       $11,014            $10,371            6.2    %        $348,156              $315,951              10.2     %
san francisco                 216,832             202,927           6.9    %        33,929             35,029          (3.1)    %         6,689              6,337            5.6    %         176,214               161,561               9.1     %
new york                      174,251             162,637           7.1    %        42,982             43,849          (2.0)    %         5,450              4,881           11.7    %         125,819               113,907              10.5     %
miami                         131,175             112,742          16.3    %        26,100             26,353          (1.0)    %         4,182              4,115            1.6    %         100,893                82,274              22.6     %
seattle-tacoma                122,217             111,693           9.4    %        22,457             23,228          (3.3)    %         4,060              4,057            0.1    %          95,700                84,408              13.4     %
washington dc                 122,902             113,694           8.1    %        26,531             26,926          (1.5)    %         4,079              3,667           11.2    %          92,292                83,101              11.1     %
chicago                       133,771             118,560          12.8    %        51,764             50,338            2.8    %         5,797              5,473            5.9    %          76,210                62,749              21.5     %
dallas-ft. worth              102,074              90,153          13.2    %        24,196             25,744          (6.0)    %         4,645              4,365            6.4    %          73,233                60,044              22.0     %
atlanta                        96,721              85,125          13.6    %        19,041             19,633          (3.0)    %         4,879              4,366           11.7    %          72,801                61,126              19.1     %
houston                        90,192              81,144          11.2    %        27,281             27,830          (2.0)    %         4,397              4,141            6.2    %          58,514                49,173              19.0     %
orlando-daytona                64,982              58,793          10.5    %        13,543             14,604          (7.3)    %         3,284              2,910           12.9    %          48,155                41,279              16.7     %
philadelphia                   66,000              59,666          10.6    %        15,105             15,461          (2.3)    %         2,730              2,633            3.7    %          48,165                41,572              15.9     %
west palm beach                55,558              47,364          17.3    %        11,710             11,708              -    %         2,010              1,904            5.6    %          41,838                33,752              24.0     %
tampa                          52,443              45,205          16.0    %        11,767             12,410          (5.2)    %         2,404              2,155           11.6    %          38,272                30,640              24.9     %
charlotte                      47,411              41,106          15.3    %         9,113              9,627          (5.3)    %         2,208              2,027            8.9    %          36,090                29,452              22.5     %
all other markets             870,799             779,568          11.7    %       194,682            204,223          (4.7)    %        41,835             39,238            6.6    %         634,282               536,107              18.3     %
totals                     $2,765,263          $2,499,486          10.6    %      $588,966           $609,750          (3.4)    %      $109,663           $102,640            6.8    %      $2,066,634            $1,787,096              15.6     %
acquired facilities the acquired facilities represent 368 facilities that we acquired in 2020, 2021, and 2022. as a result of the stabilization process and timing of when these facilities were acquired, year-over-year changes can be significant. the following table summarizes operating data with respect to the acquired facilities:
acquired facilities   year ended december 31,                                                                                                           year ended december 31,
2022                          2021                    change (a)                          2021                       2020                    change (a)
($ amounts in thousands, except for per square foot amounts)
revenues (b):
2020 acquisitions                                                           $75,647                       $54,890                       $20,757                       $54,890                    $11,365                       $43,525
2021 acquisitions                                                           312,300                       106,474                       205,826                       106,474                          -                       106,474
2022 acquisitions                                                            14,945                             -                        14,945                             -                          -                             -
total revenues                                                           402,892                       161,364                       241,528                       161,364                     11,365                       149,999
cost of operations (b):
2020 acquisitions                                                            26,168                        25,216                           952                        25,216                      6,742                        18,474
2021 acquisitions                                                           101,859                        32,705                        69,154                        32,705                          -                        32,705
2022 acquisitions                                                             7,884                             -                         7,884                             -                          -                             -
total cost of operations                                                           135,911                        57,921                        77,990                        57,921                      6,742                        51,179
net operating income:
2020 acquisitions                                                            49,479                        29,674                        19,805                        29,674                      4,623                        25,051
2021 acquisitions                                                           210,441                        73,769                       136,672                        73,769                          -                        73,769
2022 acquisitions                                                             7,061                             -                         7,061                             -                          -                             -
net operating income                                                           266,981                       103,443                       163,538                       103,443                      4,623                        98,820
depreciation and amortization expense                                                         (309,312)                     (167,119)                     (142,193)                     (167,119)                   (11,904)                     (155,215)
net loss                                                         $(42,331)                     $(63,676)                       $21,345                     $(63,676)                   $(7,281)                     $(56,395)
at december 31:
square foot occupancy:
2020 acquisitions                                                             88.4%                         88.2%                          0.2%                         88.2%                      63.5%                         38.9%
2021 acquisitions                                                             83.1%                         79.9%                          4.0%                         79.9%                          -                             -
2022 acquisitions                                                             79.4%                             -                             -                             -                          -                             -
83.4%                         81.4%                          2.5%                         81.4%                      63.5%                         28.2%
annual contract rent per occupied square foot:
2020 acquisitions                                                            $17.39                        $14.82                         17.3%                        $14.82                     $12.50                         18.6%
2021 acquisitions                                                             17.81                         15.62                         14.0%                         15.62                          -                             -
2022 acquisitions                                                             11.48                             -                             -                             -                          -                             -
$16.84                        $15.46                          8.9%                        $15.46                     $12.50                         23.7%
number of facilities:
2020 acquisitions                                                                62                            62                             -                            62                         62                             -
2021 acquisitions                                                               232                           232                             -                           232                          -                           232
2022 acquisitions                                                                74                             -                            74                             -                          -                             -
368                           294                            74                           294                         62                           232
net rentable square feet (in thousands) (c):
2020 acquisitions                                                             5,075                         5,075                             -                         5,075                      5,075                             -
2021 acquisitions                                                            21,908                        21,830                            78                        21,830                          -                        21,830
2022 acquisitions                                                             4,726                             -                         4,726                             -                          -                             -
31,709                        26,905                         4,804                        26,905                      5,075                        21,830
acquired facilities (continued)
as of december 31, 2022
costs to acquire (in thousands):
2020 acquisitions                      $796,065
2021 acquisitions                     5,115,276
2022 acquisitions                       730,480
$6,641,821
(a)represents the percentage change with respect to square foot occupancy and annual contract rent per occupied square foot, and the absolute nominal change with respect to all other items.
(b)revenues and cost of operations do not include tenant reinsurance and merchandise sale revenues and expenses generated at the facilities. see "ancillary operations" below for more information.
(c)the acquired facilities have an aggregate of approximately 31.7 million net rentable square feet, including 11.2 million in texas, 3.9 million in maryland, 1.8 million in florida, 1.2 million in oklahoma, 1.1 million in virginia, 0.9 million in north carolina, 0.8 million in each of arizona, colorado and ohio, 0.6 million in each of california, georgia, illinois, minnesota, and south carolina, 0.5 million in each of idaho, indiana, michigan, missouri, nebraska, oregon, and pennsylvania, 0.4 million in each of alabama, nevada, and tennessee, 0.3 million in washington, and 1.2 million in other states.
we have been active in acquiring facilities in recent years. since the beginning of 2020, we acquired a total of 368 facilities with 31.7 million net rentable square feet for $6.6 billion. during 2022, these facilities contributed net operating income of $267.0 million.
during 2022, we acquired the neighborhood storage portfolio in the ocala, florida market, consisting of 28 properties with 1.2 million net rentable square feet, which includes 26 properties closed in december 2022 for $179.8 million and two properties that are under construction and expected to close in early 2023.
during 2021, we acquired the ezstorage portfolio, consisting of 48 properties (4.1 million net rentable square feet) for acquisition cost of $1.8 billion. included in the acquisition results in the table above are ezstorage portfolio revenues of $100.8 million, noi of $79.9 million (including direct noi of $82.7 million), and average square footage occupancy of 89.6% for 2022.
during 2021, we acquired the all storage portfolio, consisting of 56 properties (7.5 million net rentable square feet) for $1.5 billion. included in the acquisition results in the table above are all storage portfolio revenues of $79.2 million, noi of $48.4 million (including direct noi of $51.2 million), and average square footage occupancy of 79.4% for 2022.
we remain active in seeking to acquire additional self-storage facilities. subsequent to december 31, 2022, we acquired or were under contract to acquire eight self-storage facilities across five states with 0.5 million net rentable square feet, for $70.5 million. future acquisition volume is likely to be impacted by increasing cost of capital requirements and overall macro-economic uncertainties.
developed and expanded facilities the developed and expanded facilities include 62 facilities that were developed on new sites since january 1, 2017, and 91 facilities expanded to increase their net rentable square footage. of these expansions, 51 were completed before 2021, 27 were completed in 2021 or 2022, and 13 are currently in process at december 31, 2022. the following table summarizes operating data with respect to the developed and expanded facilities:
developed and expanded facilities year ended december 31,                                                                                                    year ended december 31,
2022                         2021                    change (a)   2021                                             2020                    change (a)
($ amounts in thousands, except for per square foot amounts)
revenues (b):
developed in 2017                                                                                                         $35,216                      $27,593                        $7,623                    $27,593                      $21,541                        $6,052
developed in 2018                                                                                                          36,789                       28,308                         8,481                     28,308                       20,163                         8,145
developed in 2019                                                                                                          16,444                       11,921                         4,523                     11,921                        6,455                         5,466
developed in 2020                                                                                                           6,838                        3,405                         3,433                      3,405                          301                         3,104
developed in 2021                                                                                                           8,333                        1,602                         6,731                      1,602                            -                         1,602
developed in 2022                                                                                                             687                            -                           687                          -                            -                             -
expansions completed before 2021                                                                                           95,029                       70,091                        24,938                     70,091                       47,886                        22,205
expansions completed in 2021 or 2022                                                                                       51,374                       33,746                        17,628                     33,746                       29,333                         4,413
expansions in process                                                                                                      18,535                       20,392                       (1,857)                     20,392                       19,681                           711
total revenues                                                                                                            269,245                      197,058                        72,187                    197,058                      145,360                        51,698
cost of operations (b):
developed in 2017                                                                                                          10,416                        9,932                           484                      9,932                        9,625                           307
developed in 2018                                                                                                          10,742                        9,983                           759                      9,983                       10,364                         (381)
developed in 2019                                                                                                           5,622                        5,240                           382                      5,240                        4,685                           555
developed in 2020                                                                                                           1,702                        1,679                            23                      1,679                          383                         1,296
developed in 2021                                                                                                           3,539                        1,546                         1,993                      1,546                            -                         1,546
developed in 2022                                                                                                             738                            -                           738                          -                            -                             -
expansions completed before 2021                                                                                           30,357                       28,554                         1,803                     28,554                       25,083                         3,471
expansions completed in 2021 or 2022                                                                                       12,554                        8,949                         3,605                      8,949                        8,187                           762
expansions in process                                                                                                       3,796                        4,146                         (350)                      4,146                        4,544                         (398)
total cost of operations                                                                                                   79,466                       70,029                         9,437                     70,029                       62,871                         7,158
net operating income (loss):
developed in 2017                                                                                                          24,800                       17,661                         7,139                     17,661                       11,916                         5,745
developed in 2018                                                                                                          26,047                       18,325                         7,722                     18,325                        9,799                         8,526
developed in 2019                                                                                                          10,822                        6,681                         4,141                      6,681                        1,770                         4,911
developed in 2020                                                                                                           5,136                        1,726                         3,410                      1,726                         (82)                         1,808
developed in 2021                                                                                                           4,794                           56                         4,738   56                                                  -                            56
developed in 2022                                                                                                            (51)                            -                          (51)                          -                            -                             -
expansions completed before 2021                                                                                           64,672                       41,537                        23,135                     41,537                       22,803                        18,734
expansions completed in 2021 or 2022                                                                                       38,820                       24,797                        14,023                     24,797                       21,146                         3,651
expansions in process                                                                                                      14,739                       16,246                       (1,507)                     16,246                       15,137                         1,109
net operating income                                                                                                      189,779                      127,029                        62,750                    127,029                       82,489                        44,540
depreciation and amortization expense                                                                                    (63,362)                     (56,411)                       (6,951)                   (56,411)                     (48,573)                       (7,838)
net income                                                                                                               $126,417                 $70,618                      $55,799                          $70,618                 $33,916                      $36,702
40
developed and expanded facilities (continued)
as of december 31,                                                                  as of december 31,
2022                       2021                    change (a)                       2021                       2020                    change (a)
($ amounts in thousands, except for per square foot amounts)
square foot occupancy:
developed in 2017                                                     89.3%                      91.4%                        (2.3)%                      91.4%                      88.7%                          3.0%
developed in 2018                                                     87.5%                      88.6%                        (1.2)%                      88.6%                      86.5%                          2.4%
developed in 2019                                                     87.3%                      87.3%                             -                      87.3%                      84.6%                          3.2%
developed in 2020                                                     94.3%                      88.9%                          6.1%                      88.9%                      34.0%                        161.5%
developed in 2021                                                     82.4%                      48.8%                         68.9%                      48.8%                          -                             -
developed in 2022                                                     41.6%                          -                             -                          -                          -                             -
expansions completed before 2021                                      86.7%                      86.6%                          0.1%                      86.6%                      75.0%                         15.5%
expansions completed in 2021 or 2022                                  80.0%                      81.4%                        (1.7)%                      81.4%                      90.8%                       (10.4)%
expansions in process                                                 81.8%                      89.2%                        (8.3)%                      89.2%                      94.4%                        (5.5)%
84.1%                      85.3%                        (1.4)%                      85.3%                      81.2%                          5.0%
annual contract rent per occupied square foot:
developed in 2017                                                    $19.77                     $16.03                         23.3%                      16.03                      12.64                         26.8%
developed in 2018                                                     20.84                      17.08                         22.0%                      17.08                      12.73                         34.2%
developed in 2019                                                     18.19                      14.58                         24.8%                      14.58                       9.69                         50.5%
developed in 2020                                                     21.75                      17.67                         23.1%                      17.67                      10.08                         75.3%
developed in 2021                                                     18.04                      15.41                         17.1%                      15.41                          -                             -
developed in 2022                                                     13.84                     -                                  -                          -                          -                             -
expansions completed before 2021                                      16.17                      13.64                         18.5%                      13.64                      10.41                         31.0%
expansions completed in 2021 or 2022                                  21.52                      19.14                         12.4%                      19.14                      18.19                          5.2%
expansions in process                                                 26.49                      24.03                         10.2%                      24.03                      21.87                          9.9%
$18.98                     $16.08                         18.0%                      16.08                      12.79                         25.7%
number of facilities:
developed in 2017                                                        16                         16                             -                         16                         16                             -
developed in 2018                                                        18                         18                             -                         18                         18                             -
developed in 2019                                                        11                         11                             -                         11                         11                             -
developed in 2020                                                         3                          3                             -                          3                          3                             -
developed in 2021                                                         6                          6                             -                          6                          -                             6
developed in 2022                                                         8                          -                             8                          -                          -                             -
expansions completed before 2021                                         51                         51                             -                         51                         51                             -
expansions completed in 2021 or 2022                                     27                         27                             -                         27                         25                             2
expansions in process                                                    13                         13                             -                         13                         13                             -
153                        145                             8                        145                        137                             8
net rentable square feet (in thousands) (c):
developed in 2017                                                     2,040                      2,040                             -                      2,040                      2,040                             -
developed in 2018                                                     2,069                      2,069                             -                      2,069                      2,069                             -
developed in 2019                                                     1,057                      1,057                             -                      1,057                      1,057                             -
developed in 2020                                                       347                        347                             -                        347                        347                             -
developed in 2021                                                       681                        681                             -                        681                          -                           681
developed in 2022                                                       631                          -                           631                          -                          -                             -
expansions completed before 2021                                      6,879                      6,879                             -                      6,879                      6,873                             6
expansions completed in 2021 or 2022                                  3,247                      2,636                           611                      2,636                      1,741                           895
expansions in process                                                   749                        897                         (148)                        897                        961                          (64)
17,700                     16,606                         1,094                     16,606                     15,088                         1,518
as of december 31, 2022
costs to develop (in thousands):
developed in 2017                                                  $239,871
developed in 2018                                                   262,187
developed in 2019                                                   150,387
developed in 2020                                                    42,063
developed in 2021                                                   115,632
developed in 2022                                                   100,089
expansions completed before 2021 (d)                                478,659
expansions completed in 2021 or 2022 (d)                            231,270
$1,620,158
(a)represents the percentage change with respect to square foot occupancy and annual contract rent per occupied square foot, and the absolute nominal change with respect to all other items.
(b)revenues and cost of operations do not include tenant reinsurance and merchandise sales generated at the facilities. see "ancillary operations" below for more information.
(c)the facilities included above have an aggregate of approximately 17.7 million net rentable square feet at december 31, 2022, including 5.0 million in texas, 3.2 million in florida, 2.2 million in california, 1.5 million in colorado, 1.4 million in minnesota, 0.9 million in north carolina, 0.7 million in michigan, 0.4 million in each of missouri, new jersey, south carolina, and washington, 0.3 million in virginia, and 0.9 million in other states.
(d)these amounts only include the direct cost incurred to expand and renovate these facilities, and do not include (i) the original cost to develop or acquire the facility or (ii) the lost revenue on space demolished during the construction and fill-up period.
it typically takes at least three to four years for a newly developed or expanded self-storage facility to stabilize with respect to revenues. physical occupancy can be achieved as early as two to three years following completion of the development or expansion through offering lower rental rates during fill-up. as a result, even after achieving high occupancy, there can still be a period of elevated revenue growth as the tenant base matures and higher rental rates are achieved.
we believe that our development and redevelopment activities generate favorable risk-adjusted returns over the long run. however, in the short run, our earnings are diluted during the construction and stabilization period due to the cost of capital to fund the development cost, as well as the related construction and development overhead expenses included in general and administrative expense.
we typically underwrite new developments to stabilize at approximately an 8.0% noi yield on cost. our developed facilities have thus far leased up as expected and are at various stages of their revenue stabilization periods. the actual annualized yields that we may achieve on these facilities upon stabilization will depend on many factors, including local and current market conditions in the vicinity of each property and the level of new and existing supply.
the facilities under "expansions completed" represent those facilities where the expansions have been completed at december 31, 2022. we incurred a total of $709.9 million in direct cost to expand these facilities, demolished a total of 1.2 million net rentable square feet of storage space, and built a total of 6.3 million net rentable square feet of new storage space.
at december 31, 2022, we had 22 additional facilities in development, which will have a total of 2.1 million net rentable square feet of storage space and have an aggregate development cost totaling approximately $492.3 million. we expect these facilities to open over the next 18 to 24 months.
the facilities under "expansion in process" represent those facilities where construction is in process at december 31, 2022, and together with additional future expansion activities primarily related to our same store facilities at december 31, 2022, we expect to add a total of 2.5 million net rentable square feet of storage space by expanding existing self-storage facilities for an aggregate direct development cost of $487.3 million.
other non-same store facilities the "other non-same store facilities" represent facilities which, while not newly acquired, developed, or expanded, are not fully stabilized since january 1, 2020, including facilities undergoing fill-up as well as facilities damaged in casualty events such as hurricanes, floods, and fires.
the other non-same store facilities have an aggregate of 5.7 million net rentable square feet, including 1.1 million in texas, 0.6 million in each of florida and washington, 0.4 million in each of california and virginia, 0.3 million in each of indiana and south carolina, 0.2 million in each of arizona, georgia, kentucky, massachusetts, and tennessee, and 1.0 million in other states.
during 2022, 2021, and 2020, the average occupancy for these facilities totaled 91.4%, 92.7%, and 85.5%, respectively, and the realized rent per occupied square foot totaled $18.42, $14.61, and $12.69, respectively.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense for self-storage operations increased $174.7 million in 2022 as compared to 2021 and increased $160.2 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to newly acquired facilities of $5.1 billion in 2021. we expect continued increases in depreciation expense in 2023 as a result of elevated levels of capital expenditures and new facilities that are acquired, developed or expanded in 2023.
the following discussion and analysis of the components of net income, including ancillary operations and items not allocated to segments, present a comparison for the year ended december 31, 2022 to the year ended december 31, 2021. the results of these components for the years ended december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020 was included in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021 on page 23, under part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," which was filed with the sec on february 22, 2022.
ancillary operations ancillary revenues and expenses include amounts associated with the reinsurance of policies against losses to goods stored by tenants in our self-storage facilities, sale of merchandise at our self-storage facilities, and management of property owned by unrelated third parties. the following table sets forth our ancillary operations:
year ended december 31,
2022                       2021                     change
(amounts in thousands)
revenues:
tenant reinsurance premiums                         $188,201                   $166,585                    $21,616
merchandise                                           28,303                     28,466                      (163)
third party property management                       19,631                     17,207                      2,424
total revenues                                       236,135                    212,258                     23,877
cost of operations:
tenant reinsurance                                    36,830                     33,932                      2,898
merchandise                                           17,113                     17,274                      (161)
third party property management                       18,755                     17,362                      1,393
total cost of operations                              72,698                     68,568                      4,130
net operating income (loss):
tenant reinsurance                                   151,371                    132,653                     18,718
merchandise                                           11,190                     11,192                        (2)
third party property management                          876                      (155)                      1,031
total net operating income                          $163,437                   $143,690                    $19,747
tenant reinsurance operations: tenant reinsurance premium revenue increased $21.6 million or 13.0% in 2022 over 2021, as a result of an increase in our tenant base with respect to acquired, newly developed, and expanded facilities and the third party properties we manage. tenant reinsurance premium revenue generated from tenants at our same-store facilities were $139.0 million and $133.9 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing a 3.8% year over year increase in 2022.
we expect future growth will come primarily from customers of newly acquired and developed facilities, as well as additional tenants at our existing unstabilized self-storage facilities.
cost of operations primarily includes claims paid as well as claims adjustment expenses. claims expenses vary based upon the number of insured tenants and the volume of events that drive covered customer losses, such as burglary, as well as catastrophic weather events affecting multiple properties such as hurricanes and floods. included in cost of operations are $2.7 million of estimated claims costs related to hurricane ian for 2022, as compared to $2.0 million of estimated claims costs related to hurricane ida for 2021.
merchandise sales: sales of locks, boxes, and packing supplies at our self-storage facilities are primarily impacted by the level of move-ins and other customer traffic at our self-storage facilities. we do not expect any significant changes in revenues or profitability from our merchandise sales in 2023.
third-party property management: at december 31, 2022, in our third-party property management program, we managed 114 facilities for unrelated third parties, and were under contract to manage 78 additional facilities including 73
facilities that are currently under construction. during 2022, we added 60 facilities to the program, acquired three facilities from the program, and had 17 properties exit the program due to sales to other buyers. while we expect this business to increase in scope and size, we do not expect any significant changes in overall profitability of this business in the near term as we seek new properties to manage and are in the earlier stages of fill-up for newly managed properties.
analysis of items not allocated to segments equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities we account for the equity investments in psb and shurgard using the equity method and record our pro-rata share of the net income of these entities. the following table, and the discussion below, sets forth our equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities:
year ended december 31,
2022                                        2021               change
(amounts in thousands)
equity in earnings:
psb                                            $80,596                   $207,722               $(127,126)
shurgard                                        26,385                     24,371               2,014
total equity in earnings                      $106,981                   $232,093               $(125,112)
investment in psb: on april 24, 2022, psb entered into an agreement and plan of merger whereby affiliates of blackstone agreed to acquire all outstanding shares of psb's common stock for $187.50 per share in cash. on july 20, 2022, psb announced that it completed the merger transaction with blackstone. each share of psb common stock and each common unit of partnership interest we held in psb were converted into the right to receive the merger consideration of $187.50 per share or unit, including a $5.25 closing cash dividend per share or unit, and a $0.22 prorated quarterly cash dividend per share or unit, for a total of $187.72 per share or unit. at the close of the merger transaction, we received a total of $2.7 billion of cash proceeds and recognized a gain of $2.1 billion, which was classified within gain on sale of our equity investment in ps business parks, inc. in the consolidated statement of income. accordingly, equity in earnings from psb for the year ended december 31, 2022 reflect activities through the merger date, july 20, 2022.
included in our equity earnings from psb is our equity share of gains on sale of real estate totaling $49.1 million and $149.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. our equity share of earnings from psb contributed $57.7 million and $99.3 million to core ffo in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
as a result of closing the sale of psb, we will no longer recognize equity in earnings from psb in the future.
investment in shurgard: included in our equity earnings from shurgard for the year ended december 31, 2022 is our equity share of gains on sale of real estate totaling $3.5 million.
for purposes of recording our equity in earnings from shurgard, the euro was translated at exchange rates of approximately 1.070 u.s. dollars per euro at december 31, 2022 (1.134 at december 31, 2021), and average exchange rates of 1.054 for 2022 and 1.183 for 2021. accordingly, our equity in earnings from shurgard was negatively impacted by the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the euro by approximately 10.9% during the year ended december 31, 2022.
general and administrative expense: the following table sets forth our general and administrative expense:
year ended december 31,
2022                       2021                                              change
(amounts in thousands)
share-based compensation expense                                               $37,865                       $37,760                        $105
development and acquisition costs                                               17,540                         8,892                       8,648
federal and state tax expense and related compliance costs                      16,086                        11,530                       4,556
legal costs                                                                      4,014                         6,194                     (2,180)
corporate management costs                                                      21,808                        18,594                       3,214
other costs                                                                     17,429                        18,284                       (855)
total                                                                         $114,742                      $101,254                     $13,488
development and acquisition costs primarily represent internal and external expenses related to our development and acquisition of real estate facilities and varies primarily based upon the level of activities. the amounts in the above table are net of $17.4 million and $14.6 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in development costs that were capitalized to newly developed and redeveloped self-storage facilities. during 2022, we wrote off $7.0 million of accumulated development costs for cancelled development and redevelopment projects driven by significant increases in construction costs from when the projects were initiated.
interest and other income: the following table sets forth our interest and other income:
year ended december 31,
2022                     2021                                            change
(amounts in thousands)
interest earned on cash balances                                 $20,824                        $101                     $20,723
commercial operations                                              9,846                       8,127                       1,719
unrealized gain on private equity investments                      4,685                           -                       4,685
other                                                              5,212                       4,078                       1,134
total                                                            $40,567                     $12,306                     $28,261
interest expense: for 2022 and 2021, we incurred $142.4 million and $94.3 million, respectively, of interest on our outstanding notes payable. in determining interest expense, these amounts were offset by capitalized interest of $6.0 million and $3.5 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively, associated with our development activities. the increase of interest expense in 2022 as compared to 2021 is due to our issuances of debt to fund our 2021 acquisition activity. at december 31, 2022, we had $6.9 billion of notes payable outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of approximately 2.0%.
foreign currency exchange gain: for 2022, we recorded foreign currency gains of $98.3 million, representing primarily the changes in the u.s. dollar equivalent of our euro-denominated unsecured notes due to fluctuations in exchange rates (gains of $111.8 million for 2021). the euro was translated at exchange rates of approximately 1.070 u.s. dollars per euro at december 31, 2022 and 1.134 at december 31, 2021. future gains and losses on foreign currency will be dependent upon changes in the relative value of the euro to the u.s. dollar and the level of euro-denominated notes payable outstanding.
gain on sale of real estate: in 2022 and 2021, we recorded gains on sale of real estate totaling $1.5 million and $13.7 million, respectively, in connection with the partial sale of real estate facilities pursuant to eminent domain proceedings.
liquidity and capital resources overview and our sources of capital while operating as a reit allows us to minimize the payment of u.s. federal corporate income tax expense, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our taxable income to our shareholders. notwithstanding this requirement, our annual operating retained cash flow increased from $200 million to $300 million per year in recent years to approximately $700 million in 2021 and $1 billion in 2022. retained operating cash flow represents our expected cash flow provided by operating activities (including property operating costs and interest payments described below), less shareholder distributions and capital expenditures. we expect retained cash flow of approximately $500 million for 2023.
the reit distribution requirement limits cash flow from operations that can be retained and reinvested in the business, increasing our reliance upon raising capital to fund growth. capital needs in excess of retained cash flow are met with: (i) medium and long-term debt, (ii) preferred equity, and (iii) common equity. we select among these sources of capital based upon relative cost, availability, the desire for leverage, and considering potential constraints caused by certain features of capital sources, such as debt covenants. we view our line of credit, as well as any short-term bank loans, as bridge financing.
because raising capital is important to our growth, we endeavor to maintain a strong financial profile characterized by strong credit metrics, including low leverage relative to our total capitalization and operating cash flows. we are one of the highest rated reits, as rated by major rating agencies moody's and standard & poor's. our senior notes payable have an "a" credit rating by standard & poor's and "a2" by moody's. our credit ratings on each of our series of preferred shares are "a3" by moody's and "bbb+" by standard & poor's. our credit profile enables us to effectively access both the public and private capital markets to raise capital.
we have a $500.0 million revolving line of credit that we are able to use as temporary "bridge" financing until we are able to raise longer term capital. as of december 31, 2022 and february 21, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding on the revolving line of credit; however, we do have approximately $18.6 million of outstanding letters of credit, which limits our borrowing capacity to $481.4 million as of february 21, 2023. our line of credit matures on april 19, 2024.
we believe that we have significant financial flexibility to adapt to changing conditions and opportunities, and we have significant access to sources of capital including debt and preferred equity. while the costs of financing have increased recently, based on our strong credit profile and our substantial current liquidity relative to our capital requirements noted below, we would not expect any potential capital market dislocations to have a material impact upon our expected capital and growth plans over the next 12 months. however, if capital market conditions were to change significantly in the long run, our access to or cost of debt and preferred equity capital could be negatively impacted and potentially affect future investment activities.
our current and expected capital resources include: (i) $775.3 million of cash as of december 31, 2022 and (ii) approximately $500.0 million of expected retained operating cash flow over the next twelve months. we believe that our cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing cash requirements for interest payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future.
as described below, our current committed cash requirements consist of (i) $70.5 million in property acquisitions currently under contract and (ii) $606.6 million of remaining spending on our current development pipeline, which will be incurred primarily in the next 18 to 24 months. our cash requirements may increase over the next year as we add projects to our development pipeline and acquire additional properties. additional potential cash requirements could result from various activities including the redemption of outstanding preferred securities, repurchases of common stock, or merger and acquisition activities, as and to the extent we determine to engage in such activities.
over the long term, to the extent that our cash requirements exceed our capital resources, we believe we have a variety of possibilities to raise additional capital including issuing common or preferred securities, issuing debt, or entering into joint venture arrangements to acquire or develop facilities.
cash requirements the following summarizes our expected material cash requirements, which comprise (i) contractually obligated expenditures, including payments of principal and interest, (ii) other essential expenditures, including property operating expenses, maintenance capital expenditures and dividends paid in accordance with reit distribution requirements, and (iii) opportunistic expenditures, including acquisitions and developments and repurchases of our securities. we expect to satisfy these cash requirements through operating cash flow and opportunistic debt and equity financings.
required debt repayments: as of december 31, 2022, the principal outstanding on our debt totaled approximately $6.9 billion, consisting of $10.1 million of secured notes payable, $1.7 billion of euro-denominated unsecured notes payable and $5.3 billion of u.s. dollar denominated unsecured notes payable. approximate principal maturities and interest payments are as follows (amounts in thousands):
2023          $151,532
2024           933,385
2025           367,561
2026         1,251,404
2027           587,643
thereafter         4,349,115
$7,640,640
capital expenditure requirements: capital expenditures include general maintenance, major repairs, or replacements to elements of our facilities to keep our facilities in good operating condition and maintain their visual appeal. capital expenditures do not include costs relating to the development of new facilities or redevelopment of existing facilities to increase their available rentable square footage.
capital expenditures totaled $452.3 million in 2022 and are expected to approximate $450 million in 2023. in addition to standard capital repairs of building elements reaching the end of their useful lives, our capital expenditures in recent years have included incremental expenditures to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors pursuant to a multi-year program. such investments include development of more pronounced, attractive, and clearly identifiable color schemes and signage and upgrades to the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. we spent approximately $189 million in 2022 and expect to spend $160 million in 2023 on this effort. in addition, we have made investments in led lighting and the installation of solar panels, which approximated $56 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 and we expect to spend $132 million in 2023.
we believe that these incremental investments improve customer satisfaction, the attractiveness and competitiveness of our facilities to new and existing customers and, in the case of led lighting and solar panels, reduce operating costs.
requirement to pay distributions: for all periods presented herein, we have elected to be treated as a reit, as defined in the code. for each taxable year in which we qualify for taxation as a reit, we will not be subject to u.s. federal corporate income tax on our "reit taxable income" (generally, taxable income subject to specified adjustments, including a deduction for dividends paid and excluding our net capital gain) that is distributed to our shareholders. we believe we have met these requirements in all periods presented herein, and we expect to continue to qualify as a reit.
on february 4, 2023, our board declared a regular common quarterly dividend of $3.00 per common share totaling approximately $526 million, which will be paid at the end of march 2023. our consistent, long-term dividend policy has been to distribute our taxable income. future quarterly distributions with respect to the common shares will continue to be determined based upon our reit distribution requirements after taking into consideration distributions to the preferred shareholders and will be funded with cash flows from operating activities. our future aggregate annual common dividend distributions may increase as a result of the issuance of additional common shares, including any shares that would be issued if we were to consummate our recently proposed acquisition of life storage.
the annual distribution requirement with respect to our preferred shares outstanding at december 31, 2022 is approximately $194.7 million per year.
real estate investment activities: we continue to seek to acquire additional self-storage facilities from third parties. subsequent to december 31, 2022, we acquired or were under contract to acquire eight self-storage facilities for a total purchase price of $70.5 million.
we are actively seeking to acquire additional facilities. however, future acquisition volume will depend upon whether additional owners will be motivated to market their facilities, which will in turn depend upon factors such as economic conditions and the level of seller confidence.
as of december 31, 2022, we had development and expansion projects at a total cost of approximately $979.6 million. costs incurred through december 31, 2022 were $373.0 million, with the remaining cost to complete of $606.6 million expected to be incurred primarily in the next 18 to 24 months. some of these projects are subject to contingencies such as entitlement approval. we expect to continue to seek to add projects to maintain and increase our robust pipeline. our ability to do so continues to be challenged by various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage facilities in certain municipalities.
property operating expenses: the direct and indirect cost of our operations impose significant cash requirements. direct operating costs include property taxes, on-site property manager payroll, repairs and maintenance, utilities, and marketing. indirect operating costs include supervisory payroll and centralized management costs. the cash requirements from these operating costs will vary year to year based on, among other things, changes in the size of our portfolio and changes in property tax rates and assessed values, wage rates, and marketing costs in our markets.
redemption of preferred securities: historically, we have taken advantage of refinancing higher coupon preferred securities with lower coupon preferred securities. in the future, we may also elect to finance the redemption of preferred securities with proceeds from the issuance of debt. as of february 21, 2023, we have two series of preferred securities that are eligible for redemption, at our option and with 30 days' notice: our 5.150% series f preferred shares ($280.0 million) and our 5.050% series g preferred shares ($300.0 million). see note 9 to our december 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements for the redemption dates of all of our series of preferred shares. redemption of such preferred shares will depend upon many factors, including the rate at which we could issue replacement preferred securities. none of our preferred securities are redeemable at the option of the holders.
repurchases of common shares: our board has authorized management to repurchase up to 35,000,000 of our common shares on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. during 2022, we did not repurchase any of our common shares. from the inception of the repurchase program through february 21, 2023, we have repurchased a total of 23,721,916 common shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $679.1 million. future levels of common share repurchases will be dependent upon our available capital, investment alternatives and the trading price of our common shares.
