item 1a. risk factors the following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k and presented elsewhere by our management from time to time. these factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, funds from operations, or ffo, and prospects, which we refer to herein as a material adverse effect on us or as materially and adversely affecting us, and you should carefully consider them. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or which are currently not believed to be material may also affect our actual results. we may update these factors in our future periodic reports.
summary of risk factors the following summarizes our material risk factors. however, this summary is not intended to be a comprehensive and complete list of all risk factors identified by the company. refer to the following pages of this section for additional details regarding these summarized risk factors and other additional risk factors identified by the company.
●   conditions that adversely affect the general retail environment could materially and adversely affect us.

●   some of our properties depend on anchor stores or other large nationally recognized tenants to attract shoppers and we could be materially and adversely affected by the loss of one or more of these anchors or tenants.

●   we face potential adverse effects from tenant bankruptcies.

●   vacant space at our properties could materially and adversely affect us.

●   we may not be able to lease newly developed properties to or renew leases and relet space at existing properties with an appropriate mix of tenants or at desired rents, if at all.

●   acts of violence, civil unrest or criminal activity and actual or threatened terrorist attacks could adversely affect our business operations.

●   we face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably, including e-commerce, and the evolution of consumer preferences and purchasing habits.

●   the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and governmental reactions thereto, as well as other future epidemics, pandemics or public health crises, could have a significant negative impact on our and our tenants' business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and liquidity and our ability to access the capital markets, satisfy our debt service obligations and make distributions to our shareholders.

●   some of our properties are subject to potential natural or other disasters.

●   some of our potential losses may not be covered by insurance.

●   we face risks associated with climate change.

●   as owners of real estate, we can face liabilities for environmental contamination, and our efforts to identify environmental liabilities may not be successful.

●   we face risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment and expansion of properties.

●   real estate investments are relatively illiquid.

●   simon and certain subsidiaries of the operating partnership have elected to be taxed as reits in the united states. the failure to maintain simon's or the subsidiary reits' qualifications as reits or changes in applicable tax laws or regulations could result in adverse tax consequences.

●   if the operating partnership fails to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, we would cease to qualify as a reit and suffer other adverse consequences.

11
●   complying with reit requirements might cause us to forgo otherwise attractive acquisition opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments.

●   our ownership of trss is subject to certain restrictions, and we will be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on certain income or deductions if our transactions with our trss are not conducted on arm's-length terms.

●   dividends payable by reits generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends, which may negatively affect the value of our shares.

●   the tax imposed on reits engaging in "prohibited transactions" may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for u.s. federal income tax purposes.

●   reit distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan.

●   partnership tax audit rules could have a material adverse effect on us.

●   legislative, administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting reits, including positions taken by the irs, could have a material adverse effect on us and our investors.

●   provisions in simon's charter and by-laws and in the operating partnership's partnership agreement could prevent a change of control.

●   we have a substantial debt burden that could affect our future operations.

●   the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us that might affect our ability to operate freely.

●   disruption in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our ability to access external financings for our growth and ongoing debt service requirements.

●   adverse changes in our credit ratings could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms.

●   an increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on variable rate debt and could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt on attractive terms, or at all; our hedging interest rate protection arrangements may not effectively limit our interest rate risk.

●   we have limited control with respect to some properties that are partially owned or managed by third parties, which may adversely affect our ability to sell or refinance them.

●   the operating partnership guarantees debt or otherwise provides support for a number of joint venture properties.

●   we face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (it) networks and related systems.

●   an increased focus on metrics and reporting related to environmental, social and governance ("esg") factors, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks.

●   our international activities may subject us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations.

●   our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract, retain and develop talented employees, and our failure to do so, including the loss of any one of our key personnel, could adversely impact our business.

risk related to tenant operations at our properties conditions that adversely affect the general retail environment could materially and adversely affect us.
our primary source of revenue is derived from retail tenants which means that we could be materially and adversely affected by conditions that materially and adversely affect the retail environment generally, including, without limitation:
●   domestic issues, such as government policies and regulations, tariffs, energy prices, market dynamics, rising interest rates, inflation and limited growth in consumer income as well as from actual or perceived changes in economic conditions, which can result from global events such as international trade disputes, a foreign debt crisis, foreign currency volatility, natural disasters, war, such as the conflict in ukraine, epidemics and pandemics, the fear of spread of contagious diseases, civil unrest and terrorism, as well as from;

●   levels of consumer spending, changes in consumer confidence, income levels, and fluctuations in seasonal spending in the united states and internationally;

12
●   supply chain disruptions and labor shortages;

●   consumers avoiding in-person shopping due to a heightened level of concern for safety in public places due to heightened sensitivity to risks associated with transmission of disease, as occurred during the covid-19 pandemic, or consumer perception of increased risk of criminal activity and civil unrest, including acts of terrorism, riots, random acts of violence, mass shootings or inappropriate or unacceptable behavior of other patrons;

●   significant reductions in international travel and tourism, resulting in fewer international retail consumers;

●   consumer perceptions of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of our properties;

●   the impact on our retail tenants and demand for retail space at our properties from the increasing use of the internet by retailers and consumers, which accelerated during the covid-19 pandemic;

●   the creditworthiness of our retail tenants and the availability of new creditworthy tenants and the related impact on our occupancy levels and lease income;

●   local real estate conditions, such as an oversupply of, or reduction in demand for, retail space or retail goods, decreases in rental rates and declines in real estate values;

●   the willingness of retailers to lease space in our properties at attractive rents, or at all;

●   changes in regional and local economies, which may be affected by increased rates of unemployment, increased foreclosures, higher taxes, decreased tourism, industry slowdowns, adverse weather conditions, and other factors;

●   increased operating costs and capital expenditures, whether from redevelopments, replacing tenants or otherwise;

●   changes in applicable laws and regulations, including tax, environmental, safety and zoning; and

●   epidemics, pandemics or other public health crises, like the covid-19 pandemic, and the governmental reaction thereto.

to the extent that any or a portion of these conditions occur, they are likely to impact the retail industry, our retail tenants, the emergence of new tenants, our own investments in certain retailers and brands, the demand for retail space, market rents and rent growth, the vacancy levels at our properties, the value of our properties, which could directly or indirectly materially and adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and overall asset value.
additionally, a portion of our lease income is derived from overage rents based on sales over a stated base amount that directly depend on the sales volume of our retail tenants. accordingly, declines in our tenants' sales performance could reduce the income produced by our properties. over time, declines in our tenants' sales performance can also negatively impact our ability to sign new and renewal leases at desired rents.
some of our properties depend on anchor stores or other large nationally recognized tenants to attract shoppers and we could be materially and adversely affected by the loss of one or more of these anchors or tenants.
our properties are typically anchored by department stores and other large nationally recognized tenants. certain of our anchors and other tenants have ceased their operations, downsized their brick-and-mortar presence or failed to comply with their contractual obligations to us and others, and such actions became more prevalent during the covid-19 pandemic.
sustained adverse pressure on the results of department stores and other national retailers may have a similarly sustained adverse impact upon our own results. certain department stores and other national retailers have experienced, and may continue to experience for the foreseeable future (given uncertainty with respect to current and future macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence levels), considerable decreases in customer traffic in their retail stores, increased competition from alternative retail options such as those accessible via the internet and other forms of pressure on their business models. as pressure on these department stores and other national retailers increases, their ability to maintain their stores, meet their obligations both to us and to their external lenders and suppliers, withstand takeover attempts or avoid bankruptcy and/or liquidation may be impaired and result in closures of their stores or their
13
seeking of a lease modification with us. any lease modification could be unfavorable to us as the lessor and could decrease current or future effective rents or expense recovery charges. certain other tenants are entitled to modify the economic or other terms of, or terminate, their existing leases with us in the event of such closures. additionally, corporate merger or consolidation activity among department stores and other national retailers typically results in the closure of duplicate or geographically overlapping store locations.
if a department store or large nationally recognized tenant were to close its stores at our properties, we may experience difficulty and delay and incur significant expense in re-tenanting the space, as well as in leasing spaces in areas adjacent to the vacant store, at attractive rates, or at all. additionally, department store or tenant closures may result in decreased customer traffic, which could lead to decreased sales at our properties. if the sales of stores operating in our properties were to decline significantly due to the closing of anchor stores or other national retailers, adverse economic conditions or other reasons, tenants may be unable to pay their minimum rents or expense recovery charges. in the event of any default by a tenant, we may not be able to fully recover, and/or may experience delays and costs in enforcing our rights as landlord to recover, amounts due to us under the terms of our leases with such parties.
we face potential adverse effects from tenant bankruptcies.
bankruptcy filings by retailers can occur regularly in the course of our operations. although we have not seen an increase in tenant bankruptcies in the last two years, in previous years a number of companies in the retail industry, including certain of our tenants, declared bankruptcy, especially during the height of the covid-19 pandemic. if a tenant files for bankruptcy, the tenant may have the right to reject and terminate one or more of its leases with us, and we cannot be sure that it will affirm one or more of its leases and continue to make rental payments to us in a timely manner. a bankruptcy filing by, or relating to, one of our tenants would generally prohibit us from evicting this tenant, and bar all efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from that tenant, or from their property, unless we receive an order permitting us to do so from the bankruptcy court. in addition, we cannot evict a tenant solely because of its bankruptcy. if a lease is assumed by the tenant in bankruptcy, all pre-bankruptcy balances due under the lease must be paid to us in full. if a lease is rejected, the unsecured claim we hold against a bankrupt tenant might be paid only to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of unsecured claims, and there are restrictions under bankruptcy laws that limit the amount of the claim we can make if a lease is rejected. as a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims we hold. in addition, we may make lease modifications either pre- or post-bankruptcy for certain tenants undergoing significant financial distress in order for them to continue as a going concern. furthermore, we may be required to incur significant expense in re-tenanting the space formerly leased to the bankrupt tenant. we continually seek to re-lease vacant spaces resulting from tenant terminations. the bankruptcy of a tenant, particularly an anchor tenant or a national tenant with multiple locations, may require a substantial redevelopment of its space, the success of which cannot be assured, and may make the re-tenanting of its space difficult and costly. any such bankruptcies also make it more difficult to lease the remainder of the space at the affected property or properties. future tenant bankruptcies may strain our resources and impact our ability to successfully execute our re-leasing strategy and could materially and adversely affect us.
vacant space at our properties could materially and adversely affect us.
certain of our properties have had vacant space available for prospective tenants, and those properties may continue to experience, and other properties may commence experiencing, such oversupply in the future. among other causes, (1) there has historically been an increased number of bankruptcies of anchor stores and other national retailers, as well as store closures, and (2) there has been lower demand from retail tenants for space, due to certain retailers increasing their use of e-commerce websites to distribute their merchandise, with each of (1) and (2) accelerating as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. as a result of the increased bargaining power of creditworthy retail tenants, there is downward pressure on our rental rates and occupancy levels, and this increased bargaining power may also result in us having to increase our spend on tenant improvements and potentially make other lease modifications in order to attract or retain tenants, any of which, in the aggregate, could materially and adversely affect us.
we may not be able to lease newly developed properties to or renew leases and relet space at existing properties with an appropriate mix of tenants or at desired rents, if at all.
we may not be able to lease new properties to an appropriate mix of tenants that generates optimal customer traffic. also, when leases for our existing properties expire, the premises may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. tenant preferences
14
for properties may also change over time, like recent trends towards right-sizing portfolios, repositioning space and locations and pursuing new store concepts, and our properties may no longer align with such preferences. if we fail to identify and secure the right blend of tenants at our newly developed and existing properties, our properties may not appeal to the communities they serve. if we elect to pursue a "mixed use" redevelopment we expose ourselves to risks associated with each non-retail use (e.g. office, residential, hotel and entertainment), and the performance of our retail tenants in such properties may be negatively impacted by delays in opening and/or the performance of such non-retail uses. additionally, an oversupply of retail properties in the broader market could reduce market rents, negatively impacting the terms upon which we lease our properties. to the extent that our leasing goals are not achieved, we could be materially and adversely affected.
acts of violence, civil unrest or criminal activity and actual or threatened terrorist attacks could adversely affect our business operations.
because our properties are open to the public, they are exposed to risks related to acts of violence, civil unrest and criminal activity as well as actual or threatened terrorist attacks that may be beyond our control or ability to prevent. if any of these incidents were to occur, the relevant property could face material damage physically and reputationally, and the revenue generated by such property could be negatively impacted. consumers may also perceive a heightened threat of these risks due to increased crime in certain markets and negative media attention. concern around safety risk may impact the willingness of consumers, tenants and tenants' employees to shop and/or work at our properties, which could result in decreased consumer traffic and decreased sales at our properties, directly and indirectly impacting our revenue and overall asset value.
we face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably, including e-commerce, and the evolution of consumer preferences and purchasing habits.
our properties compete with other forms of retailing such as pure online retail websites as well as other types of retail properties such as single user freestanding discounters (costco, walmart and target). in addition, many of our tenants are omni-channel retailers who also distribute their products through online sales and provide options to consumers like buy online pick up in store, buy online ship to store or buy online return to store. our business currently is predominantly reliant on consumer demand for shopping at physical stores, and our business could be materially and adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in adapting our business to evolving consumer purchasing habits. the increased popularity of digital and mobile technologies has accelerated the transition of a percentage of market share from shopping at physical stores to web-based shopping, and the covid-19 pandemic and restrictions intended to prevent its spread significantly increased the utilization of e-commerce and may, particularly in certain market segments, accelerate the long-term penetration of pure online retail. although a brick-and-mortar presence may have a positive impact on retailers' online sales, the increased utilization of pure online shopping may lead to the closure of underperforming stores by retailers, which could impact our occupancy levels and the rates that tenants are willing to pay to lease our space. additionally, the increase in online shopping may result in certain tenants underreporting sales at our properties which may materially and adversely impact our collection of overage rent. examples may include, retailers and restaurants not reporting curbside pick-up sales or online sales fulfilled with store inventory, and tenants reducing store sales by including online returns processed in the store.
the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and governmental reactions thereto, as well as other future epidemics, pandemics or public health crises, could have a significant negative impact on our and our tenants' business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and liquidity and our ability to access the capital markets, satisfy our debt service obligations and make distributions to our shareholders.
the covid-19 pandemic has had, and resurgences or variants or other epidemics, pandemics or health crises could have, a material negative impact on economic and market conditions around the world and an adverse impact on economic activity in retail real estate. although consumer activity has been normalizing, there is no guarantee that retail will return to or remain at pre-pandemic levels. governments and other authorities could respond to a resurgence of the covid-19 pandemic, or other epidemics, pandemics and public health crises, by imposing or re-imposing measures intended to control the spread of disease, including restrictions on freedom of movement, group gatherings and business operations such as travel bans, border closings, business closures, quarantines, stay-at-home, shelter-in-place orders, density limitations and social distancing measures. although we believe any such measures would likely be more moderate than those imposed at the peak of the covid-19 pandemic given the consequences of stricter measures, any restrictions could negatively impact us, our tenants and consumer behavior.
15
demand for retail space and the profitability of our properties depends, in part, on the ability and willingness of tenants to enter into and perform obligations under leases, and the willingness of customers to visit our properties. even without strict governmental restrictions, the willingness of consumers to visit our properties may be reduced and our tenants' businesses adversely affected, based upon many factors, including local transmission rates of disease, the emergence of new variants, the development, availability, distribution, effectiveness and acceptance of existing and new vaccines, the effectiveness and availability of cures or treatments, and overall sensitivity to risks associated with the transmission of diseases. in addition, some of our properties are located at or within a close proximity to tourist destinations, and these properties and our tenants' businesses were, and may be in the future, heavily and adversely impacted by reductions in travel and tourism resulting from travel bans or restrictions and general concern regarding the risk of travel.
additionally, the impact of the covid-19 pandemic or other epidemics, pandemics or public health crises, and governmental reactions thereto, on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and make distributions to our shareholders could depend on additional factors, including:
●   the financial condition and viability of our tenants, and their ability or willingness to pay rent in full;

●   state, local, federal and industry-initiated tenant relief efforts that may adversely affect landlords, including us, and their ability to collect rent and/or enforce remedies for the failure to pay rent;

●   the increased popularity and utilization of e-commerce;

●   our ability to renew leases or re-lease available space in our properties on favorable terms or at all, including as a result of a deterioration in the economic and market conditions in the markets in which we own properties or due to restrictions intended to prevent the spread of disease, including any additional government mandated closures of businesses that frustrate our leasing activities;

●   a severe and prolonged disruption and instability in the global financial markets, including the debt and equity capital markets, all of which were experienced during the covid-19 pandemic and which may affect our or our tenants' ability to access capital necessary to fund our or their respective business operations or repay, refinance or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, on attractive terms, or at all and may adversely affect the valuation of financial assets and liabilities, any of which could affect our and our tenants' ability to meet liquidity and capital expenditure requirements;

●   a refusal or failure of one or more lenders under our credit facility to fund their respective financing commitment to us may affect our ability to access capital necessary to fund our business operations and to meet our liquidity and capital expenditure requirements;

●   a reduction in the cash flows generated by our properties and the values of our properties that could result in impairments or limit our ability to dispose of them at attractive prices or obtain debt financing secured by our properties;

●   the complete or partial closure of one or more of our tenants' manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in our tenants' supply chains from local and international suppliers and/or delays in the delivery of our tenants' inventory, any of which could reduce or eliminate our tenants' sales, cause the temporary closure of our tenants' businesses, and/or result in their bankruptcy or insolvency;

●   a negative impact on consumer discretionary spending caused by high unemployment levels, reduced economic activity or a severe or prolonged recession;

●   our and our tenants' ability to manage our respective businesses to the extent our and their management or personnel (including on-site employees) are impacted in significant numbers or are otherwise not willing, available or allowed to conduct work, including any impact on our tenants' ability to deliver timely information to us that is necessary for us to make effective decisions; and

●   our and our tenants' ability to ensure business continuity in the event our or our tenants' continuity of operations plan is (i) not effective or improperly implemented or deployed or (ii) compromised due to increased cyber and remote access activity during such epidemic, pandemic or other public health crisis.

16
to the extent any of these risks and uncertainties adversely impact us in the ways described above or otherwise, they may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein.
risks related to real estate holdings and operations some of our properties are subject to potential natural or other disasters.
a number of our properties are located in areas subject to a higher risk of natural disasters such as earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, floods, tornados, hail or tsunamis. in 2023, the weather phenomenon known as el nino has returned. this phenomenon generally results in an increase in storms, flooding, and landslides in southern california, heavier precipitation along the gulf of mexico, and an increase in severe weather in florida. the occurrence of natural disasters at any of our properties, which could become more intense and more volatile in light of climate change, can adversely impact operations and development/redevelopment projects at our properties, increase investment costs to repair or replace damaged properties, increase future property insurance costs and negatively impact our tenants and the tenant demand for lease space. if insurance is unavailable to us or is unavailable on acceptable terms, or our insurance is not adequate to cover losses from these events, we could be materially and adversely affected.
some of our potential losses may not be covered by insurance.
we maintain insurance coverage with third-party carriers who provide a portion of the coverage for specific layers of potential losses, including commercial general liability, fire, flood, extended coverage and rental loss insurance on all of our properties in the united states as well as cyber coverage. the initial portion of coverage, excess of policy deductibles, not provided by third-party carriers is either insured through our wholly-owned captive insurance company or other financial arrangements controlled by us. a third party carrier has, in turn, agreed to provide, if required, evidence of coverage for this layer of losses under the terms and conditions of the carrier's policy. a similar policy either written through our captive insurance company or other financial arrangements controlled by us also provides initial coverage for property insurance and certain windstorm risks at the properties located in coastal windstorm locations.
there are some types of losses, including lease and other contract claims, which generally are not insured or are subject to large deductibles. additionally, insurance costs and availability may be impacted in the future by factors outside of our control, like inflationary pressures or cybersecurity events. if an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue it could generate but may remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligation related to the property.
we currently maintain insurance coverage against acts of terrorism on all of our properties in the united states on an "all risk" basis in the amount of up to $1 billion. despite the existence of this insurance coverage, any threatened or actual terrorist attacks where we operate could materially and adversely affect our property values, revenues, consumer traffic and tenant sales.
we face risks associated with climate change.
due to changes in weather patterns caused by climate change, our properties in certain markets could experience increases in storm intensity and rising sea levels. over time, climate change could result in population migration or volatile or decreased demand for retail space at certain of our properties or, in extreme cases, our inability to operate the properties at all. climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) insurance on favorable terms, or at all, increasing the cost of energy at our properties or requiring us to spend funds to repair and protect our properties against such risks. moreover, compliance with new laws or regulations related to climate change, including compliance with "green" building codes, may require us to make improvements to our existing properties or increase taxes and fees assessed on us or our properties.
as owners of real estate, we can face liabilities for environmental contamination, and our efforts to identify environmental liabilities may not be successful.
many of our properties contain, or at one time contained, asbestos containing materials or underground storage tanks (primarily related to auto service center establishments or emergency electrical generation equipment), and as a result we may be subject to regulatory action in connection with u.s. federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to hazardous or toxic substances. we may also be held liable to third parties for personal injury or property damage incurred
17
by the parties in connection with any such substances. the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances, and related liabilities, may be substantial and could materially and adversely affect us. the presence of hazardous or toxic substances, or the failure to remediate the related contamination, may also adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or redevelop a property or to borrow money using a property as collateral.
although we believe that our portfolio is in substantial compliance with u.s. federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations regarding hazardous or toxic substances, this belief is based on limited testing. nearly all of our properties have been subjected to phase i or similar environmental audits. these environmental audits have not revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that we believe is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. however, we cannot assure you that:
●   previous environmental studies with respect to the portfolio reveal all potential environmental liabilities;

●   any previous owner, occupant or tenant of a property did not create any material environmental condition not known to us;

●   the current environmental condition of the portfolio will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by other unrelated third parties; or

●   future uses or conditions (including, without limitation, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or the interpretation thereof) will not result in environmental liabilities.

we face risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment and expansion of properties.
we regularly acquire and develop new properties and redevelop and expand existing properties, and these activities are subject to various risks. acquisition or construction costs of a project may be higher than projected, potentially making the project unfeasible or unprofitable, and development, redevelopment or expansions may take considerably longer than expected, delaying the commencement and amount of income from the property. these risks, and the potential impact thereof, may be exacerbated by the volume and complexity of such activity, as well as inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, like those experienced in 2022. we may not be successful in pursuing acquisition, development or redevelopment/expansion opportunities. in addition, newly acquired, developed or redeveloped/expanded properties may not perform as well as expected, impacting our anticipated return on investment. we are subject to other risks in connection with any acquisition, development and redevelopment/expansion activities, including the following:
●   we may not be able to obtain financing or to refinance loans on favorable terms, or at all;

●   we may be unable to obtain zoning, occupancy or other governmental approvals;

●   occupancy rates and rents may not meet our projections and the project may not be accretive;

●   we may need the consent of third parties such as department stores, anchor tenants, mortgage lenders and joint venture partners, and those consents may be withheld;

●   development, redevelopment or expansions may fail to appeal to the demographics of the communities they are intended to serve; and

●   acquisitions of new properties will expose us to the liabilities of those properties, some of which we may not be aware of at the time of the acquisition.

if a development or redevelopment/expansion project is unsuccessful, either because it is not meeting our expectations when operational or was not completed according to the project planning, we could lose our investment in the project. further, if we guarantee the property's financing, our loss could exceed our investment in the project.
in the event that these risks were realized at the same time at multiple properties, we could be materially and adversely affected.
real estate investments are relatively illiquid.
our properties represent a substantial portion of our total consolidated assets. these investments are relatively illiquid. as a result, our ability to sell one or more of our properties or investments in real estate in response to any changes
18
in economic, industry, or other conditions may be limited. the real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability and terms of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand for space, that are beyond our control. if we want to sell a property, we cannot assure you that we will be able to dispose of it in the desired time period, or at all, or that the sales price of a property will be attractive at the relevant time or exceed the carrying value of our investment. moreover, if a property is mortgaged, we may not be able to obtain a release of the lien on that property without the payment of the associated debt and/or a substantial prepayment penalty, which could restrict our ability to dispose of the property, even though the sale might otherwise be desirable.
risks relating to income taxes and reit rules simon and certain subsidiaries of the operating partnership have elected to be taxed as reits in the united states. the failure to maintain simon's or the subsidiary reits' qualifications as reits or changes in applicable tax laws or regulations could result in adverse tax consequences.
in the united states, simon and certain subsidiaries of the operating partnership have elected to be taxed as reits under sections 856 through 860 of the internal revenue code. we believe that simon and these subsidiaries, or the subsidiary reits, have been organized and have operated in a manner which allows them to qualify for taxation as reits under the internal revenue code. we intend to continue to operate in this manner. however, qualification and taxation as reits depend upon the ability of simon and the subsidiary reits to satisfy several requirements (some of which are outside our control), including tests related to our annual operating results, asset diversification, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership. the various reit qualification tests required by the internal revenue code are highly technical and complex. accordingly, there can be no assurance that simon or any of the subsidiary reits has operated in accordance with these requirements or will continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify or remain qualified as a reit.
if simon or any of the subsidiary reits fail to comply with those provisions, simon or any such subsidiary reit may be subject to monetary penalties or ultimately to possible disqualification as reits. if such events occur, and if available relief provisions do not apply:
●   simon or any such subsidiary will not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing taxable income;

●   simon or any such subsidiary will be subject to corporate-level income tax on taxable income at the corporate rate;

●   simon may be subject to the one-percent excise tax on stock repurchases imposed by the 2022 inflation reduction act;

●   simon or any such subsidiary reit could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax for taxable years prior to 2018; and

●   unless entitled to relief under relevant statutory provisions, simon or any such subsidiary will also be disqualified from treatment as a reit for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost.

any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for, among other things, our operations and distributions to stockholders. in addition, if simon fails to qualify as a reit, it will not be required to make distributions to our stockholders. moreover, a failure by any subsidiary of the operating partnership that has elected to be taxed as a reit to qualify as a reit could also cause simon to fail to qualify as a reit, and the same adverse consequences would apply to it and its stockholders. failure by simon or any of the subsidiary reits to qualify as a reit also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, which could materially and adversely affect us. additionally, we are subject to certain income-based taxes, both domestically and internationally, and other taxes, including state and local taxes, franchise taxes, and withholding taxes on dividends from certain of our international investments. we currently follow local tax laws and regulations in various domestic and international jurisdictions. should these laws or regulations change, the amount of taxes we pay may increase accordingly.
if the operating partnership fails to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, we would cease to qualify as a reit and suffer other adverse consequences.
we believe that the operating partnership is treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. as a
19
partnership, the operating partnership is not subject to federal income tax on its income. instead, each of its partners, including us, is allocated, and may be required to pay tax with respect to, such partner's share of its income. we cannot assure you that the internal revenue service, or the irs, will not challenge the status of the operating partnership or any other subsidiary partnership or limited liability company in which we own an interest as a disregarded entity or partnership for federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. if the irs were successful in treating the operating partnership or any such other subsidiary as an entity taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to meet the gross income tests and certain of the asset tests applicable to reits and, accordingly, we would likely cease to qualify as a reit. also, the failure of the operating partnership or any subsidiary partnerships or limited liability company to qualify as a disregarded entity or partnership for applicable income tax purposes could cause it to become subject to federal and state corporate income tax, which would reduce significantly the amount of cash available for debt service and for distribution to its partners or members, including us.
complying with reit requirements might cause us to forgo otherwise attractive acquisition opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments.
to qualify to be taxed as reits for u.s. federal income tax purposes, simon and the subsidiary reits must ensure that, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75% of the value of their respective assets consist of cash, cash items, government securities and "real estate assets" (as defined in the internal revenue code), including certain mortgage loans and securities. the remainder of their respective investments (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a taxable reit subsidiary, or trs) generally cannot include more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10% of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer.
additionally, in general, no more than 5% of the value of simon's and the subsidiary reits' total assets (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a trs) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20% of the value of their respective total assets can be represented by securities of one or more trss. if simon or any of the subsidiary reits fails to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, simon or any such subsidiary reit must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing its reit qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. as a result, we might be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments. these actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to equity holders. moreover, if simon or the subsidiary reits are compelled to liquidate their investments to meet any of the asset, income or distribution tests, or to repay obligations to lenders, simon or such subsidiaries may be unable to comply with one or more of the requirements applicable to reits or may be subject to a 100% tax on any resulting gain if such sales constitute prohibited transactions.
in addition to the asset tests set forth above, to qualify to be taxed as reits, simon and the subsidiary reits must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of their respective income, the amounts they distribute to equity holders and the ownership of their respective shares. we might be unable to pursue investments that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the source-of-income or asset-diversification requirements for qualifying as reits. thus, compliance with the reit requirements may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments.
our ownership of trss is subject to certain restrictions, and we will be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on certain income or deductions if our transactions with our trss are not conducted on arm's-length terms.
we own securities in trss and may acquire securities in additional trss in the future. a trs is a corporation other than a reit in which a reit directly or indirectly holds stock, and that has made a joint election with such reit to be treated as a taxable reit subsidiary. if a trs owns more than 35% of the total voting power or value of the outstanding securities of another corporation, such other corporation will also be treated as a trs. other than some activities relating to lodging and health care facilities, a trs may generally engage in any business, including the provision of customary or non-customary services to tenants of its parent reit. a trs is subject to federal income tax as a regular c corporation. in addition, a 100% excise tax will be imposed on certain transactions between a trs and its parent reit that are not conducted on an arm's-length basis.
a reit's ownership of securities of a trs is not subject to the 5% or 10% asset tests applicable to reits. not more than 25% of the value of simon's or any subsidiary reit's total assets may be represented by securities (including securities of trss), other than those securities includable in the 75% asset test, and not more than 20% of the value of our total assets or the assets of any subsidiary reit may be represented by securities of trss. we anticipate that the aggregate value of the stock and securities of any trs and other nonqualifying assets that simon or each such subsidiary
20
reit owns will be less than 25% (or, in the case of securities of trss, 20%) of the value of simon's or such subsidiary's total assets, and we will monitor the value of these investments to ensure compliance with applicable ownership limitations. in addition, we intend to structure transactions with any trss that we own to ensure that they are entered into on arm's-length terms to avoid incurring the 100% excise tax described above. there can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to comply with the above limitations or to avoid application of the 100% excise tax discussed above.
dividends payable by reits generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends, which may negatively affect the value of our shares.
income from "qualified dividends" payable to u.s. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates are generally subject to tax at preferential rates, currently at a maximum federal rate of 20%. dividends payable by reits, however, generally are not eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income. u.s. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally may deduct up to 20% of the ordinary dividends (e.g., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a reit for taxable years beginning before january 1, 2026. although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by reits (generally to 29.6% assuming the shareholder is subject to the 37% maximum rate), such tax rate is still higher than the tax rate applicable to corporate dividends that constitute qualified dividend income. accordingly, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive investments in reits to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-reit corporations that pay dividends, which could materially and adversely affect the value of the shares of reits, including the per share trading price of our common stock.
the tax imposed on reits engaging in "prohibited transactions" may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
a reit's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% penalty tax. in general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, such characterization is a factual determination (unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors), and no guarantee can be given that the irs, would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors.
reit distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan.
in order for simon and the subsidiary reits to qualify to be taxed as reits, and assuming that certain other requirements are also satisfied, simon and each such subsidiary reit generally must distribute at least 90% of their respective reit taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains, to their respective equity holders each year. to the extent that simon or any such subsidiary reit satisfies this distribution requirement and qualifies for taxation as a reit, but distributes less than 100% of its reit taxable income, simon or such subsidiary will be subject to u.s. federal corporate income tax on its undistributed net taxable income and could be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that is distributed to equity holders in a calendar year is less than the minimum required distribution amount. we intend to make distributions to the equity holders of simon and the subsidiary reits to comply with the reit requirements of the internal revenue code.
from time to time, simon and the subsidiary reits might generate taxable income greater than their respective cash flow as a result of differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves, or required debt or amortization payments. if simon or the subsidiary reits do not have other funds available in these situations, simon or such subsidiaries could be required to access capital on unfavorable terms (the receipt of which cannot be assured), sell assets at disadvantageous prices, distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt, or make taxable distributions of capital stock or debt securities to make distributions sufficient to enable them to pay out enough of their respective reit taxable income to satisfy the reit distribution requirement and avoid corporate income tax and the 4% excise tax in a particular year. these alternatives could increase costs or reduce our equity. further, amounts distributed will not be available to fund the growth of our business. thus, compliance with the reit requirements may adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan.
21
partnership tax audit rules could have a material adverse effect on us.
under the rules applicable to u.s. federal income tax audits of partnerships, subject to certain exceptions, any audit adjustment to items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of a partnership (and any partner's distributive share thereof) is determined, and taxes, interest, or penalties attributable thereto could be assessed and collected, at the partnership level. absent available elections, it is possible that a partnership in which we directly or indirectly invest could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties as a result of an audit adjustment, and we, as a direct or indirect partner of these partnerships, could be required to bear the economic burden of those taxes, interest, and penalties even though simon and the subsidiary reits, as reits, may not otherwise have been required to pay additional corporate-level taxes had they owned the assets of the partnership directly. the partnership tax audit rules apply to the operating partnership and its subsidiaries that are classified as partnerships for u.s. federal income tax purposes. there can be no assurance that these rules will not have a material adverse effect on us.
legislative, administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting reits, including positions taken by the irs, could have a material adverse effect on us and our investors.
the rules dealing with u.s. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, and by the irs and the u.s. department of the treasury, or the treasury. changes to the tax laws or interpretations thereof by the irs and the treasury, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect us and our investors. we cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors and us. new legislation, treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect the ability of simon and certain subsidiaries of the operating partnership to qualify to be taxed as reits and/or the u.s. federal income tax consequences to us and our investors of such qualification. moreover, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a reit.
provisions in simon's charter and by-laws and in the operating partnership's partnership agreement could prevent a change of control.
simon's charter contains a general restriction on the accumulation of shares in excess of 8% of its capital stock. the charter permits the members of the simon family and related persons to own up to 18% of simon's capital stock. ownership is determined by the lower of the number of outstanding shares, voting power or value controlled. simon's board of directors may, by majority vote, permit exceptions to those levels in circumstances where simon's board of directors determines that simon's ability to qualify as a reit will not be jeopardized. these restrictions on ownership may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interest of simon's stockholders or the operating partnership's unitholders or preferred unitholders. other provisions of simon's charter and by-laws could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control even if some of simon's stockholders or the operating partnership's unitholders or preferred unitholders deem such a change to be in their best interests. these include provisions preventing holders of simon's common stock from acting by written consent and requiring that up to four directors in the aggregate may be elected by holders of class b common stock. in addition, certain provisions of the operating partnership's partnership agreement could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control. these include a provision requiring the consent of a majority in interest of units in order for simon, as general partner of the operating partnership, to, among other matters, engage in a merger transaction or sell all or substantially all of its assets.
risks related to indebtedness and the financial markets we have a substantial debt burden that could affect our future operations.
as of december 31, 2022, our consolidated mortgages and unsecured indebtedness, excluding related premium, discount and debt issuance costs, totaled $25.0 billion. as a result of this indebtedness, we are required to use a substantial portion of our cash flows for debt service, including selected repayment at scheduled maturities, which limits our ability to use those cash flows to fund the growth of our business. we are also subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flows from operations will be insufficient to meet required debt service or that we will be able to refinance such indebtedness on acceptable terms, or at all. our debt service costs generally will not be reduced if developments at the applicable property, such as the entry of new competitors or the loss of major tenants, cause a reduction in the income from the property. our indebtedness could also have other adverse consequences on us,
22
including reducing our access to capital or increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic, industry and market conditions. in addition, if a property is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and income from such property is insufficient to pay that indebtedness, the property could be foreclosed upon by the mortgagee resulting in a loss of income and a decline in our total asset value. if any of the foregoing occurs, we could be materially and adversely affected.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us that might affect our ability to operate freely.
we have a variety of unsecured debt, including the credit facilities, senior unsecured notes and commercial paper, and secured property level debt. certain of the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain covenants, including, among other things, limitations on our ability to incur secured and unsecured indebtedness, sell all or substantially all of our assets and engage in mergers and certain acquisitions. in addition, certain of the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain financial covenants that require us to maintain certain financial ratios, including certain coverage ratios. these covenants may restrict our ability to pursue certain business initiatives or certain transactions that might otherwise be advantageous to us. in addition, our ability to comply with these provisions might be affected by events beyond our control. failure to comply with any of our financing covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate the related indebtedness as well as other of our indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
disruption in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our ability to access external financings for our growth and ongoing debt service requirements.
we depend on external financings, principally debt financings, to fund the growth of our business, execute on our business model, and to ensure that we can meet ongoing maturities of our outstanding debt. our access to financing depends on our credit ratings, the willingness of lending institutions and other debt investors to grant credit to us and conditions in the capital markets in general. an economic recession may cause extreme volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets. we rely upon the credit facilities as sources of funding for numerous transactions. our access to these funds is dependent upon the ability of each of the participants to the credit facilities to meet their funding commitments to us. when markets are volatile, access to capital and credit markets could be disrupted over an extended period of time and one or more financial institutions may not have the available capital to meet their previous commitments to us. the failure of one or more participants to the credit facilities to meet their funding commitments to us could have a material adverse effect on us, including as a result of making it difficult to obtain the financing we may need for future growth and/or meeting our debt service requirements. additionally, a high interest rate environment, as we are currently experiencing, could prevent us from accessing capital at attractive interest rates, which could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt at maturity as well as our ability to fund development and/or opportunistic acquisition activities. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the financing we need for the future growth of our business, execution on our business model or to meet our debt service requirements, or that a sufficient amount of financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all.
adverse changes in our credit ratings could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms.
the operating partnership's outstanding senior unsecured notes, the credit facilities, the commercial paper program, and simon's preferred stock are periodically rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. the credit ratings are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, financial condition and prospects, and other factors viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to us and our industry and the economic outlook in general. our credit ratings can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain. since we depend primarily on debt financing to fund the growth of our business, an adverse change in our credit ratings, including actual changes and changes in outlook, or even the initiation of a review of our credit ratings that could result in an adverse change, could have a material adverse effect on us.
an increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on variable rate debt and could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt on attractive terms, or at all; our hedging interest rate protection arrangements may not effectively limit our interest rate risk.
as of december 31, 2022, we had approximately $2.3 billion of outstanding consolidated indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates, and we may incur more variable rate indebtedness in the future. when interest rates increase, then so does the interest costs on our unhedged variable rate debt, which could adversely affect our cash flows and our
23
ability to pay principal and interest on our debt and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures or significantly increase our future interest expense.
we selectively manage our exposure to interest rate risk by a combination of interest rate protection agreements to effectively fix or cap all or a portion of our variable rate debt. in addition, we refinance fixed rate debt at times when we believe rates and other terms are appropriate. our efforts to manage these exposures may not be successful.
our use of interest rate hedging arrangements to manage risk associated with interest rate volatility may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may fail to honor its obligations or that we could be required to fund our contractual payment obligations under such arrangements in relatively large amounts or on short notice. developing an effective interest rate risk strategy is complex and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. there can be no assurance that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. termination of these hedging agreements typically involves costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs.
risks related to joint ventures we have limited control with respect to some properties that are partially owned or managed by third parties, which may adversely affect our ability to sell or refinance them.
as of december 31, 2022, we owned interests in 100 income-producing properties with other parties. of those, 18 properties are included in our consolidated financial statements. we apply the equity method of accounting to the other 82 properties (the joint venture properties) and our investments in klépierre (a publicly traded, paris-based real estate company), the taubman realty group, llc, or trg, and jamestown, as well as our investments in certain entities involved in retail operations, such as j.c. penney and sparc group; intellectual property and licensing venture, such as authentic brands group, llc, or abg; and an e-commerce venture rue gilt groupe, or rgg, (collectively, our other platform investments). we serve as general partner or property manager for 51 of these 82 joint venture properties; however, certain major decisions, such as approving the operating budget and selling, refinancing, and redeveloping the properties, require the consent of the other owners. of the joint venture properties for which we do not serve as general partner or property manager, 24 are in our international joint ventures. these international properties are managed locally by joint ventures in which we share control of the properties with our partner. the other owners have participating rights that we consider substantive for purposes of determining control over the joint venture properties' assets. the remaining joint venture properties, klépierre, trg, jamestown, and our joint ventures with abg, j.c. penney, rgg, and sparc group are managed by third parties.
these investments, and other future similar investments, could involve risks that would not be present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or other owners might become bankrupt, suffer a deterioration in their creditworthiness, or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. if one of our partners or other owners in these investments were to become bankrupt, we may be precluded from taking certain actions regarding our investments without prior court approval, which at a minimum may delay the actions we would or might want to take. additionally, partners or other owners could have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our own business interests or goals, and could be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives.
these investments, and other future similar investments, also have the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, such as a sale, financing or development, because neither we nor our partner or other owner has full control over the partnership or joint venture. disputes between us and partners or other owners might result in litigation or arbitration that could increase our expenses and prevent simon's officers and/or directors from focusing their time and efforts on our business. consequently, actions by, or disputes with, partners or other owners might result in subjecting properties owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. in addition, we risk the possibility of being liable for the actions of our partners or other owners.
the operating partnership guarantees debt or otherwise provides support for a number of joint venture properties.
joint venture debt is the liability of the joint venture and is typically secured by a mortgage on the joint venture property, which is non-recourse to us. nevertheless, the joint venture's failure to satisfy its debt obligations could result in the loss of our investment therein. as of december 31, 2022, the operating partnership guaranteed joint venture-related mortgage indebtedness of $128.0 million. a default by a joint venture under its debt obligations would expose us to liability
24
under a guaranty. we may elect to fund cash needs of a joint venture through equity contributions (generally on a basis proportionate to our ownership interests), advances or partner loans, although such fundings are not typically required contractually or otherwise.
general risk factors we face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (it) networks and related systems.
our it networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. we face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses, hardware or software corruption or failure or poor product or vendor/developer selection (including a failure of security controls incorporated into or applied to such hardware or software), service provider error or failure, intentional or unintentional actions by employees (including the failure to follow our security protocols) and other significant disruptions of our it networks and related systems. although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of it networks and related systems, including making recent upgrades to our it programs through significant capital investment, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. we may also face significant disruptions due to natural disasters or other critical incidents.
the risk of a security breach or significant disruption has generally increased due to our increased reliance on technology, a rise in the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks globally, and the permanent nature of remote work as business travel has resumed and people now routinely work remotely outside of normal business hours. a breach or significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our systems, including our primary website, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, tenants and revenues, generate third party claims, cause operational disruption, result in the unintended and/or unauthorized public disclosure or the misappropriation of proprietary, personal identifying and/or confidential information, and require us to incur significant expenses to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues. we may not be able to recover these expenses in whole or in any part from our service providers or responsible parties, or their or our insurers.
additionally, cyber-attacks perpetrated against our tenants, including unauthorized access to customers' credit card data and other confidential information, could diminish consumer confidence and spending at our tenants, or negatively impact consumer perception of shopping at our properties, all of which could materially and adversely affect us.
an increased focus on metrics and reporting related to environmental, social and governance ("esg") factors, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks.
investors and other stakeholders have become more focused on understanding how companies address a variety of esg factors. as they evaluate investment decisions, many investors look not only at company disclosures but also to esg rating systems that have been developed by third parties to allow esg comparisons among companies. although we participate in a number of these ratings systems, we do not participate in all such systems. the criteria used in these ratings systems may conflict and change frequently, and we cannot predict how these third parties will score us, nor can we have any assurance that they score us accurately or other companies accurately or that other companies have provided them with accurate data. we supplement our participation in ratings systems with published disclosures of our esg activities, but some investors may desire other disclosures that we do not provide. in addition, the sec is currently evaluating potential rule making that could mandate additional esg disclosure and impose other requirements on us. failure to participate in certain of the third party ratings systems, failure to score well in those ratings systems or failure to provide certain esg disclosures could result in reputational harm when investors compare us to other companies, and could cause certain investors to be unwilling to invest in our stock which could adversely impact our stock price.
25
our international activities may subject us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations.
as of december 31, 2022, we held interests in consolidated and joint venture properties that operate in austria, canada, france, italy, germany, japan, malaysia, mexico, the netherlands, south korea, spain, thailand, and the united kingdom. we also have an equity stake in klépierre, a publicly traded european real estate company, which operates in 14 countries in europe. accordingly, our operating results and the value of our international operations may be impacted by any unhedged movements in the foreign currencies in which those operations transact and in which our net investment in those international operations is held. while we occasionally enter into hedging agreements to manage our exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates, these agreements may not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely.
we may pursue additional investment, ownership, development and redevelopment/expansion opportunities outside the united states. such international activities carry risks that are different from those we face with our domestic properties and operations. these risks include, but are not limited to:
●   adverse effects of changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies;

●   changes in foreign political and economic environments, regionally, nationally, and locally;

●   impact from international trade disputes and the associated impact on our tenants' supply chain and consumer spending levels;

●   challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, including corporate governance, operations, taxes and litigation;

●   the risk that we, our employees and/or agents could violate anti-bribery, anti-corruption and international trade laws in the u.s., such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, and certain foreign countries, such as the u.k. bribery act, which could result in criminal or civil sanctions and/or fines, negatively impact our reputation, or require us to incur significant expenses to investigate;

●   differing lending practices;

●   differences in cultures and consumer retail behavior;

●   changes in applicable laws and regulations in the united states that affect international operations;

●   changes in applicable laws and regulations in these foreign jurisdictions;

●   difficulties in managing international operations;

●   obstacles to the repatriation of earnings and cash; and

●   labor discord, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism, epidemics and pandemics, including covid-19, the fear of spread of contagious diseases, supply chain disruptions or the threat of international boycotts.

our international activities represented approximately 7.7% of consolidated net income and 8.9% of our net operating income, or noi, for the year ended december 31, 2022. to the extent that we expand our international activities, the above risks could increase in significance, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on us.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract, retain and develop talented employees, and our failure to do so, including the loss of any one of our key personnel, could adversely impact our business.
the success of our business depends, in part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees, including our ceo, who operate without the existence of employment agreements. many of our senior executives have extensive experience and strong reputations in the real estate industry, which aid us in identifying opportunities and negotiating with tenants. our ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees, and develop talent internally, could significantly impact our future performance. competition for these individuals is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our executive management team and other key employees or that we will be able to attract, retain and/or develop other highly qualified individuals for these positions in the future. additionally, the compensation and benefits packages we may need to offer to remain competitive for these individuals could increase the cost of replacement and retention. losing any one or more of these persons could adversely affect our business, disrupt short-term operational performance, diminish our opportunities and weaken our relationships with lenders, business partners, existing and prospective tenants and others, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto that are included in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview simon property group, inc. is a delaware corporation that operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust, or reit, under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, or the internal revenue code. reits will generally not be liable for u.s. federal corporate income taxes as long as they distribute not less than 100% of their reit taxable income. simon property group, l.p. is our majority-owned delaware partnership subsidiary that owns all of our real estate properties and other assets. in this discussion, unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to "simon" mean simon property group, inc. and references to the "operating partnership" mean simon property group, l.p. references to "we," "us" and "our" mean collectively simon, the operating partnership and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by simon and/or the operating partnership. according to the operating partnership's partnership agreement, the operating partnership is required to pay all expenses of simon.
we own, develop and manage premier shopping, dining, entertainment and mixed-use destinations, which consist primarily of malls, premium outlets®, and the mills®. as of december 31, 2022, we owned or held an interest in 196 income-producing properties in the united states, which consisted of 94 malls, 69 premium outlets, 14 mills, six lifestyle centers, and 13 other retail properties in 37 states and puerto rico. we also own an 80% noncontrolling interest in the taubman realty group, llc, or trg, which has an interest in 24 regional, super-regional, and outlet malls in the u.s. and asia. in addition, we have redevelopment and expansion projects, including the addition of anchors, big box tenants, and restaurants, underway at several properties in the north america, europe and asia. internationally, as of december 31, 2022, we had ownership in 34 premium outlets and designer outlet properties primarily located in asia, europe, and canada. as of december 31, 2022, we also owned a 22.4% equity stake in klépierre sa, or klépierre, a publicly traded, paris-based real estate company, which owns, or has an interest in, shopping centers located in 14 countries in europe.
we generate the majority of our lease income from retail, dining, entertainment, and other tenants including consideration received from:
●   fixed minimum lease consideration and fixed common area maintenance (cam) reimbursements, and

●   variable lease consideration primarily based on tenants' sales, as well as reimbursements for real estate taxes, utilities, marketing and certain other items.

revenues of our management company, after intercompany eliminations, consist primarily of management fees that are typically based upon the revenues of the property being managed.
we invest in real estate properties to maximize total financial return which includes both operating cash flows and capital appreciation. we seek growth in earnings, funds from operations, or ffo, and cash flows by enhancing the profitability and operation of our properties and investments. we seek to accomplish this growth through the following:
●   attracting and retaining high quality tenants and utilizing economies of scale to reduce operating expenses,

●   expanding and re-tenanting existing highly productive locations at competitive rental rates,

●   selectively acquiring or increasing our interests in high quality real estate assets or portfolios of assets,

●   generating consumer traffic in our retail properties through marketing initiatives and strategic corporate alliances, and

●   selling selective non-core assets.

we also grow by generating supplemental revenues from the following activities:
●   establishing our malls as leading market resource providers for retailers and other businesses and consumer-focused corporate alliances, including payment systems (such as handling fees relating to the sales of bank-issued prepaid cards), national marketing alliances, static and digital media initiatives, business development, sponsorship, and events,

59
●   offering property operating services to our tenants and others, including waste handling and facility services, and the provision of energy services,

●   selling or leasing land adjacent to our properties, commonly referred to as "outlots" or "outparcels," and

●   generating interest income on cash deposits and investments in loans, including those made to related entities.

we focus on high quality real estate across the retail real estate spectrum. we expand or redevelop properties to enhance profitability and market share of existing assets when we believe the investment of our capital meets our risk-reward criteria. we selectively develop new properties in markets we believe are not adequately served by existing retail outlet properties.
we routinely review and evaluate acquisition opportunities based on their ability to enhance our portfolio. our international strategy includes partnering with established real estate companies and financing international investments with local currency to minimize foreign exchange risk.
to support our growth, we employ a three-fold capital strategy:
●   provide the capital necessary to fund growth,

●   maintain sufficient flexibility to access capital in many forms, both public and private, including but not limited to, having in place, the operating partnership's $4.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, or the credit facility, its $3.5 billion supplemental unsecured revolving credit facility, or its supplemental facility, together, the credit facilities and its global unsecured commercial paper note program, or the commercial paper program, of $2.0 billion, or the non-u.s. dollar equivalent thereof, and

●   manage our overall financial structure in a fashion that preserves our investment grade credit ratings.

we consider ffo, comparable ffo, net operating income, or noi, and portfolio noi to be key measures of operating performance that are not specifically defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, or gaap. we use these measures internally to evaluate the operating performance of our portfolio and provide a basis for comparison with other real estate companies. reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable gaap measures are included below in this discussion.
covid-19
on march 11, 2020, the world health organization declared the novel strain of coronavirus, or covid-19, a global pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. the covid-19 pandemic had a material negative impact on economic and market conditions around the world. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve and governments and other authorities, including where we own or hold interests in properties, have at times imposed measures intended to control its spread, including restrictions on freedom of movement, group gatherings and business operations such as travel bans, border closings, business closures, quarantines, stay-at-home, shelter-in-place orders, density limitations and social distancing measures. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and these measures, the company has experienced and may continue to experience material impacts including changes in the ability to recognize revenue due to changes in our assessment of the probability of collection of lease income and asset impairment charges as a result of changing cash flows generated by our properties and investments. due to certain restrictive governmental orders placed on us, our domestic portfolio lost approximately 13,500 shopping days in 2020, the majority of which occurred in the second quarter.
as we developed and implemented our response to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and restrictions intended to prevent its spread on our business, our primary focus has been on the health and safety of our employees, our shoppers and the communities in which we serve. in the second quarter of 2020, in connection with the property closures, we implemented a series of actions to reduce costs and increase liquidity in light of the economic impacts of the pandemic, including:
●   significantly reduced all non-essential corporate spending,

●   significantly reduced property operating expenses, including discretionary marketing spend,

●   implemented a temporary furlough of certain corporate and field employees due to the closure of the company's u.s. properties as a result of restrictive governmental orders; reduced certain corporate and field personnel and implemented a temporary freeze on company hiring efforts, and

60
●   suspended more than $1.0 billion of redevelopment and new development projects.

as the economic environment has recovered from the pandemic, our operations have returned to more normalized pre-pandemic levels with respect to our operating expenses and capital spend.
results overview diluted earnings per share and diluted earnings per unit decreased $0.32 during 2022 to $6.52 as compared to $6.84 in 2021. the decrease in diluted earnings per share and diluted earnings per unit was primarily attributable to:
●   a non-cash gain in 2021 on acquisitions and disposals of $203.4 million, or $0.54 per diluted share/unit, related to the disposition of our interest in three properties of $176.8 million, or $0.47 per diluted share/unit, a non-cash gain on the consolidation of one property of $3.7 million, or $0.01 per diluted share/unit, and net gains of $21.0 million, or $0.06 per diluted share/unit, related to property insurance recoveries of previously depreciated assets, primarily due to hurricane, flood and wind storm damage,

●   a gain in 2021 on the disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests of $178.7 million, or $0.48 per diluted share/unit, of which $159.8 million, or $0.43 per diluted share/unit, was non-cash,

●   decreased income from unconsolidated entities of $134.9 million, or $0.36 per diluted share/unit, the majority of which is due to unfavorable year-over-year operations from our other platform investments as well as the reversal of a previously established deferred tax liability at klépierre in 2021 resulting in a non-cash gain, of which our share was $118.4 million, which is partially offset by improved operations and core fundamentals in our other unconsolidated entities and trg,

●   an unrealized unfavorable change in fair value of publicly traded equity instruments of $53.1 million, or $0.14 per diluted share/unit, partially offset by

●   a non-cash gain in 2022 on the disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests, net of $121.2 million, or $0.32 per diluted share/unit,

●   decreased tax expense of $73.7 million, or $0.20 per diluted share/unit, primarily due to unfavorable year-over-year operations from other platform investments and a favorable $32.0 million tax impact created by the lower gain on disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests transactions noted above,

●   decreased interest expense in 2022 of $34.5 million, or $0.09 per diluted share/unit, primarily due to the early extinguishment of nine secured loans in the fourth quarter of 2021, the disposition of three retail properties in 2021, and the refinancing of two retail properties at lower interest rates in 2021, partially offset by an increase in interest rates as further discussed below,

●   a charge on early extinguishment of debt of $51.8 million, or $0.14 per diluted share/unit, in 2021, and

●   improved operating performance and solid core business fundamentals in 2022, as discussed below, and the impact of our acquisition, development and expansion activity.

portfolio noi increased 5.7% in 2022 as compared to 2021. average base minimum rent for u.s. malls and premium outlets increased 2.3% to $55.13 psf as of december 31, 2022, from $53.91 psf as of december 31, 2021. ending occupancy for our u.s. malls and premium outlets increased 1.5% to 94.9% as of december 31, 2022, from 93.4% as of december 31, 2021, primarily due to leasing activity, partially offset by 2021 tenant bankruptcy activity.
our effective overall borrowing rate at december 31, 2022 on our consolidated indebtedness increased 36 basis points to 3.22% as compared to 2.86% at december 31, 2021. this increase was primarily due to an increase in the effective overall borrowing rate on variable rate debt of 273 basis points (3.93% at december 31, 2022 as compared to 1.20% at december 31, 2021) offset by a decrease in the effective overall borrowing rate on fixed rate debt of 13 basis points (3.15% at december 31, 2022 as compared to 3.28% at december 31, 2021). the weighted average years to maturity of our consolidated indebtedness was 7.5 years and 7.8 years at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
our financing activity for the year ended december 31, 2022 included:
●   increasing our euro denominated borrowings by €750.0 million ($779.0 million u.s. dollar equivalent as of the issuance date) under the supplemental facility, and using the proceeds to repay €750.0 million ($777.1 million u.s. dollar equivalent as of the payoff date) of senior unsecured notes at maturity,

61
●   decreasing our borrowings under the operating partnership's global unsecured commercial paper note program, or the commercial paper program, by $500.0 million, and

●   completing on january 11, 2022, the issuance of the following senior unsecured notes: $500 million with a floating interest rate of sofr plus 43 basis points and $700 million with a fixed interest rate of 2.650%, with maturity dates of january 11, 2024 and february 1, 2032, respectively. the proceeds were used to repay $1.05 billion outstanding under the supplemental facility, on january 12, 2022.

united states portfolio data the portfolio data discussed in this overview includes the following key operating statistics: ending occupancy, and average base minimum rent per square foot. we include acquired properties in this data beginning in the year of acquisition and remove disposed properties in the year of disposition. for comparative information purposes, we separate the information related to the mills and trg from our other u.s. operations. we also do not include any information for properties located outside the united states.
the following table sets forth these key operating statistics for the combined u.s. malls and premium outlets:
●   properties that are consolidated in our consolidated financial statements,

●   properties we account for under the equity method of accounting as joint ventures, and

●   the foregoing two categories of properties on a total portfolio basis.


%/basis point                         %/basis point
2022                     change (1)   2021                     change (1)   2020
u.s. malls and premium outlets:
ending occupancy consolidated                                          94.9%             140 bps             93.5%             200 bps             91.5%
unconsolidated                                        94.9%             180 bps             93.1%             220 bps             90.9%
total portfolio                                       94.9%             150 bps             93.4%             210 bps             91.3%
average base minimum rent per square foot consolidated                                    $53.95                     2.6%       $52.59                    -2.6%       $53.98
unconsolidated                                  $58.36                     1.4%       $57.55                    -5.6%       $60.97
total portfolio                                 $55.13                     2.3%       $53.91                    -3.4%       $55.80
u.s. trg:
ending occupancy                                      94.5%             330 bps             91.2%              60 bps             90.6%
average base minimum rent per square foot       $61.76                     5.2%       $58.69                     5.3%       $55.75
the mills:
ending occupancy                                      98.2%              60 bps             97.6%             230 bps             95.3%
average base minimum rent per square foot       $34.89                     3.2%       $33.80                     0.1%       $33.77
(1)   percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. percentage and basis point changes are representative of the change from the comparable prior period.

ending occupancy levels and average base minimum rent per square foot. ending occupancy is the percentage of gross leasable area, or gla, which is leased as of the last day of the reporting period. we include all company owned space except for mall anchors, mall majors, mall freestanding and mall outlots in the calculation. base minimum rent per square foot is the average base minimum rent charge in effect for the reporting period for all tenants that would qualify to be included in ending occupancy.
current leasing activities during the twelve months ended december 31, 2022, we signed 1,262 new leases and 1,517 renewal leases (excluding mall anchors and majors, new development, redevelopment and leases with terms of one year or less) with a fixed minimum rent across our u.s. malls and premium outlets portfolio, comprising approximately 9.1 million square feet, of which 7.0 million square feet related to consolidated properties. during 2021, we signed 992 new leases and 1,460 renewal leases with a fixed minimum rent, comprising approximately 8.3 million square feet, of which 6.5 million square feet related to consolidated properties. the average annual initial base minimum rent for new leases was $55.41 per square foot in 2022 and $55.90 per square foot in 2021 with an average tenant allowance on new leases of $53.01 per square foot
62
and $53.75 per square foot, respectively.
japan data the following are selected key operating statistics for our premium outlets in japan. the information used to prepare these statistics has been supplied by the managing venture partner.

december 31,          %/basis point       december 31,          %/basis point       december 31,
2022                  change              2021                  change              2020
ending occupancy                                          99.8%       0 bps                         99.8%       +30 bps                       99.5%
average base minimum rent per square foot       ¥         5,779       4.90%               ¥         5,509       1.14%               ¥         5,447
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap, requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. these judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. from time to time, we reevaluate our estimates and assumptions. in the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical in that they may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. for a summary of our significant accounting policies, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
●   we, as a lessor, retain substantially all of the risks and benefits of ownership of the investment properties and account for our leases as operating leases. we accrue fixed lease income on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, when we believe substantially all lease income, including the related straight-line rent receivable, is probable of collection. our assessment of collectability incorporates available operational performance measures such as sales and the aging of billed amounts as well as other publicly available information with respect to our tenant's financial condition, liquidity and capital resources, including declines in such conditions due to, or amplified by, the covid-19 pandemic. when a tenant seeks to reorganize its operations through bankruptcy proceedings, we assess the collectability of receivable balances including, among other things, the timing of a tenant's bankruptcy filing and our expectations of the assumption by the tenant in bankruptcy proceeding of leases at the company's properties on substantially similar terms. in the event that we determine accrued receivables are not probable of collection, lease income will be recorded on a cash basis, with the corresponding tenant receivable and straight-line rent receivable charged as a direct write-off against lease income in the period of the change in our collectability determination.

●   we review investment properties for impairment on a property-by-property basis to identify and evaluate events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying value of investment properties may not be recoverable. these circumstances include, but are not limited to, changes in a property's operational performance such as declining cash flows, occupancy or total sales per square foot, the company's intent and ability to hold the related asset, and, if applicable, the remaining time to maturity of underlying financing arrangements. we measure any impairment of investment property when the estimated undiscounted operating income before depreciation and amortization during the anticipated holding period plus its residual value is less than the carrying value of the property. to the extent impairment has occurred, we charge to income the excess of carrying value of the property over our estimate of its fair value. we also review our investments, including investments in unconsolidated entities, to identify and evaluate whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of our investments may not be recoverable. we will record an impairment charge if we determine the fair value of the investments are less than their carrying value and such impairment is other-than-temporary. our evaluation of changes in economic or operating conditions and whether an impairment is other-than-temporary may include developing estimates of fair value, forecasted cash flows or operating income before depreciation and amortization. we estimate undiscounted cash flows and fair value using observable and unobservable data such as operating income, hold periods, estimated capitalization and discount rates, or

63
relevant market multiples, leasing prospects and local market information and whether certain impairments are other-than-temporary. changes in economic and operating conditions, including changes in the financial condition of our tenants, and changes to our intent and ability to hold the related asset, that occur subsequent to our review of recoverability of investment property and other investments could impact the assumptions used in that assessment and could result in future charges to earnings if assumptions regarding those investments differ from actual results.

●   to maintain simon's status as a reit, we must distribute at least 90% of reit taxable income in any given year and meet certain asset and income tests. we monitor our business and transactions that may potentially impact simon's reit status. in the unlikely event that we fail to maintain simon's reit status, and available relief provisions do not apply, we would be required to pay u.s. federal income taxes at regular corporate income tax rates during the period simon did not qualify as a reit. if simon lost its reit status, it could not elect to be taxed as a reit for four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost unless its failure was due to reasonable cause and certain other conditions were met. as a result, failing to maintain reit status would result in a significant increase in the income tax expense recorded and paid during those periods.

●   in the period of a significant acquisition of real estate, we make estimates as part of our valuation of the purchase price of asset acquisitions (including the components of excess investment in joint ventures) to the various components of the acquisition based upon the relative fair value of each component. the most significant components of our real estate valuations are typically the determination of relative fair value to the buildings as-if-vacant, land and market value of in-place leases. in the case of the fair value of buildings and fair value of land and other intangibles, our estimates of the values of these components will affect the amount of depreciation or amortization we record over the estimated useful life of the property acquired or the remaining lease term. in the case of the market value of in-place leases, we make our best estimates of the tenants' ability to pay rents based upon the tenants' operating performance at the property, including the competitive position of the property in its market as well as sales psf, rents psf, and overall occupancy cost for the tenants in place at the acquisition date. our assumptions affect the amount of future revenue that we will recognize over the remaining lease term for the acquired in-place leases.

results of operations the following acquisitions, dispositions, and openings of consolidated properties affected our consolidated results in the comparative periods:
●   on june 17, 2022, we acquired an additional interest in gloucester premium outlets from a joint venture, resulting in the consolidation of this property.

●   during the second quarter of 2022, we disposed of one retail property.

●   during 2021, we disposed of three retail properties.

●   during the first quarter of 2021, we consolidated one designer outlet property in europe that had previously been accounted for under the equity method.

●   during the fourth quarter of 2020, we disposed of one consolidated retail property.

the following acquisitions, dispositions, and openings of noncontrolling interests in joint venture entities affected our income from unconsolidated entities in the comparative periods:
●   during the fourth quarter of 2022, we disposed of one retail property.

●   during the fourth quarter of 2022, we sold to abg all of our interests in the licensing venture of eddie bauer for additional interests in abg. our noncontrolling interest in abg is approximately 12.3% after this transaction.

●   on december 19, 2022, we completed the acquisition of a 50% noncontrolling legal ownership interest in jamestown, a global real estate investment and asset management company, as well as separate interests in certain real estate and working capital, for total cash consideration of $173.4 million.

●   on november 3, 2022, we opened fukaya-hanazono premium outlets, a 296,300 square foot center in fukaya city, japan. we own a 40% interest in this center.

●   during the third quarter of 2022, we disposed of one retail property.

64
●   during the fourth quarter of 2021, we disposed of our noncontrolling interest in one retail property.

●   on december 20, 2021, we sold a portion of our interest in abg for cash consideration of $65.5 million and purchased additional interests in abg for cash consideration of $100.0 million.

●   on october 15, 2021, we opened jeju premium outlets, a 92,000 square foot center in jeju province, south korea. we own a 50% interest in this center.

●   on july 1, 2021, we sold to abg all of our interests in the licensing ventures of forever 21 and brooks brothers for additional interests in abg.

●   on june 1, 2021, we and our partner, abg, acquired the licensing rights of eddie bauer. our noncontrolling interest in the licensing venture is 49% and was acquired for cash consideration of $100.8 million.

●   on april 12, 2021, we opened west midlands designer outlet, a 197,000 square foot center in cannock, united kingdom. we own a 23.2% interest in this center.

●   in the first quarter of 2021, we and our partner, abg, both acquired additional 12.5% interests in the licensing and operations of forever 21 for $56.3 million bringing our interest to 50%. subsequently the forever 21 operations were merged into sparc group.

●   on december 29, 2020, we completed the acquisition of an 80% ownership interest in trg.

●   on december 7, 2020, we and a group of co-investors acquired certain assets and liabilities of j.c. penney, a department store retailer, out of bankruptcy. our interest in the venture is 41.67%.

●   on june 23, 2020, we opened siam premium outlets, a 264,000 square foot center in bangkok, thailand. we own a 50% interest in this center.

●   on february 19, 2020 we and a group of co-investors acquired certain assets and liabilities of forever 21, a retailer of apparel and accessories, out of bankruptcy. the interests were acquired through two separate joint ventures, a licensing venture and an operating venture. our interest in each of the retail operations venture and in the licensing venture is 37.5%.

●   on february 13, 2020 through our european investee, we opened malaga designer outlet, a 191,000 square foot center in malaga, spain. we own a 46% interest in this center.

●   in january 2020, we acquired additional interests of 5.05% and 1.37% in sparc group, and abg, respectively.

for the purposes of the following comparisons between the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 and the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, the above transactions are referred to as the property transactions. in the following discussions of our results of operations, "comparable" refers to properties we owned and operated in both years in the year to year comparisons.
year ended december 31, 2022 vs. year ended december 31, 2021
lease income increased $168.5 million, of which the property transactions accounted for a $23.2 million decrease. comparable lease income increased $191.7 million, or 4.1%. total lease income increased primarily due to an increase in fixed lease income of $156.6 million primarily due to an increase in fixed minimum lease consideration, higher occupancy, and an increase in variable lease income of $11.9 million primarily related to higher consideration based on tenant sales.
total other income decreased $4.2 million, primarily due to a decrease in lease settlement income of $38.8 million, a $14.9 million gain from the sale of our interest in a multi-family residential property in 2021, and a $6.8 million non-cash dilution gain on a non-retail investment in 2021, partially offset by an $20.8 million increase in fee and other income, a $17.9 million increase related to simon brand ventures and gift card revenues, a $9.8 million increase related to land sale activity and a $7.8 million increase in interest income.
property operating expenses increased $48.4 million primarily due to the return to a more normalized operating environment following the peak of the covid pandemic.
other expense increased $11.7 million primarily due to an increase in legal fees and foreign currency revaluations.
interest expense decreased $34.5 million primarily related to the early extinguishment of nine secured loans, the disposition of three retail properties, and the refinancing of two retail properties at lower interest rates in 2021, partially
65
offset by the issuances of euro and usd bonds and interest increases due to variable rates in 2022.
during 2021, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $51.8 million as a result of the early redemption of unsecured notes and the payoff of mortgages at nine properties.
during 2022, we recorded a $159.0 million non-cash gain as a result of the sale to abg of all of our interests in the eddie bauer licensing venture for additional interests in abg, partially offset by a loss of $37.8 million on the revaluation or disposal of other investments. during 2021, we recorded a non-cash gain of $159.8 million as a result of the sale to abg of all of our interests in the licensing ventures of forever 21 and brooks brothers for additional interests in abg and a gain on the sale of a portion of our interest in abg of $18.8 million, as discussed further in note 6.
income and other tax expense decreased $73.7 million due to the impact in 2021 on deferred tax expense as a result of the abg transaction noted above, which had a non-cash tax impact of $55.9 million, offset by the impact in 2022 on deferred tax expense of the 2022 abg transaction noted above, which had a non-cash tax impact of $39.7 million, and lower tax expense in 2022 on our share of operating results from our other platform investments.
income from unconsolidated entities decreased $134.9 million primarily due to unfavorable results of operations year over year from our other platform investments of $216.1 million, as well as the reversal in 2021 of a previously established deferred tax liability at klépierre resulting in a non-cash gain, of which our share was $118.4 million, partially offset by favorable year over year results of operations across the properties and trg in 2022.
during 2022, we recorded a $19.9 million gain on the disposition of one unconsolidated property, a $2.1 million gain related to excess insurance proceeds and a $1.3 million gain on the disposition of certain assets by klépierre, partially offset by a $17.7 million loss primarily related to the disposition of one consolidated property. during 2021, we recorded gains of $184.0 million related to the disposition of three consolidated properties, our interest in one unconsolidated property and the impact from the consolidation of one property that was previously unconsolidated, and gains of $21.2 million related to property insurance recoveries of previously depreciated assets.
simon's net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased $6.2 million due to a decrease in the net income of the operating partnership.
year ended december 31, 2021 vs. year ended december 31, 2020
lease income increased $434.4 million, of which the property transactions accounted for a $17.6 million decrease. comparable lease income increased $452.0 million, or 10.6%. total lease income increased primarily due to an increase in variable lease income of $603.8 million primarily related to higher consideration based on tenant sales and lower negative variable lease income due to abatements granted in 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by decreases in fixed minimum lease and cam consideration recorded on a straight-line basis of $169.4 million.
total other income increased $65.3 million, primarily due to an increase in lease settlement income of $39.8 million, a $14.9 million gain on the sale of our interest in a multi-family residential property, an $11.5 million increase related to simon brand ventures and gift card revenues, a $6.8 million increase from the non-cash dilution gain on a non-retail investment, and a $3.3 million net increase in dividend, interest and other income, partially offset by a $7.8 million decrease related to higher land and outparcel sale activity in 2020, and a $3.2 million decrease related to business interruption proceeds received in 2020.
property operating expenses increased $66.6 million primarily due to the reopening of properties that had been closed during 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and the effect of the restrictions intended to prevent its spread and cost reduction efforts, as previously discussed.
repairs and maintenance expenses increased $15.5 million primarily due to the reopening of properties that had been closed during 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and the effect of the restrictions intended to prevent its spread and cost reduction efforts, as previously discussed.
advertising and promotion expenses increased $15.7 million primarily due to the reopening of properties that had been closed during 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and the effect of the restrictions intended to prevent its spread and cost reduction efforts.
general and administrative expense increased $7.8 million primarily due to an increase in compensation.
other expense increased $2.8 million primarily due to an increase in the write-off of development projects we are no longer intending to pursue, partially offset by a decrease related to legal fees.
66
during 2021, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $51.8 million as a result of the early redemption of unsecured notes and the payoff of mortgages at nine properties.
during 2021, we recorded gains on sale or exchange of equity interests of $178.7 million as a result of the contribution to abg of all of our interests in the licensing ventures of forever 21 and brooks brothers in exchange for additional interests in abg and the sale of a portion of our interest in abg, as discussed further in note 6.
income and other tax (expense) benefit increased $161.8 million due to increased deferred tax expense as a result of the abg transactions noted above which had a non-cash tax impact of $55.9 million and $92.1 million related to strong operating performance of our other platform investments as well as earnings from our acquisition of an interest in certain retailers throughout 2020.
income from unconsolidated entities increased $563.0 million primarily due to favorable results of operations from our other platform investments, including earnings from our acquisition of an interest in j.c. penney in the later part of 2020, and international investments which included the reversal of a previously established deferred tax liability at klépierre resulting in a non-cash gain, of which our share was $118.4 million, partially offset by amortization of our excess investment in trg.
during 2021, we recorded gains of $184.0 million related to the disposition of three consolidated properties, our interest in one unconsolidated property and the impact from the consolidation of one property that was previously unconsolidated, and gains of $21.2 million related to property insurance recoveries of previously depreciated assets. during 2020, we recorded $125.6 million of impairment charges related to one consolidated property, an other-than-temporary impairment on our equity investment in three joint venture properties, an other-than-temporary impairment to reduce an investment to its estimated fair value, and a $4.3 million loss, net, related to the impairment and disposition of certain assets by klépierre, partially offset by a $12.3 million gain on the disposal of our interest in one consolidated property, a $1.9 million excess gain on insurance proceeds related to our two properties in puerto rico and a $1.0 million gain related to the disposition of a shopping center by one of our joint venture investments.
simon's net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased $154.3 million due to an increase in the net income of the operating partnership.
liquidity and capital resources because we own long-lived income-producing assets, our financing strategy relies primarily on long-term fixed rate debt. floating rate debt comprised 9.0% of our total consolidated debt at december 31, 2022. we also enter into interest rate protection agreements from time to time to manage our interest rate risk. we derive most of our liquidity from positive net cash flow from operations and distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities that totaled $4.2 billion in the aggregate during 2022. the credit facilities and the commercial paper program provide alternative sources of liquidity as our cash needs vary from time to time. borrowing capacity under these sources may be increased as discussed further below.
our balance of cash and cash equivalents increased $87.7 million during 2022 to $621.6 million as of december 31, 2022 as further discussed below.
on december 31, 2022, we had an aggregate available borrowing capacity of approximately $6.6 billion under the facilities, net of outstanding borrowings of $927.8 million and letters of credit of $10.0 million. for the year ended december 31, 2022, the maximum aggregate outstanding balance under the credit facilities was $1.2 billion and the weighted average outstanding balance was $260.7 million. the weighted average interest rate was 2.15% for the year ended december 31, 2022.
simon has historically had access to public equity markets and the operating partnership has historically had access to private and public, short and long-term unsecured debt markets and access to secured debt and private equity from institutional investors at the property level.
our business model and simon's status as a reit require us to regularly access the debt markets to raise funds for acquisition, development and redevelopment activity, and to refinance maturing debt. simon may also, from time to time, access the equity capital markets to accomplish our business objectives. we believe we have sufficient cash on hand and availability under the credit facilities and the commercial paper program to address our debt maturities and capital needs through 2023.
67
cash flows our net cash flow from operating activities and distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities totaled $4.2 billion during 2022. in addition, we had net repayments of debt from our debt financing and repayment activities of $0.3 billion in 2022. these activities are further discussed below under "financing and debt." during 2022, we also:
●   funded the acquisition of a noncontrolling interest in jamestown for cash consideration of $173.4 million,

●   paid stockholder dividends and unitholder distributions totaling approximately $2.6 billion and preferred unit distributions totaling $5.3 million,

●   funded consolidated capital expenditures of $650.0 million (including development and other costs of $108.2 million, redevelopment and expansion costs of $282.5 million, and tenant costs and other operational capital expenditures of $259.3 million),

●   funded investments in unconsolidated entities of $235.8 million, and

●   funded the repurchase of $180.4 million of simon's common stock.

in general, we anticipate that cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet operating expenses, monthly debt service, recurring capital expenditures, and dividends to stockholders and/or distributions to partners necessary to maintain simon's reit qualification on a long-term basis. in addition, we expect to be able to generate or obtain capital for nonrecurring capital expenditures, such as acquisitions, major building redevelopments and expansions, as well as for scheduled principal maturities on outstanding indebtedness, from the following, however a severe and prolonged disruption and instability in the global financial markets, including the debt and equity capital markets, may affect our ability to access necessary capital:
●   excess cash generated from operating performance and working capital reserves,

●   borrowings on the credit facilities and commercial paper program,

●   additional secured or unsecured debt financing, or

●   additional equity raised in the public or private markets.

we expect to generate positive cash flow from operations in 2023, and we consider these projected cash flows in our sources and uses of cash. these cash flows are principally derived from rents paid by our tenants. a significant deterioration in projected cash flows from operations, could cause us to increase our reliance on available funds from the credit facilities and commercial paper program, further curtail planned capital expenditures, or seek other additional sources of financing.
financing and debt unsecured debt at december 31, 2022, our unsecured debt consisted of $18.6 billion of senior unsecured notes of the operating partnership, $125.0 million outstanding under the credit facility, and $802.8 million (u.s. dollar equivalent) of euro-denominated borrowings outstanding under the supplemental facility.
the credit facility also included an additional single, delayed-draw $2.0 billion term loan facility, or term facility, or together with the credit facility and the supplemental facility, the credit facilities, which the operating partnership drew on december 15, 2020, and repaid in 2021.
the credit facility can be increased in the form of additional commitments in an aggregate not to exceed $1.0 billion, for a total aggregate size of $5.0 billion, subject to obtaining additional lender commitments and satisfying certain customary conditions precedent. borrowings may be denominated in u.s. dollars, euro, yen, pounds, sterling, canadian dollars and australian dollars. borrowings in currencies other than the u.s. dollar are limited to 95% of the maximum revolving credit amount, as defined. the initial maturity date of the credit facility is june 30, 2024. the credit facility can be extended for two additional six-month periods to june 30, 2025, at our sole option, subject to satisfying certain customary conditions precedent.
borrowings under the credit facility bear interest, at our election, at either (i) (x) for term benchmark loans, the adjusted term sofr rate, the applicable local rate, the adjusted euribor rate, or the adjusted tibor rate, (y) for
68
rfr loans, if denominated in sterling, sonia plus a benchmark adjustment and if denominated in dollars, daily simple sofr plus a benchmark adjustment, or (z) for daily sofr loans, the adjusted floating overnight daily sofr rate, in each case of clauses (x) through (z) above, plus a margin determined by our corporate credit rating of between 0.650% and 1.400% or (ii) for loans denominated in u.s. dollars only, the base rate (which rate is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.500% or adjusted term sofr rate for one month plus 1.000%) (the "base rate"), plus a margin determined by our corporate credit rating of between 0.000% and 0.400%. the credit facility includes a facility fee determined by our corporate credit rating of between 0.100% and 0.300% on the aggregate revolving commitments under the credit facility. based upon our current credit ratings, the interest rate on the credit facility is sofr plus 72.5 basis points, plus a spread adjustment to account for the transition from libor to sofr.
the supplemental facility's borrowing capacity of $3.5 billion may be increased to $4.5 billion during its term and provides for borrowings denominated in u.s. dollars, euro, yen, pounds, sterling, canadian dollars and australian dollars. borrowings in currencies other than the u.s. dollar are limited to 100% of the maximum revolving credit amount, as defined. the initial maturity date of the supplemental facility is january 31, 2026 and can be extended for an additional year to january 31, 2027 at our sole option, subject to satisfying certain customary conditions precedent.
borrowings under the supplemental facility bear interest, at our election, at either (i) (x) for term benchmark loans, the adjusted term sofr rate, the applicable local rate, the adjusted euribor rate, or the adjusted tibor rate, (y) for rfr loans, if denominated in sterling, sonia plus a benchmark adjustment and if denominated in dollars, daily simple sofr plus a benchmark adjustment, or (z) for daily sofr loans, the adjusted floating overnight daily sofr rate, in each case of clauses (x) through (z) above, plus a margin determined by our corporate credit rating of between 0.650% and 1.400% or (ii) for loans denominated in u.s. dollars only, the base rate (which rate is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.500% or adjusted term sofr rate for one month plus 1.000%) (the "base rate"), plus a margin determined by our corporate credit rating of between 0.000% and 0.400%. the supplemental facility includes a facility fee determined by our corporate credit rating of between 0.100% and 0.300% on the aggregate revolving commitments under the supplemental facility. based upon our current credit ratings, the interest rate on the supplemental facility is sofr plus 72.5 basis points, plus a spread adjustment to account for the transition from libor to sofr.
on december 31, 2022 we had an aggregate available borrowing capacity of $6.6 billion under the facilities. the maximum aggregate outstanding balance under the facilities during the year ended december 31, 2022 was $1.2 billion and the weighted average outstanding balance was $260.7 million. letters of credit of $10.0 million were outstanding under the facilities as of december 31, 2022.
the operating partnership also has available a commercial paper program of $2.0 billion, or the non-u.s. dollar equivalent thereof. the operating partnership may issue unsecured commercial paper notes, denominated in u.s. dollars, euro and other currencies. notes issued in non-u.s. currencies may be issued by one or more subsidiaries of the operating partnership and are guaranteed by the operating partnership. notes will be sold under customary terms in the u.s. and euro commercial paper note markets and rank (either by themselves or as a result of the guarantee described above) pari passu with the operating partnership's other unsecured senior indebtedness. the commercial paper program is supported by the credit facilities, and if necessary or appropriate, we may make one or more draws under either of the credit facilities to pay amounts outstanding from time to time on the commercial paper program. on december 31, 2022, we had no outstanding balance under the commercial paper program. borrowings under the commercial paper program reduce amounts otherwise available under the credit facilities.
on january 21, 2021 the operating partnership completed the issuance of the following senior unsecured notes: $800 million with a fixed interest rate of 1.750%, and $700 million with a fixed interest rate of 2.20%, with maturity dates of february 2028 and 2031, respectively.
on january 27, 2021 the operating partnership completed the planned optional redemption of its $550 million 2.50% notes due on july 15, 2021, including the make-whole amount. further, on february 2, 2021 the operating partnership repaid $750 million under the term facility.
on march 19, 2021, the operating partnership completed the issuance of €750 million ($893.0 million u.s. dollar equivalent as of the issuance date) of senior unsecured notes at a fixed rate of 1.125% with a maturity date of march 19, 2033, the proceeds of which were used on march 23, 2021 to repay the remaining $1.25 billion under the term facility reducing it to zero.
69
on august 18, 2021, the operating partnership completed the issuance of the following senior unsecured notes: $550 million with a fixed interest rate of 1.375%, and $700 million with a fixed interest rate of 2.250%, with maturity dates of january 15, 2027, and 2032, respectively.
in the third quarter of 2021, the operating partnership completed the optional redemption of all of its outstanding $550 million 2.350% notes due on january 30, 2022, $600 million 2.625% notes due on june 15, 2022, and $500 million 2.750% notes due on february 1, 2023. we recorded a $28.6 million loss on extinguishment of debt as a result on the optional redemptions.
on december 14, 2021, the operating partnership drew $1.05 billion under the supplemental facility, the proceeds of which funded the early extinguishment of 9 mortgages with a principal balance of $1.16 billion. we recorded a $20.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt as a result of this transaction.
on january 11, 2022, the operating partnership completed the issuance of the following senior unsecured notes: $500 million with a floating interest rate of sofr plus 43 basis points, and $700 million with a fixed interest rate of 2.650%, with maturity dates of january 11, 2024 and february 1, 2032, respectively. the proceeds were used to repay $1.05 billion outstanding under the supplemental facility on january 12, 2022.
on november 16, 2022, the operating partnership drew €750.0 million ($779.0 million u.s. dollar equivalent) under the supplemental facility and used the proceeds on november 17, 2022 to repay €750.0 million ($777.1 million u.s. dollar equivalent) of senior unsecured notes at maturity.
subsequent to december 31, 2022, the operating partnership completed interest rate swap agreements with a combined notional value at €750.0 million to swap the interest rate of the euro denominated borrowings outstanding under the supplemental facility to an all-in fixed rate of 3.81%. this interest rate swap matures on january 17, 2024.
mortgage debt total mortgage indebtedness was $5.5 billion and $5.4 billion at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
covenants our unsecured debt agreements contain financial covenants and other non-financial covenants. if we were to fail to comply with these covenants, after the expiration of the applicable cure periods, the debt maturity could be accelerated or other remedies could be sought by the lender, including adjustments to the applicable interest rate. as of december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants of our unsecured debt.
at december 31, 2022, our consolidated subsidiaries were the borrowers under 38 non-recourse mortgage notes secured by mortgages on 41 properties and other assets, including two separate pools of cross-defaulted and cross-collateralized mortgages encumbering a total of five properties. under these cross-default provisions, a default under any mortgage included in the cross-defaulted pool may constitute a default under all mortgages within that pool and may lead to acceleration of the indebtedness due on each property within the pool. certain of our secured debt instruments contain financial and other non-financial covenants which are specific to the properties that serve as collateral for that debt. if the applicable borrower under these non-recourse mortgage notes were to fail to comply with these covenants, the lender could accelerate the debt and enforce its rights against their collateral. at december 31, 2022, the applicable borrowers under these non-recourse mortgage notes were in compliance with all covenants where non-compliance could individually or in the aggregate, giving effect to applicable cross-default provisions, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations.
70
summary of financing our consolidated debt, adjusted to reflect outstanding derivative instruments, and the effective weighted average interest rates as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):

effective                                         effective adjusted balance           weighted               adjusted                   weighted as of                      average                balance as of              average debt subject to       december 31, 2022          interest rate(1)       december 31, 2021          interest rate(1)
fixed rate            $22,673,703                3.15%                  $23,364,566                2.99%
variable rate                    2,286,583       3.93%                             1,956,456       1.22%
$24,960,286                3.22%                  $25,321,022                2.86%
(1)   effective weighted average interest rate excludes the impact of net discounts and debt issuance costs.

contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in regards to long-term debt arrangements, the following table summarizes the material aspects of these future obligations on our consolidated indebtedness as of december 31, 2022, and subsequent years thereafter (dollars in thousands) assuming the obligations remain outstanding through initial maturities:

2023                              2024-2025             2026-2027       after 2027              total long term debt (1)                                          $1,342,656              $5,988,390            $7,202,582       $10,501,408             $25,035,036
interest payments (2)                                          803,119               1,343,300               870,646               3,527,289               6,544,353
consolidated capital expenditure commitments (3)               192,707                       -                     -               -                         192,707
lease commitments (4)                                           33,163                  61,443                61,510               828,521                   984,637
(1)   represents principal maturities only and, therefore, excludes net discounts and debt issuance costs.

(2)   variable rate interest payments are estimated based on the libor or other applicable rate at december 31, 2022.

(3)   represents contractual commitments for capital projects and services at december 31, 2022. our share of estimated 2023 development, redevelopment and expansion activity is further discussed below under "development activity".

(4)   represents only the minimum non-cancellable lease period, excluding applicable lease extension and renewal options, unless reasonably certain of exercise.

our off-balance sheet arrangements consist primarily of our investments in joint ventures which are common in the real estate industry and are described in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. our joint ventures typically fund their cash needs through secured non-recourse debt financings obtained by and in the name of the joint venture entity. the joint venture debt is secured by a first mortgage, is without recourse to the joint venture partners, and does not represent a liability of the partners, except to the extent the partners or their affiliates expressly guarantee the joint venture debt. as of december 31, 2022, the operating partnership guaranteed joint venture-related mortgage indebtedness of $128.0 million. mortgages guaranteed by the operating partnership are secured by the property of the joint venture which could be sold in order to satisfy the outstanding obligation and which has an estimated fair value in excess of the guaranteed amount. we may elect to fund cash needs of a joint venture through equity contributions (generally on a basis proportionate to our ownership interests), advances or partner loans, although such fundings are not required contractually or otherwise.
hurricane impacts as discussed further in note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, during the third quarter of 2017, two of our wholly-owned properties located in puerto rico sustained significant property damage and business interruption as a result of hurricane maria.
since the date of the loss, we have received $84.0 million of insurance proceeds from third-party carriers related to the two properties located in puerto rico, of which $48.3 million was used for property restoration and remediation and to reduce the insurance recovery receivable. during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, we recorded $2.1 million
71
and $5.2 million, respectively, as business interruption income, which was recorded in other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.
during the third quarter of 2020, one of our properties located in texas experienced property damage and business interruption as a result of hurricane hanna. we wrote-off assets of approximately $9.6 million, and recorded an insurance recovery receivable, and have received $14.0 million of insurance proceeds from third-party carriers. the proceeds were used for property restoration and remediation and reduced the insurance recovery receivable. during the year ended december 31, 2021, we recorded a $3.5 million gain related to property insurance recovery of previously depreciated assets. this amount was recorded in gain (loss) on acquisition of controlling interest, sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net.
during the third quarter of 2020, one of our properties located in louisiana experienced property damage and business interruption as a result of hurricane laura. we wrote-off assets of approximately $11.1 million and recorded an insurance recovery receivable, and have received $27.5 million of insurance proceeds from third-party carriers. the proceeds were used for property restoration and remediation and reduced the insurance recovery receivable. during the year ended december 31, 2021, we recorded a $17.5 million gain related to property insurance recovery of previously depreciated assets. this amount was recorded in gain (loss) on acquisition of controlling interest, sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net.
acquisitions and dispositions buy-sell, marketing rights, and other exit mechanisms are common in real estate partnership agreements. most of our partners are institutional investors who have a history of direct investment in retail real estate. we and our partners in our joint venture properties may initiate these provisions (subject to any applicable lock up or similar restrictions). if we determine it is in our best interests for us to purchase the joint venture interest and we believe we have adequate liquidity to execute the purchase without hindering our cash flows, then we may initiate these provisions or elect to buy our partner's interest. if we decide to sell any of our joint venture interests, we expect to use the net proceeds to reduce outstanding indebtedness or to reinvest in development, redevelopment, or expansion opportunities.
acquisitions. on june 17, 2022, we acquired an additional interest in gloucester premium outlets from a joint venture partner for $14.0 million in cash consideration, including a pro-rata share of working capital, resulting in the consolidation of this property. the property is subject to an $85.7 million 3.29% variable rate mortgage loan. we accounted for this transaction as an asset acquisition and substantially all of our investment has been determined to relate to investment property.
the company sponsored, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, a special purpose acquisition corporation, or spac, named simon property group acquisition holdings, inc. on february 18, 2021 the spac announced the pricing of its initial public offering, which was consummated on february 23, 2021, generating gross proceeds of $345.0 million. the spac was a consolidated vie which was formed for the purpose of effecting a business combination and was targeting innovative businesses that operate within simon's "live, work, play, stay, shop" ecosystem.
in january 2020, we acquired additional interests of 5.05% and 1.37% in sparc group and abg, respectively, for $6.7 million and $33.5 million, respectively. during the third quarter of 2020, sparc acquired certain assets and operations of brooks brothers and lucky brands out of bankruptcy. at september 30, 2020, our noncontrolling equity method interests in the operations venture of sparc group and in abg were 50.0% and 6.8%, respectively.
dispositions. we may continue to pursue the disposition of properties that no longer meet our strategic criteria or that are not a primary retail venue within their trade area.
in december 2022, the spac was liquidated and dissolved. in connection with this event, we recorded a loss of $10.2 million, representing our sponsor investment in the spac.
during 2022, we disposed of our interest in one consolidated retail property. the proceeds from this transaction were $59.0 million, resulting in a loss of $15.6 million. we also recorded a non-cash gain of $19.9 million related to the disposition of one unconsolidated retail property in satisfaction of its $99.6 million non-recourse mortgage loan. these are included in a gain on acquisitions of controlling interest, sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interest in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income.
during 2021, we recorded net gains of $176.8 million primarily related to disposition activity which included the foreclosure of three consolidated retail properties in satisfaction of their respective $180.0 million, $120.9 million and $100.0
72
million non-recourse mortgage loans. we also disposed of our interest in an unconsolidated property resulting in a gain of $3.4 million.
joint venture formation activity and other investment activity on december 19, 2022, we completed the acquisition of a 50% noncontrolling legal ownership interest in jamestown, a global real estate investment and asset management company, as well as separate interests in certain real estate and working capital, for total cash consideration of $173.4 million.
during the fourth quarter of 2022, we sold to abg our interests in the licensing venture of eddie bauer for additional interests in abg. as a result, in the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized a non-cash pre-tax gain of $159.0 million, representing the difference between the fair value of the interests received and the $98.8 million carrying value of the intellectual property licensing venture less costs to sell. on july 1, 2021, we sold to abg all of our interests in both the forever 21 and brooks brothers licensing ventures for additional interests in abg. as a result, in the third quarter of 2021, we recognized a non-cash pre-tax gain of $159.8 million, representing the difference between the fair value of the interests received and the $102.7 million carrying value of the intellectual property licensing ventures less costs to sell. on december 20, 2021, we sold a portion of our interest in abg, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $18.8 million. in connection with this transaction, we recorded tax expense of $8.0 million which is included in income and other tax (expense) benefit in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. subsequently, we acquired additional interests in abg for cash consideration of $100.0 million. at december 31, 2022, our interest in abg was approximately 12.3%.
during the first quarter of 2022, sparc group acquired certain assets and operations of reebok and entered into a long-term strategic partnership with abg to become the core licensee and operating partner for reebok in the united states.
on june 1, 2021, we and our partner, abg, acquired the intellectual property of eddie bauer. our noncontrolling interest in the licensing venture is 49% and was acquired for cash consideration of $100.8 million.
in the first quarter of 2021, we and our partner, abg, each acquired additional 12.5% interests in the licensing and operations of forever 21, our share of which was $56.3 million, bringing our interest to 50%. subsequently the forever 21 operations were merged into sparc group.
on december 29, 2020, we completed the acquisition of an 80% ownership interest in trg, which has an ownership interest in 24 regional, super-regional, and outlet malls in the u.s. and asia. under the terms of the transaction, we, through the operating partnership, acquired all of taubman centers, inc. common stock for $43.00 per share in cash. total consideration for the acquisition, including the redemption of taubman's $192.5 million 6.5% series j cumulative preferred shares and its $170.0 million 6.25% series k cumulative preferred shares, and the issuance of 955,705 operating partnership units, was approximately $3.5 billion. our investment includes the 6.38% series a cumulative redeemable preferred units for $362.5 million issued to us.
on december 7, 2020, we and a group of co-investors acquired certain assets and liabilities of j.c. penney, a department store retailer, out of bankruptcy. our noncontrolling interest in the venture is 41.67% and was acquired for cash consideration of $125.0 million.
on february 19, 2020, we and a group of co-investors acquired certain assets and liabilities of forever 21, a retailer of apparel and accessories, out of bankruptcy. the interests were acquired through two separate joint ventures, a licensing venture and an operating venture. our noncontrolling interest in each of the retail operations venture and in the licensing venture is 37.5%. our aggregate investment in the ventures was $67.6 million. in connection with the acquisition of our interest, the forever 21 joint venture recorded a non-cash bargain purchase gain of which our share of $35.0 million pre-tax is included in income from unconsolidated entities in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income.
during 2020, we disposed of our interest in one consolidated retail property. a portion of the gross proceeds on this transaction of $33.4 million was used to partially repay a cross-collateralized mortgage. our share of the $12.3 million gain is included in (loss) gain on sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income.
development activity we routinely incur costs related to construction for significant redevelopment and expansion projects at our properties. redevelopment and expansion projects, including the addition of anchors, big box tenants, and restaurants are underway at several properties in north america, europe, and asia.
73
construction continues on certain redevelopment and new development projects in the u.s. and internationally that are nearing completion. our share of the costs of all new development, redevelopment and expansion projects currently under construction is approximately $980 million. simon's share of remaining net cash funding required to complete the new development and redevelopment projects currently under construction is approximately $239 million. we expect to fund these capital projects with cash flows from operations. we seek a stabilized return on invested capital in the range of 7-10% for all of our new development, expansion and redevelopment projects.
summary of capital expenditures. the following table summarizes total capital expenditures on consolidated properties on a cash basis (in millions):

2022                 2021          2020
new developments                          $108           $96           $27
redevelopments and expansions              283           300           399
tenant allowances                          207           127            53
operational capital expenditures            52             5             5
total                                     $650          $528          $484
international development activity we typically reinvest net cash flow from our international joint ventures to fund future international development activity. we believe this strategy mitigates some of the risk of our initial investment and our exposure to changes in foreign currencies. we have also funded most of our foreign investments with local currency-denominated borrowings that act as a natural hedge against fluctuations in exchange rates. our consolidated net income exposure to changes in the volatility of the euro, yen, peso, won, and other foreign currencies is not material. we expect our share of estimated committed capital for international development projects to be completed with projected delivery in 2023 or 2024 is $199 million, primarily funded through reinvested joint venture cash flow and construction loans.
the following table describes recently completed and new development and expansion projects as well as our share of the estimated total cost as of december 31, 2022 (in millions):

gross             our              our share of                our share of                projected/actual leasable          ownership        projected net cost          projected net cost          opening property                              location                        area (sqft)       percentage       (in local currency)         (in usd) (1)                date new development projects:
fukaya-hanazono premium outlets       fukaya city, japan              296,300           40%              jpy         6,153           $46.9                       opened oct. - 2022
paris-giverny designer outlet         vernon (normandy), france       228,000           74%              eur         128.9           $137.9                      apr. - 2023
expansion:
busan premium outlet phase 2          busan, south korea              194,000           50%              krw         72,933          $57.8                       oct. - 2024
(1)   usd equivalent based upon december 31, 2022 foreign currency exchange rates.

dividends, distributions and stock repurchase program simon paid a common stock dividend of $1.80 per share in the fourth quarter of 2022 and $6.90 per share for the year ended december 31, 2022. the operating partnership paid distributions per unit for the same amounts. in 2021, simon paid dividends of $1.65 and $7.15 per share for the three and twelve month periods ended december 31, 2021, respectively. the operating partnership paid distributions per unit for the same amounts. on february 6, 2023, simon's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend for the first quarter of 2023 of $1.80 per share, payable on march 31, 2023 to shareholders of record on march 10, 2023. the distribution rate on units is equal to the dividend rate on common stock. in order to maintain its status as a reit, simon must pay a minimum amount of dividends. simon's future dividends and the operating partnership's future distributions will be determined by simon's board of directors, in its sole discretion, based on actual and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, cash available for dividends and limited partner distributions, cash reserves as deemed necessary for capital and operating expenditures, financing covenants, if any, and the amount required to maintain simon's status as a reit.
on may 9, 2022, simon's board of directors authorized a common stock repurchase plan. under the plan, simon may repurchase up to $2.0 billion of its common stock during the two-year period commencing on may 16, 2022 and ending
74
on may 16, 2024 in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions as market conditions warrant. during the year ended december 31, 2022, simon purchased 1,830,022 shares at an average price of $98.57 per share. as simon repurchases shares under this program, the operating partnership repurchases an equal number of units from simon.
on february 11, 2019, simon's board of directors authorized a common stock repurchase plan. under the plan, simon was authorized to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of its common stock during the two-year period ending february 11, 2021 in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions as market conditions warranted. during the year ended december 31, 2020, simon purchased 1,245,654 shares at an average price of $122.50 per share. as simon repurchased shares under this program, the operating partnership repurchased an equal number of units from simon.
forward-looking statements certain statements made in this press release may be deemed "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. although the company believes the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, the company can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained, and it is possible that the company's actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. such factors include, but are not limited to: changes in economic and market conditions that may adversely affect the general retail environment, including but not limited to those caused by inflation, recessionary pressures, wars, such as in ukraine, and supply chain disruptions; the inability to renew leases and relet vacant space at existing properties on favorable terms; the potential loss of anchor stores or major tenants; the inability to collect rent due to the bankruptcy or insolvency of tenants or otherwise; an increase in vacant space at our properties; the potential for violence, civil unrest, criminal activity or terrorist activities at our properties; natural disasters; the availability of comprehensive insurance coverage; the intensely competitive market environment in the retail industry, including e-commerce; security breaches that could compromise our information technology or infrastructure; the increased focus on esg metrics and reporting; environmental liabilities; our international activities subjecting us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations, including changes in foreign exchange rates; our continued ability to maintain our status as a reit; changes in tax laws or regulations that result in adverse tax consequences; risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment, expansion, leasing and management of properties; the inability to lease newly developed properties on favorable terms; the loss of key management personnel; uncertainties regarding the impact of pandemics, epidemics or public health crises, and the associated governmental restrictions on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and liquidity; changes in market rates of interest; the impact of our substantial indebtedness on our future operations, including covenants in the governing agreements that impose restrictions on us that may affect our ability to operate freely; any disruption in the financial markets that may adversely affect our ability to access capital for growth and satisfy our ongoing debt service requirements; any change in our credit rating; risks relating to our joint venture properties, including guarantees of certain joint venture indebtedness; and general risks related to real estate investments, including the illiquidity of real estate investments. the company discusses these and other risks and uncertainties under the heading "risk factors" in part 1, item 1a of the annual report on form 10-k. the company may update that discussion in subsequent other periodic reports, but except as required by law, the company undertakes no duty or obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise.
non-gaap financial measures industry practice is to evaluate real estate properties in part based on performance measures such as ffo, comparable ffo, diluted ffo per share, noi, and portfolio noi. we believe that these non-gaap measures are helpful to investors because they are widely recognized measures of the performance of reits and provide a relevant basis for comparison among reits. we also use these measures internally to measure the operating performance of our portfolio.
we determine ffo based upon the definition set forth by the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") funds from operations white paper - 2018 restatement. our main business includes acquiring, owning, operating, developing, and redeveloping real estate in conjunction with the rental of real estate. gains and losses of assets incidental to our main business are included in ffo. we determine ffo to be our share of consolidated net income computed in accordance with gaap:
●   excluding real estate related depreciation and amortization,

●   excluding gains and losses from extraordinary items,

●   excluding gains and losses from the sale, disposal or property insurance recoveries of, or any impairment related to, depreciable retail operating properties,

75
●   plus the allocable portion of ffo of unconsolidated joint ventures based upon economic ownership interest, and

●   all determined on a consistent basis in accordance with gaap.

you should understand that our computations of these non-gaap measures might not be comparable to similar measures reported by other reits and that these non-gaap measures:
●   do not represent cash flow from operations as defined by gaap,

●   should not be considered as an alternative to net income determined in accordance with gaap as a measure of operating performance, and

●   are not an alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity.

the following schedule reconciles total ffo and comparable ffo to consolidated net income and, for simon, diluted net income per share to diluted ffo per share.

2022                    2021                    2020
(in thousands)
consolidated net income                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $2,452,385              $2,568,707              $1,277,324
adjustments to arrive at ffo:
depreciation and amortization from consolidated properties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1,214,441               1,254,039               1,308,419
our share of depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated entities, including klépierre, trg and other corporate investments (a)                                                                                                                                                          845,784                 887,390                 536,133
(gain) loss on acquisition of controlling interest, sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net                                                                                                                                   (5,647)               (206,855)                 114,960
unrealized losses in fair value of publicly traded equity instruments, net, excluded from ffo (b)                                                                                                                                                                                                    -                   3,177                  19,632
net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest holders in properties                                                                                                                                                                                                                (2,738)                   6,053                   4,378
noncontrolling interests portion of depreciation and amortization, gain on consolidation of properties, and gain on disposal of properties                                                                                                                                                    (18,234)                (20,295)                (18,631)
preferred distributions and dividends                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          (5,252)                 (5,252)                 (5,252)
ffo of the operating partnership                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $4,480,739              $4,486,964              $3,236,963
unrealized losses in fair value of publicly traded equity instruments, net, included in ffo (b)                                                                                                                                                                                                 61,204                   4,918       $-
non-cash gain related to the reversal of a deferred tax liability within an international investment                                                                                                                                                                                                 -               (118,428)                       -
gain on disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests, net (after tax)                                                                                                                                                                                                               (88,314)               (122,763)                       -
debt related charges                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 -                  51,841                       -
comparable ffo of the operating partnership                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $4,453,629              $4,302,532              $3,236,963
ffo allocable to limited partners                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              564,946                 564,407                 424,063
dilutive ffo allocable to common stockholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $3,915,793              $3,922,557              $2,812,900
diluted net income per share to diluted ffo per share reconciliation:
diluted net income per share                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $6.52                   $6.84                   $3.59
depreciation and amortization from consolidated properties and our share of depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated entities, including klépierre, trg and other corporate investments, net of noncontrolling interests portion of depreciation and amortization (a)       5.44                    5.64                    5.14
(gain) loss on acquisition of controlling interest, sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net                                                                                                                                    (0.01)                  (0.55)       0.32
unrealized losses in fair value of publicly traded equity instruments, net, excluded from ffo (b)                                                                                                                                                                                                    -                    0.01                    0.06
diluted ffo per share                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $11.95                  $11.94                  $9.11
unrealized losses in fair value of publicly traded equity instruments, net, included in ffo (b)                                                                                                                                                                                                   0.16                    0.01       $-
non-cash gain related to the reversal of a deferred tax liability within an international investment                                                                                                                                                                                                 -                  (0.32)                       -
gain on disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests, net (after tax)                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (0.24)                  (0.33)                       -
debt related charges                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 -                    0.14                       -
comparable ffo per share                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             $11.87                  $11.44                  $9.11
basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          327,817                 328,587                 308,738
weighted average limited partnership units outstanding                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          47,295                  47,280                  46,544
basic and diluted weighted average shares and units outstanding                                                                                                                                                                                                                                375,112                 375,867                 355,282
(a)   the twelve months ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 include amortization of our excess investment in trg of $195.3 million and $201.7 million, respectively. the three months ended december 31, 2021 includes $56.6 million of additional amortization expense related to the nine months ended september 30, 2021 as a result of the finalization of purchase accounting.

(b)   unrealized losses in fair value of publicly traded equity instruments, net, excluded from ffo relate to mark-to-market adjustments of retail real estate. unrealized losses in fair value of publicly traded equity instruments, net, included in ffo relate to mark-to-market adjustments of non-retail real estate.

76
the following schedule reconciles consolidated net income to our beneficial share of noi.

for the year ended december 31,
2022                      2021
(in thousands)
reconciliation of noi of consolidated entities:
consolidated net income                                                                                                                                     $2,452,385                  $2,568,707
income and other tax expense                                                                                                                                             83,512                     157,199
gain on disposal, exchange, or revaluation of equity interests, net                                                                                                   (121,177)                   (178,672)
interest expense                                                                                                                                                        761,253                     795,712
income from unconsolidated entities                                                                                                                                   (647,977)                   (782,837)
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                                                                                               --                      51,841
unrealized losses in fair value of publicly traded equity instruments, net                                                                                               61,204                       8,095
gain on acquisition of controlling interest, sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net                   (5,647)                   (206,855)
operating income before other items                                                                                                                                   2,583,553                   2,413,190
depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                         1,227,371                   1,262,715
home and regional office costs                                                                                                                                          184,592                     184,660
general and administrative                                                                                                                                               34,971                      30,339
other expenses (1)                                                                                                                                                       13,413                      19,811
noi of consolidated entities                                                                                                                                $4,043,900                  $3,910,715
less: noncontrolling interest partners share of noi                                                                                                                    (27,685)                    (20,720)
beneficial noi of consolidated entities                                                                                                                     $4,016,215                  $3,889,995
reconciliation of noi of unconsolidated entities:
net income                                                                                                                                                  $807,435                    $668,061
interest expense                                                                                                                                                        599,245                     605,591
gain on sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities, net                                                                      (50,336)                    (34,814)
operating income before other items                                                                                                                                   1,356,344                   1,238,838
depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                           666,762                     686,790
other expenses (1)                                                                                                                                                        1,309                      26,013
noi of unconsolidated entities                                                                                                                              $2,024,415                  $1,951,641
less: joint venture partners share of noi                                                                                                                           (1,059,095)                 (1,021,839)
beneficial noi of unconsolidated entities                                                                                                                   $965,320                    $929,802
add: beneficial interest of noi from trg                                                                                                                                474,214                     430,965
add: beneficial interest of noi from other platform investments and investments                                                                                         604,750                     743,213
beneficial interest of combined noi                                                                                                                         $6,060,499                  $5,993,975
less: beneficial interest of corporate and other noi sources (2)                                                                                                        138,315                     230,046
less: beneficial interest of noi from other platform investments (3)                                                                                                    355,019                     533,299
less: beneficial interest of noi from investments (4)                                                                                                                   230,984                     182,422
beneficial interest of portfolio noi                                                                                                                        $5,336,181                  $5,048,208
beneficial interest of portfolio noi change                                                                                                                                 5.7   %
(1)   represents the write-off of pre-development costs, our beneficial interest of which was $11.4 million and $18.3 million with respect to consolidated entities and $0.4 million and $13.0 million with respect to our share of unconsolidated entities, for the year ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

(2)   includes income components excluded from portfolio noi and domestic property noi (domestic lease termination income, interest income, land sale gains, straight line lease income, above/below market lease adjustments), simon management company revenues, foreign exchange impact, and other assets.

(3)   other platform investments include j.c. penney, sparc, abg, and rgg.

(4)   includes our share of noi of klépierre (at constant currency) and other corporate investments.

77
