item 1a. risk factors we are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, many of which are described below and elsewhere in this annual report. any of the events described below could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. additional risks and uncertainties that we are not aware of, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, could also impact our business and results of operations.
risks related to business operations a significant portion of our revenue is produced by facilities located in texas, nevada and california.
texas: we own 7 inpatient acute care hospitals, 12 free-standing emergency departments and 21 inpatient behavioral healthcare facilities as listed in item 2. properties. on a combined basis, these facilities contributed 17% and 16% of our consolidated net revenues during 2022 and 2021, respectively. on a combined basis, after deducting an allocation for corporate overhead expense, these facilities generated 27% in 2022 and 13% in 2021, of our income from operations after net income attributable to noncontrolling interest.
nevada: we own 10 inpatient acute care hospitals, 5 free-standing emergency departments, 1 acute outpatient center and 3 inpatient behavioral healthcare facilities as listed in item 2. properties. on a combined basis, these facilities contributed 17% and 18% of our consolidated net revenues during 2022 and 2021, respectively. on a combined basis, after deducting an allocation for corporate overhead expense, these facilities generated 14% in 2022 and 24% in 2021, of our income from operations after net income attributable to noncontrolling interest. excluding the impact of the $57.6 million provision for asset impairment recorded during 2022, as discussed in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - provision for asset impairments, after deducting an allocation for corporate overhead expense, these facilities generated 18% of our income from operations after net income attributable to noncontrolling interest during 2022.
california: we own 5 inpatient acute care hospitals, 2 acute outpatient centers, 8 inpatient behavioral healthcare facilities and 3 behavioral healthcare outpatient facilities as listed in item 2. properties. on a combined basis, these facilities contributed 11% of our consolidated net revenues during each of 2022 and 2021. on a combined basis, after deducting an allocation for corporate overhead expense, these facilities generated 15% in 2022 and 14% in 2021, of our income from operations after net income attributable to noncontrolling interest.
our revenues and results of operations are significantly affected by payments received from the government and other third party payers.
we derive a significant portion of our revenue from third-party payers, including the medicare and medicaid programs. changes in these government programs in recent years have resulted in limitations on reimbursement and, in some cases, reduced levels of reimbursement for healthcare services. payments from federal and state government programs are subject to statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations and determinations, requirements for utilization review, and federal and state funding restrictions, all of which could materially increase or decrease program payments, as well as affect the cost of providing service to patients and the timing of payments to facilities. we are unable to predict the effect of recent and future policy changes on our operations. in addition, the uncertainty and fiscal pressures placed upon federal and state governments as a result of, among other things, deterioration in general economic conditions and the funding requirements from the federal healthcare reform legislation, may affect the availability of taxpayer funds for medicare and medicaid programs. in addition, the vast majority of the net revenues generated at our behavioral health facilities located in the united kingdom are derived from governmental payers. if the rates paid or the scope of services covered by governmental payers in the united states or united kingdom are reduced, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
we receive annual medicaid revenues of approximately $100 million, or greater, from each of texas, california, nevada, illinois, pennsylvania, washington, d.c., florida, kentucky and massachusetts. we also receive medicaid disproportionate share hospital payments from certain states including, most significantly, texas. we are therefore particularly sensitive to potential reductions in medicaid and other state-based revenue programs as well as regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive changes in those states.
in addition to changes in government reimbursement programs, our ability to negotiate favorable contracts with private payers, including managed care organizations, significantly affects the revenues and operating results of our hospitals. private payers, including managed care organizations, increasingly are demanding that we accept lower rates of payment.
we expect continued third-party efforts to aggressively manage reimbursement levels and cost controls. reductions in reimbursement amounts received from third-party payers could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and our results of operations.
if we are not able to provide high quality medical care at a reasonable price, patients may choose to receive their health care from our competitors.
in recent years, the number of quality measures that hospitals are required to report publicly has increased. centers for medicare and medicaid services ("cms") publishes performance data related to quality measures and data on patient satisfaction surveys that hospitals submit in connection with the medicare program. federal law provides for the future expansion of the number of quality measures that must be reported. additionally, the patient protection and affordable care act (the "legislation") requires all hospitals to annually establish, update and make public a list of their standard charges for products and services. also, the no surprises act, adopted as part of the consolidated appropriations act, 2021 ("caa"), creates additional price transparency requirements beginning january 1, 2022, including requiring providers to send health plans of insured patients and uninsured patients a good faith estimate of the expected charges and diagnostic codes prior to the scheduled date of the service or item. if any of our hospitals achieve poor results on the quality measures or patient satisfaction surveys (or results that are lower than our competitors) or if our standard charges are higher than our competitors, our patient volume could decline because patients may elect to use competing hospitals or other health care providers that have better metrics and pricing. this circumstance could harm our business and results of operations.
an increase in uninsured and underinsured patients in our acute care facilities or the deterioration in the collectability of the accounts of such patients could harm our results of operations.
collection of receivables from third-party payers and patients is our primary source of cash and is critical to our operating performance. our primary collection risks relate to uninsured patients and the portion of the bill that is the patient's responsibility, which primarily includes co-payments and deductibles. however, we also have substantial receivables due to us from certain state-based funding programs. we estimate our provisions for doubtful accounts based on general factors such as payer mix, the agings of the receivables, historical collection experience and assessment of probability of future collections. we routinely review accounts receivable balances in conjunction with these factors and other economic conditions that might ultimately affect the collectability of the patient accounts and make adjustments to our allowances as warranted. significant changes in business office operations, payer mix, economic conditions or trends in federal and state governmental health coverage could affect our collection of accounts receivable, cash flow and results of operations. if we experience unexpected increases in the growth of uninsured and underinsured patients or in bad debt expenses, our results of operations will be harmed.
our hospitals face competition for patients from other hospitals and health care providers.
the healthcare industry is highly competitive, and competition among hospitals, and other healthcare providers for patients and physicians has intensified in recent years. in all of the geographical areas in which we operate, there are other facilities that provide services comparable to those offered by our facilities. some of our competitors include hospitals that are owned by tax-supported governmental agencies or by nonprofit corporations and may be supported by endowments and charitable contributions and exempt from property, sales and income taxes. such exemptions and support are not available to us.
in some markets, certain of our competitors may have greater financial resources, be better equipped and offer a broader range of services than we offer. the number of inpatient facilities, as well as outpatient surgical and diagnostic centers, many of which are fully or partially owned by physicians, in the geographic areas in which we operate has increased significantly. as a result, most of our hospitals operate in an increasingly competitive environment.
we also operate health care facilities in the united kingdom where the national health service (the "nhs") is the principal provider of healthcare services. in addition to the nhs, we face competition in the united kingdom from independent sector providers and other publicly funded entities for patients.
if our competitors are better able to attract patients, recruit physicians and other healthcare professionals, expand services or obtain favorable managed care contracts at their facilities, we may experience a decline in patient volume and our business may be harmed.
our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain quality physicians.
typically, physicians are responsible for making hospital admissions decisions and for directing the course of patient treatment. as a result, the success and competitive advantage of our hospitals depends, in part, on the number and quality of the physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals, the admitting practices of those physicians and our maintenance of good relations with those physicians. physicians generally are not employees of our hospitals, and, in a number of our markets, physicians have admitting privileges at other hospitals in addition to our hospitals. they may terminate their affiliation with us at any time. if we are unable to maintain high ethical and professional standards, adequate support personnel and technologically advanced equipment and facilities that meet the needs of those physicians, they may be discouraged from referring patients to our facilities and our results of operations may decline.
it may become difficult for us to attract and retain an adequate number of physicians to practice in certain of the non-urban communities in which our hospitals are located. our failure to recruit physicians to these communities or the loss of physicians in these communities could make it more difficult to attract patients to our hospitals and thereby may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
generally, the top ten attending physicians within each of our facilities represent a large share of our inpatient revenues and admissions. the loss of one or more of these physicians, even if temporary, could cause a material reduction in our revenues, which could take significant time to replace given the difficulty and cost associated with recruiting and retaining physicians.
if we do not continually enhance our hospitals with the most recent technological advances in diagnostic and surgical equipment, our ability to maintain and expand our markets will be adversely affected.
the technology used in medical equipment and related devices is constantly evolving and, as a result, manufacturers and distributors continue to offer new and upgraded products to health care providers. to compete effectively, we must continually assess our equipment needs and upgrade when significant technological advances occur. if our facilities do not stay current with technological advances in the health care industry, patients may seek treatment from other providers and/or physicians may refer their patients to alternate sources, which could adversely affect our results of operations and harm our business.
our performance depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified nurses and medical support staff and we face competition for staffing that may increase our labor costs and harm our results of operations.
we depend on the efforts, abilities, and experience of our medical support personnel, including our nurses, pharmacists and lab technicians and other healthcare professionals. we compete with other healthcare providers in recruiting and retaining qualified hospital management, nurses and other medical personnel.
the nationwide shortage of nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel has been a significant operating issue facing us and other healthcare providers. in particular, like others in the healthcare industry, we continue to experience a shortage of nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel at our acute care and behavioral health care hospitals in many geographic areas, which shortage has been exacerbated by the covid‐19 pandemic. we are treating patients with covid‐19 in our facilities and, in some areas, the increased demand for care is putting a strain on our resources and staff, which has required us to utilize higher‐cost temporary labor and pay premiums above standard compensation for essential workers. the length and extent of the disruptions caused by the covid‐19 pandemic are currently unknown; however, we expect such disruptions to continue for the foreseeable future. this staffing shortage may require us to further enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel or require us to hire expensive temporary personnel. to the extent we cannot maintain sufficient staffing levels at our hospitals, we may be required to limit the acute and behavioral health care services provided at certain of our hospitals which would have a corresponding adverse effect on our net revenues. in addition, in some markets like california, there are requirements to maintain specified nurse-staffing levels which could adversely affect our net revenues to the extent we cannot meet those levels. if these states increase mandatory nurse-staffing ratios or additional states in which we operate adopt mandatory nurse-staffing ratios, such changes could significantly affect labor costs and have an adverse impact on revenues if we are required to limit admissions in order to meet the required ratios.
we cannot predict the degree to which we will be affected by the future availability or cost of attracting and retaining talented medical support staff. if our general labor and related expenses increase, we may not be able to raise our rates correspondingly. our failure to either recruit and retain qualified hospital management, nurses and other medical support personnel or control our labor costs could harm our results of operations.
increased labor union activity is another factor that could adversely affect our labor costs. union organizing activities and certain potential changes in federal labor laws and regulations could increase the likelihood of employee unionization in the future, to the extent a greater portion of our employee base unionized, it is possible our labor costs could increase materially.
the failure of certain employers, or the closure of certain facilities, could have a disproportionate impact on our hospitals.
the economies in the communities in which our hospitals operate are often dependent on a small number of large employers. those employers often provide income and health insurance for a disproportionately large number of community residents who may depend on our hospitals and other health care facilities for their care. the failure of one or more large employer or the closure or substantial reduction in the number of individuals employed at facilities located in or near the communities where our hospitals operate, could cause affected employees to move elsewhere to seek employment or lose insurance coverage that was otherwise available to them. the occurrence of these events could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations, thereby harming our business.
the trend toward value-based purchasing may negatively impact our revenues.
we believe that value-based purchasing initiatives of both governmental and private payers tying financial incentives to quality and efficiency of care will increasingly affect the results of operations of our hospitals and other healthcare facilities and may negatively impact our revenues if we are unable to meet expected quality standards. the legislation contains a number of provisions intended to promote value-based purchasing in federal healthcare programs. medicare now requires providers to report certain quality measures in order to receive full reimbursement increases for inpatient and outpatient procedures that were previously awarded automatically. in addition, hospitals that meet or exceed certain quality performance standards will receive increased reimbursement payments, and hospitals that have "excess readmissions" for specified conditions will receive reduced reimbursement. furthermore, medicare no longer pays hospitals additional amounts for the treatment of certain hospital-acquired conditions unless the conditions were present at admission. beginning in federal fiscal year 2015, hospitals that rank in the worst 25% of all hospitals nationally for hospital acquired conditions in the previous year were subject to reduced medicare reimbursements. the legislation also prohibits the use of federal funds under the medicaid program to reimburse providers for treating certain provider-preventable conditions.
there is a trend among private payers toward value-based purchasing of healthcare services, as well. many large commercial payers require hospitals to report quality data, and several of these payers will not reimburse hospitals for certain preventable adverse events. we expect value-based purchasing programs, including programs that condition reimbursement on patient outcome measures, to become more common and to involve a higher percentage of reimbursement amounts. we are unable at this time to predict how this trend will affect our results of operations, but it could negatively impact our revenues if we are unable to meet quality standards established by both governmental and private payers.
controls designed to reduce inpatient services and increasing rates of "denials" may reduce our revenues.
controls imposed by third-party payers designed to reduce admissions and lengths of stay, commonly referred to as "utilization review," have affected and are expected to continue to affect our facilities. utilization review entails the review of the admission and course of treatment of a patient by managed care plans. inpatient utilization, average lengths of stay and occupancy rates continue to be negatively affected by payer-required preadmission authorization and utilization review and by payer pressure to maximize outpatient and alternative healthcare delivery services for less acutely ill patients. efforts to impose more stringent cost controls are expected to continue. in addition, we have been experiencing increasing rates of denied claims ("denials") from managed care payers which have reduced our net revenues and increased our operating costs as we devote additional resources to enhanced documentation and collection efforts. although we cannot predict the effect these factors will have on our operations, significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed, and reimbursements withheld due to denials, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
we depend heavily on key management personnel and the departure of one or more of our key executives or a significant portion of our local hospital management personnel could harm our business.
the expertise and efforts of our senior executives and key members of our local hospital management personnel are critical to the success of our business. the loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives or of a significant portion of our local hospital management personnel could significantly undermine our management expertise and our ability to provide efficient, quality healthcare services at our facilities, which could harm our business. effective january 1, 2021, mr. alan b. miller, our founder, chairman and chief executive officer stepped down as chief executive officer and mr. marc d. miller, our former president, was appointed and has been serving as our chief executive officer. mr. alan b. miller continues to serve in his current role as executive chairman of our board of directors in addition to retaining certain other management responsibilities within our company.
risks related to the covid-19 pandemic covid-19 and other pandemics, epidemics, or public health threats may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, which began during the second half of march, 2020, has had a material effect on our operations and financial results since that time. the length and extent of the disruptions caused by the covid‐19 pandemic are currently unknown; however, we expect such disruptions to continue into the future. since the future volumes and severity of covid-19 patients remain highly uncertain and subject to change, including potential increases in future covid-19 patient volumes caused by new variants of the virus, as well as related pressures on staffing and wage rates, we are not able to fully quantify the impact that these factors will have on our future financial results. however, developments related to the covid-19 pandemic could continue to materially affect our financial performance.
the healthcare industry is labor intensive and salaries, wages and benefits are subject to inflationary pressures, as are supplies expense and other operating expenses. our ability to pass on increased costs associated with providing healthcare to medicare and medicaid patients is limited due to various federal, state and local laws which, in certain circumstances, limit our ability to increase prices.
in addition, the nationwide shortage of nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel has been a significant operating issue facing us and other healthcare providers. like others in the healthcare industry, we continue to experience a shortage of nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel at our acute care and behavioral health care hospitals in many geographic areas. in some areas, the labor scarcity is putting a strain on our resources and staff, which has required us to utilize higher‐cost temporary labor and pay premiums above standard compensation for essential workers. this staffing shortage has required us to hire expensive temporary personnel and/or enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel. at certain facilities, particularly within our behavioral health care segment, we have been unable to fill all vacant positions and, consequently, have been required to limit patient volumes. these factors, which had a material unfavorable impact on our results of operations during 2022, have been moderating to a certain degree but are expected to continue to have an unfavorable material impact on our results of operations for the foreseeable future.
the covid-19 pandemic has led to a constrained supply environment which could result in higher cost to procure, and potential unavailability of, critical personal protection equipment, pharmaceuticals and medical supplies. should a supply disruption result in the inability to obtain especially high margin drugs and compound components necessary for patient care, our consolidated financial statements could be negatively impacted.
in addition, cms issued an interim final rule ("ifr") effective november 5, 2021 mandating covid-19 vaccinations for all applicable staff at all medicare and medicaid certified facilities. under the ifr, facilities covered by this regulation must establish a policy ensuring all eligible staff have received the first dose of a two-dose covid-19 vaccine or a one-dose covid-19 vaccine prior to providing any care, treatment, or other services by december 5, 2021. all eligible staff must have received the necessary shots to be fully vaccinated - either two doses of pfizer or moderna or one dose of johnson & johnson - by january 4, 2022. the regulation also provides for exemptions based on recognized medical conditions or religious beliefs, observances, or practices. under the ifr, facilities must develop a similar process or plan for permitting exemptions in alignment with federal law. if facilities fail to comply with the ifr by the deadlines established, they are subject to potential termination from the medicare and medicaid program for non-compliance. in addition, the occupational safety and health administration also issued an emergency temporary standard ("ets") requiring all businesses with 100 or more employees to be vaccinated by january 4, 2022. pursuant to the ets, those employees not vaccinated by that date will need to show a negative covid-19 test weekly and wear a face mask in the workplace. legal challenges to these rules ensued, and the u.s. supreme court upheld a stay of the ets requirements but permitted the ifr vaccination requirements to go into effect pending additional litigation. cms has indicated that hospitals in states not involved in the supreme court litigation are expected to be in compliance with ifr vaccination requirements consistent with the dates referenced above. hospitals in states that were involved in the supreme court litigation were required to come into compliance with first dose requirements by february 13, 2022 and second dose requirements by march 15, 2022. hospitals in texas were required to come into compliance with the first dose requirements by february 19, 2022 and the second dose requirements by march 21, 2022. we cannot predict at this time the potential viability or impact of any such additional litigation. implementation of these rules could have an impact on staffing at our facilities for those employees that are not vaccinated in accordance with ifr and ets requirements, and associated loss of revenues and increased costs resulting from staffing issues could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic and measures taken in response thereto impact our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on numerous factors and future developments, most of which are beyond our control or ability to predict. the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic, including the future volumes and severity of covid-19 patients caused by new variants of the virus, as well as related pressures on staffing and wage rates and the strained supply environment, is highly uncertain and subject to change. we are not able to fully quantify the impact that these factors will have on our future financial results, but expect developments related to the covid-19 pandemic to materially affect our financial performance for the foreseeable future. even after the covid-19 pandemic has subsided, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts on our financial condition and our results of operations as a result of its macroeconomic impact, including any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. if general economic conditions, including inflation, deteriorate or remain volatile or uncertain for an extended period of time, our liquidity and ability to repay our outstanding debt may be harmed and the trading price of our common stock could decline. these factors may affect the availability, terms or timing on which we may obtain any additional funding. there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional funds on terms acceptable to us, if at all.
despite these measures, there have been waves of escalated covid-19 cases at various times, including the third and fourth quarters of 2021 and continuing into the first quarter of 2022, in many states in the u.s., including many states in which we operate hospitals. recently, covid-19 vaccinations have begun to be administered and while we expect the administration of vaccines will assist in easing the number of covid-19 patients, the pace at which this is likely to occur is very difficult to predict. the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic and measures taken in response thereto impact our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on numerous factors and future developments, most of which are beyond our control or ability to predict. the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. we are not able to fully quantify the impact that these factors will have on our future financial results, but expect developments related to the covid-19 pandemic to materially affect our financial performance for the foreseeable future. even after the covid-19 pandemic has subsided, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts on our financial condition and our results of operations as a result of its macroeconomic impact, including any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future.
there is a high degree of uncertainty regarding the implementation and impact of the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act") and the paycheck protection program and health care enhancement act ("ppphce act").
the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act"), a stimulus package signed into law on march 27, 2020, authorizes $100 billion in grant funding to hospitals and other healthcare providers to be distributed through the public health and social services emergency fund (the "phssef"). these funds are not required to be repaid provided the recipients attest to and comply with certain terms and conditions, including limitations on balance billing and not using phssef funds to reimburse expenses or losses that other sources are obligated to reimburse. however, since the expenses and losses will be ultimately measured over the life of the covid-19 pandemic, potential retrospective unfavorable adjustments in future periods, of funds recorded as revenues in prior periods, could occur. the u.s. department of health and human services ("hhs") initially distributed $30 billion of this funding based on each provider's share of total medicare fee-for-service reimbursement in 2019. subsequently, hhs distributed $50 billion in cares act funding (including the $30 billion already distributed) proportional to providers' share of 2018 net patient revenue. we have received payments from these initial distributions of the phssef as disclosed herein. hhs has indicated that distributions of the remaining $50 billion will be targeted primarily to hospitals in covid-19 high impact areas, to rural providers, safety net hospitals and certain medicaid providers and to reimburse providers for covid-19-related treatment of uninsured patients. we have received payments from these targeted distributions of the phssef, as disclosed herein. the cares act also makes other forms of financial assistance available to healthcare providers, including through medicare and medicaid payment adjustments and an expansion of the medicare accelerated and advance payment program, which makes available accelerated payments of medicare funds in order to increase cash flow to providers. on april 26, 2020, cms announced it was reevaluating and temporarily suspending the accelerated and advance payment program in light of the availability of the phssef and the significant funds available through other programs. we have received accelerated payments under this program as disclosed herein.
the paycheck protection program and health care enhancement act (the "ppphce act"), a stimulus package signed into law on april 24, 2020, includes additional emergency appropriations for covid-19 response, including $75 billion to be distributed to eligible providers through the phssef. recipients will not be required to repay the government for funds received, provided they comply with hhs-defined terms and conditions. a third phase of phssef allocations was recently announced, under which $24.5 billion was made available for providers who previously received, rejected or accepted phssef payments. applicants that have not yet received phssef payments of 2 percent of patient revenue will receive a payment that, when combined with prior payments (if any), equals 2 percent of patient care revenue. providers that have already received payments of approximately 2 percent of annual revenue from patient care can submit more information and may be eligible for an additional payment. on december 27, 2020, the consolidated appropriations act, 2021 ("caa") was signed into law. the caa appropriated an additional $3 billion to the phssef, codified flexibility for providers to calculate lost revenues and permitted parent organizations to allocate phssef targeted distributions to subsidiary organizations. the caa also provides that not less than 85 percent of the unobligated phssef amounts and any future funds recovered from health care providers should be used for additional distributions that consider financial losses and changes in operating expenses in the third or fourth quarters of 2020 and the first quarter of 2021 that are attributable to the coronavirus. the caa provided additional funding for testing, contact tracing and vaccine administration. providers receiving payments were required to sign terms and conditions regarding utilization of the payments. any provider receiving funds in excess of $10,000 in the aggregate will be required to report data elements to hhs detailing utilization of the payments. providers will report healthcare related expenses attributable to covid-19 that have not been reimbursed by another source, which may include general and administrative or healthcare related operating expenses. funds may also be applied to lost revenues, represented as a negative change in year-over-year net patient care operating income. all such fund payments must be expended by june 30, 2021.
hhs had adopted certain reimbursement policies and regulatory flexibilities favorable to providers during the public health emergency ("phe") declared in response to the covid-19 pandemic. hhs has published guidance indicating its intent for the phe to expire on may 11, 2023. the end of the phe status will result in the conclusion of those policies over various designated timeframes. we cannot predict whether the loss of any such favorable conditions available to providers during the declared phe will ultimately have a negative financial impact on us.
there is a high degree of uncertainty surrounding the implementation of the cares act and the ppphce act, and the federal government may consider additional stimulus and relief efforts, but we are unable to predict whether additional stimulus measures will be enacted or their impact. there can be no assurance as to the total amount of financial and other types of assistance we will receive under the cares act and the ppphce act, and it is difficult to predict the impact of such legislation on our operations or how they will affect operations of our competitors. moreover, we are unable to assess the extent to which anticipated negative impacts on us arising from the covid-19 pandemic will be offset by amounts or benefits received or to be received under the cares act and the ppphce act.
risks related to the regulatory environment reductions or changes in medicare and medicaid funding could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
the budget control act of 2011 (the "budget control act") mandated significant reductions in federal spending for fiscal years 2012-2021, including a reduction of 2% on all medicare payments during this period. subsequent legislation enacted by congress eliminated the 2% reduction through 2021 but extended these reductions through 2030 in exchange. the payment reduction suspension was extended through march 31, 2022, with a 1% payment reduction from then until june 30, 2022 and the full 2% payment reduction thereafter. the most recent legislation extended these reductions through 2032. please see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, sources of revenue-medicare, for additional disclosure.
beginning in 2024 and continuing through 2027, the medicaid disproportionate share hospital ("dsh") allotment to the states from federal funds will be reduced. such reductions have been delayed several times, most recently under the caa, which further delays the dsh reductions through 2024. during the reduction period, state medicaid dsh allotments from federal funds will be reduced by $8 billion annually. reductions are imposed on states based on percentage of uninsured individuals, medicaid utilization and uncompensated care.
we are subject to uncertainties regarding health care reform.
on march 23, 2010, president obama signed into law the legislation. two primary goals of the legislation are to provide for increased access to coverage for healthcare and to reduce healthcare-related expenses.
although it was expected that as a result of the legislation there would be a reduction in uninsured patients, which would reduce our expense from uncollectible accounts receivable, the legislation makes a number of other changes to medicare and medicaid which we believe may have an adverse impact on us. it has been projected that the legislation will result in a net reduction in medicare and medicaid payments to hospitals totaling $155 billion over 10 years. the legislation revises reimbursement under the medicare and medicaid programs to emphasize the efficient delivery of high quality care and contains a number of incentives and penalties under these programs to achieve these goals. the legislation implements a value-based purchasing program, which will reward the delivery of efficient care. conversely, certain facilities will receive reduced reimbursement for failing to meet quality parameters; such hospitals will include those with excessive readmission or hospital-acquired condition rates. it remains unclear what portions of that legislation may remain, or what any replacement or alternative programs may be created by future legislation.
a 2012 u.s. supreme court ruling limited the federal government's ability to expand health insurance coverage by holding unconstitutional sections of the legislation that sought to withdraw federal funding for state noncompliance with certain medicaid coverage requirements. pursuant to that decision, the federal government may not penalize states that choose not to participate in the medicaid expansion program by reducing their existing medicaid funding. therefore, states can choose to accept or not to participate without risking the loss of federal medicaid funding. as a result, many states, including texas, have not expanded their medicaid programs without the threat of loss of federal funding. cms had granted section 1115 demonstration waivers providing for work and community engagement requirements for certain medicaid eligible individuals. however, most recently, the biden administration has expressed disfavor with medicaid program work requirements, with the understanding that such requirements pose a substantial risk that many potential demonstration beneficiaries would be prevented from initially enrolling in coverage or that the requirements would lead to a sizable number of eligibility suspensions and eventual disenrollments among beneficiaries who are initially able to enroll. accordingly, cms has recently revoked certain state medicaid program approvals including work requirements.
the various provisions in the legislation that directly or indirectly affect medicare and medicaid reimbursement are scheduled to take effect over a number of years. the impact of the legislation on healthcare providers will be subject to implementing regulations, interpretive guidance and possible future legislation or legal challenges. certain legislation provisions, such as that creating the medicare shared savings program, create uncertainty in how healthcare may be reimbursed by federal programs in the future. thus, we cannot predict the impact of the legislation on our future reimbursement at this time and we can provide no assurance that the legislation will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
the legislation also contained provisions aimed at reducing fraud and abuse in healthcare. the legislation amended several existing laws, including the federal anti-kickback statute and the false claims act, making it easier for government agencies and private plaintiffs to prevail in lawsuits brought against healthcare providers. while congress had previously revised the intent requirement of the anti-kickback statute to provide that a person is not required to "have actual knowledge or specific intent to commit a violation of" the anti-kickback statute in order to be found in violation of such law, the legislation also provides that any claims for items or services that violate the anti-kickback statute are also considered false claims for purposes of the federal civil false claims act. the legislation provides that a healthcare provider that retains an overpayment in excess of 60 days is subject to the federal civil false claims act, although certain final regulations implementing this statutory requirement remain pending. the legislation also expands the recovery audit contractor program to medicaid. these amendments also make it easier for severe fines and penalties to be imposed on healthcare providers that violate applicable laws and regulations.
we have partnered with local physicians in the ownership of certain of our facilities. these investments have been permitted under an exception to the physician self-referral law. the legislation permits existing physician investments in a hospital to continue under a "grandfather" clause if the arrangement satisfies certain requirements and restrictions, but physicians are prohibited from increasing the aggregate percentage of their ownership in the hospital. the legislation also imposes certain compliance and disclosure requirements upon existing physician-owned hospitals and restricts the ability of physician-owned hospitals to expand the capacity of their facilities. as discussed below, should the legislation be repealed in its entirety, this aspect of the legislation would also be repealed restoring physician ownership of hospitals and expansion right to its position and practice as it existed prior to the legislation.
the impact of the legislation on each of our hospitals may vary. because legislation provisions are effective at various times over the next several years, we anticipate that many of the provisions in the legislation may be subject to further revision. initiatives to repeal the legislation, in whole or in part, to delay elements of implementation or funding, and to offer amendments or supplements to modify its provisions have been persistent. the ultimate outcomes of legislative attempts to repeal or amend the legislation and legal challenges to the legislation are unknown. legislation has already been enacted that has eliminated the penalty for failing to maintain health coverage that was part of the original legislation. in addition, congress has considered legislation that would, if enacted, in material part: (i) eliminate the large employer mandate to obtain or provide health insurance coverage, respectively; (ii) permit insurers to impose a surcharge up to 30 percent on individuals who go uninsured for more than two months and then purchase coverage; (iii) provide tax credits towards the purchase of health insurance, with a phase-out of tax credits accordingly to income level; (iv) expand health savings accounts; (v) impose a per capita cap on federal funding of state medicaid programs, or, if elected by a state, transition federal funding to block grants, and; (vi) permit states to seek a waiver of certain federal requirements that would allow such state to define essential health benefits differently from federal standards and that would allow certain commercial health plans to take health status, including pre-existing conditions, into account in setting premiums.
it remains unclear what portions of the legislation may remain, or whether any replacement or alternative programs may be created by any future legislation. any such future repeal or replacement may have significant impact on the reimbursement for healthcare services generally, and may create reimbursement for services competing with the services offered by our hospitals. accordingly, there can be no assurance that the adoption of any future federal or state healthcare reform legislation will not have a negative financial impact on our hospitals, including their ability to compete with alternative healthcare services funded by such potential legislation, or for our hospitals to receive payment for services.
while attempts to repeal the entirety of the legislation have not been successful to date, a key provision of the legislation was repealed as part of the tax cuts and jobs act and on december 14, 2018, a texas federal district court judge declared the legislation unconstitutional, reasoning that the individual mandate tax penalty was essential to and not severable from the remainder of the legislation. the case was appealed to the u.s. supreme court which ultimately held in california v. texas that the plaintiffs lacked standing to challenge the legislation's requirement to obtain minimum essential health insurance coverage, or the individual mandate. the court dismissed the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the legislation. on september 7, 2022, the same texas federal district court judge, in the case of braidwood management v. becerra, ruled that the requirement that certain health plans cover services with an "a" or "b" recommendation from the u.s. preventive services task force without cost sharing violates the appointments clause of the u.s. constitution and that the coverage of certain hiv prevention medication violates the religious freedom restoration act. we are unable to predict the outcome of this litigation or its potential impact at this time. while the results of the 2020 elections potentially reduce the risk of the legislation being eliminated in whole or in part, the continued uncertainties regarding implementation of the legislation create unpredictability for the strategic and business planning efforts of health care providers, which in itself constitutes a risk.
on march 11, 2021, president biden signed the american rescue plan ("arp") into law. the arp extends eligibility for legislation health insurance subsidies to people buying their own health coverage on the marketplace who have household incomes above 400% of the federal poverty level. arp also increased the amount of financial assistance for people at lower incomes who were already eligible under the legislation. the inflation reduction act of 2022 ("ira") was passed on august 16, 2022, which among other things, allows for cms to negotiate prices for certain single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed under medicare part b and part d, beginning with 10 high-cost drugs paid for by medicare part d starting in 2026, followed by 15 part d drugs in 2027, 15 part b or part d drugs in 2028, and 20 part b or part d drugs in 2029 and beyond. the ira also continued the expanded subsidies for individuals to obtain private health insurance under the legislation through 2025. the effect of ira on hospitals and the healthcare industry in general is not yet known.
under the legislation, hospitals are required to make public a list of their standard charges, and effective january 1, 2019, cms has required that this disclosure be in machine-readable format and include charges for all hospital items and services and average charges for diagnosis-related groups. on november 27, 2019, cms published a final rule on "price transparency requirements for hospitals to make standard charges public." this rule took effect on january 1, 2021 and requires all hospitals to also make public their payer-specific negotiated rates, minimum negotiated rates, maximum negotiated rates and cash for all items and services, including individual items and services and service packages, that could be provided by a hospital to a patient. failure to comply with these requirements may result in daily monetary penalties.
as part of the caa, congress passed legislation aimed at preventing or limiting patient balance billing in certain circumstances. the caa addresses surprise medical bills stemming from emergency services, out-of-network ancillary providers at in-network facilities, and air ambulance carriers. the legislation prohibits surprise billing when out-of-network emergency services or out-of-network services at an in-network facility are provided, unless informed consent is received. in these circumstances providers are prohibited from billing the patient for any amounts that exceed in-network cost-sharing requirements. on july 13, 2021, hhs, the department of labor and the department of the treasury issued an interim final rule, which begins to implement this legislation. the rule would limit our ability to receive payment for services at usually higher out-of-network rates in certain circumstances and prohibit out-of-network payments in other circumstances.
we are required to treat patients with emergency medical conditions regardless of ability to pay.
in accordance with our internal policies and procedures, as well as the emergency medical treatment and active labor act, or emtala, we provide a medical screening examination to any individual who comes to one of our hospitals while in active labor and/or seeking medical treatment (whether or not such individual is eligible for insurance benefits and regardless of ability to pay) to determine if such individual has an emergency medical condition. if it is determined that such person has an emergency medical condition, we provide such further medical examination and treatment as is required to stabilize the patient's medical condition, within the facility's capability, or arrange for transfer of such individual to another medical facility in accordance with applicable law and the treating hospital's written procedures. our obligations under emtala may increase substantially going forward; cms has sought stakeholder comments concerning the potential applicability of emtala to hospital inpatients and the responsibilities of hospitals with specialized capabilities, respectively, but has yet to issue further guidance in response to that request. if the number of indigent and charity care patients with emergency medical conditions we treat increases significantly, or if regulations expanding our obligations to inpatients under emtala is proposed and adopted, our results of operations will be harmed.
if we fail to continue to meet the promoting interoperability criteria related to electronic health record systems ("ehr"), our operations could be harmed.
pursuant to health information technology for economic and clinical health ("hitech") regulations, hospitals that did not qualify as a meaningful user of ehr by 2015 were subject to a reduced market basket update to the inpatient prospective payment system ("ipps") standardized amount in 2015 and each subsequent fiscal year. in the 2019 ipps final rule, cms re-named the meaningful use program to "promoting interoperability". we believe that all of our acute care hospitals have met the applicable promoting interoperability criteria and therefore are not subject to a reduced market basked update to the ipps standardized amount. however, under the hitech act, hospitals must continue to meet the applicable criteria in each fiscal year or they will be subject to a market basket update reduction in a subsequent fiscal year. failure of our acute care hospitals to continue to meet the applicable meaningful use criteria would have an adverse effect on our future net revenues and results of operations.
if we fail to comply with extensive laws and government regulations, we could suffer civil or criminal penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations that could reduce our revenue and profitability.
the healthcare industry is required to comply with extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state and local government levels relating to, among other things: hospital billing practices and prices for services; relationships with physicians and other referral sources; adequacy of medical care and quality of medical equipment and services; ownership of facilities; qualifications of medical and support personnel; confidentiality, maintenance, privacy and security issues associated with health-related information and patient medical records; the screening, stabilization and transfer of patients who have emergency medical conditions; certification, licensure and accreditation of our facilities; operating policies and procedures, and; construction or expansion of facilities and services.
among these laws are the federal false claims act, the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, ("hipaa"), the federal anti-kickback statute and the provision of the social security act commonly known as the "stark law." these laws, and particularly the anti-kickback statute and the stark law, impact the relationships that we may have with physicians and other referral sources. we have a variety of financial relationships with physicians who refer patients to our facilities, including employment contracts, leases and professional service agreements. we also provide financial incentives, including minimum revenue guarantees, to recruit physicians into communities served by our hospitals. the office of the inspector general of the department of health and human services, or oig, has enacted safe harbor regulations that outline practices that are deemed protected from prosecution under the anti-kickback statute. a number of our current arrangements, including financial relationships with physicians and other referral sources, may not qualify for safe harbor protection under the anti-kickback statute. failure to meet a safe harbor does not mean that the arrangement necessarily violates the anti-kickback statute, but may subject the arrangement to greater scrutiny. we cannot assure that practices that are outside of a safe harbor will not be found to violate the anti-kickback statute. cms published a medicare self-referral disclosure protocol, which is intended to allow providers to self-disclose actual or potential violations of the stark law. because there are only a few judicial decisions interpreting the stark law, there can be no assurance that our hospitals will not be found in violation of the stark law or that self-disclosure of a potential violation would result in reduced penalties.
federal regulations issued under hipaa contain provisions that require us to implement and, in the future, may require us to implement additional costly electronic media security systems and to adopt new business practices designed to protect the privacy and security of each of our patient's health and related financial information. such privacy and security regulations impose extensive administrative, physical and technical requirements on us, restrict our use and disclosure of certain patient health and financial information, provide patients with rights with respect to their health information and require us to enter into contracts extending many of the privacy and security regulatory requirements to third parties that perform duties on our behalf. additionally, recent changes to hipaa regulations may result in greater compliance requirements, including obligations to report breaches of unsecured patient data, as well as create new liabilities for the actions of parties acting as business associates on our behalf.
these laws and regulations are extremely complex, and, in many cases, we do not have the benefit of regulatory or judicial interpretation. in the future, it is possible that different interpretations or enforcement of these laws and regulations could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital expenditure programs and operating expenses. a determination that we have violated one or more of these laws (see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements - commitments and contingencies, as included this form 10-k), or the public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations of one or more of these laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and our business reputation could suffer significantly. in addition, we cannot predict whether other legislation or regulations at the federal or state level will be adopted, what form such legislation or regulations may take or what their impact on us may be. see item 1 business-self-referral and anti-kickback legislation.
if we are deemed to have failed to comply with the anti-kickback statute, the stark law or other applicable laws and regulations, we could be subjected to liabilities, including criminal penalties, civil penalties (including the loss of our licenses to operate one or more facilities), and exclusion of one or more facilities from participation in the medicare, medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs. the imposition of such penalties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we also operate health care facilities in the united kingdom and have operations and commercial relationships with companies in other foreign jurisdictions and, as a result, are subject to certain u.s. and foreign laws applicable to businesses generally, including anti-corruption laws. the foreign corrupt practices act regulates u.s. companies in their dealings with foreign officials, prohibiting bribes and similar practices, and requires that they maintain records that fairly and accurately reflect transactions and appropriate internal accounting controls. in addition, the united kingdom bribery act has wide jurisdiction over certain activities that affect the united kingdom.
our operations in the united kingdom are also subject to a high level of regulation relating to registration and licensing requirements employee regulation, clinical standards, environmental rules as well as other areas. we are also subject to a highly regulated business environment, and failure to comply with the various laws and regulations, applicable to us could lead to substantial penalties, and other adverse effects on our business.
we are subject to occupational health, safety and other similar regulations and failure to comply with such regulations could harm our business and results of operations.
we are subject to a wide variety of federal, state and local occupational health and safety laws and regulations. regulatory requirements affecting us include, but are not limited to, those covering: (i) air and water quality control; (ii) occupational health and safety (e.g., standards regarding blood-borne pathogens and ergonomics, etc.); (iii) waste management; (iv) the handling of asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and radioactive substances; and (v) other hazardous materials. if we fail to comply with those standards, we may be subject to sanctions and penalties that could harm our business and results of operations.
we are subject to pending legal actions, purported stockholder class actions, governmental investigations and regulatory actions.
we and our subsidiaries are subject to pending legal actions, governmental investigations and regulatory actions (see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements - commitments and contingencies, as included this form 10-k). we may become subject to additional medical malpractice lawsuits, product liability lawsuits, class action lawsuits and other legal actions in the ordinary course of business.
defending ourselves against the allegations in the lawsuits and governmental investigations, or similar matters and any related publicity, could potentially entail significant costs and could require significant attention from our management and our reputation could suffer significantly. we are unable to predict the outcome of these matters or to reasonably estimate the amount or range of any such loss; however, these lawsuits and the related publicity and news articles that have been published concerning these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows which in turn could cause a decline in our stock price. in an effort to resolve one or more of these matters, we may choose to negotiate a settlement. amounts we pay to settle any of these matters may be material. all professional and general liability insurance we purchase is subject to policy limitations. we believe that, based on our past experience and actuarial estimates, our insurance coverage is adequate considering the claims arising from the operations of our hospitals. while we continuously monitor our coverage, our ultimate liability for professional and general liability claims could change materially from our current estimates. if such policy limitations should be partially or fully exhausted in the future, or payments of claims exceed our estimates or are not covered by our insurance, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
we are and may become subject to other loss contingencies, both known and unknown, which may relate to past, present and future facts, events, circumstances and occurrences. should an unfavorable outcome occur in some or all of our legal proceedings or other loss contingencies, or if successful claims and other actions are brought against us in the future, there could be a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity.
in particular, government investigations, as well as qui tam and stockholder lawsuits, may lead to material fines, penalties, damages payments or other sanctions, including exclusion from government healthcare programs. the federal false claims act permits private parties to bring qui tam, or whistleblower, lawsuits on behalf of the government against companies alleging that the defendant has defrauded the federal government. these private parties are entitled to share in any amounts recovered by the government, and, as a result, the number of whistleblower lawsuits that have been filed against providers has increased significantly in recent years. because qui tam lawsuits are filed under seal, we could be named in one or more such lawsuits of which we are not aware. settlements of lawsuits involving medicare and medicaid issues routinely require both monetary payments and corporate integrity agreements, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.
the failure of certain employers, or the closure of certain facilities, could have a disproportionate impact on our hospitals.
the economies in the communities in which our hospitals operate are often dependent on a small number of large employers. those employers often provide income and health insurance for a disproportionately large number of community residents who may depend on our hospitals and other health care facilities for their care. the failure of one or more large employer or the closure or substantial reduction in the number of individuals employed at facilities located in or near the communities where our hospitals operate, could cause affected employees to move elsewhere to seek employment or lose insurance coverage that was otherwise available to them. the occurrence of these events could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations, thereby harming our business.
if any of our existing health care facilities lose their accreditation or any of our new facilities fail to receive accreditation, such facilities could become ineligible to receive reimbursement under medicare or medicaid.
the construction and operation of healthcare facilities are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation relating to, among other things, the adequacy of medical care, equipment, personnel, operating policies and procedures, fire prevention, rate-setting and compliance with building codes and environmental protection. additionally, such facilities are subject to periodic inspection by government authorities to assure their continued compliance with these various standards.
all of our hospitals are deemed certified, meaning that they are accredited, properly licensed under the relevant state laws and regulations and certified under the medicare program. the effect of maintaining certified facilities is to allow such facilities to participate in the medicare and medicaid programs. we believe that all of our healthcare facilities are in material compliance with applicable federal, state, local and other relevant regulations and standards. however, should any of our healthcare facilities lose their deemed certified status and thereby lose certification under the medicare or medicaid programs, such facilities would be unable to receive reimbursement from either of those programs and our business could be materially adversely effected.
state efforts to regulate the construction or expansion of health care facilities could impair our ability to expand.
many of the states in which we operate hospitals have enacted certificates of need, or ("con"), laws as a condition prior to hospital capital expenditures, construction, expansion, modernization or initiation of major new services. our failure to obtain necessary state approval could result in our inability to complete a particular hospital acquisition, expansion or replacement, make a facility ineligible to receive reimbursement under the medicare or medicaid programs, result in the revocation of a facility's license or impose civil or criminal penalties on us, any of which could harm our business.
in addition, significant con reforms have been proposed in a number of states that would increase the capital spending thresholds and provide exemptions of various services from review requirements. in the past, we have not experienced any material adverse effects from those requirements, but we cannot predict the impact of these changes upon our operations.
risks related to information technology a cyber security incident could cause a violation of hipaa, breach of member privacy, or other negative impacts.
we rely extensively on our information technology ("it") systems to manage clinical and financial data, communicate with our patients, payers, vendors and other third parties and summarize and analyze operating results. in addition, we have made significant investments in technology to adopt and utilize electronic health records and to become meaningful users of health information technology pursuant to the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009. our it systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches including credit card or personally identifiable information breaches, vandalism, theft, natural disasters, catastrophic events, human error and potential cyber threats, including malicious codes, worms, phishing attacks, denial of service attacks, ransomware and other sophisticated cyber-attacks, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. as cyber criminals continue to become more sophisticated through evolution of their tactics, techniques and procedures, we have taken, and will continue to take, additional preventive measures to strengthen the cyber defenses of our networks and data. however, if any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss or corruption of critical data such as protected health information or other data subject to privacy laws and proprietary business information and interruptions or disruptions and delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could materially and adversely affect our businesses and results of operations and could result in significant penalties or fines, litigation, loss of customers, significant damage to our reputation and business, and other losses. in addition, our future results of operations, as well as our reputation, could be adversely impacted by theft, destruction, loss, or misappropriation of public health information, other confidential data or proprietary business information.
in september, 2020, we had experienced an information technology security incident which led us to suspend user access to our information technology applications related to operations located in the united states. while our information technology applications were offline, patient care was delivered safely and effectively at our facilities across the country utilizing established back-up processes, including offline documentation methods. we have investigated the nature and potential impact of the security incident and engaged third-party information technology and forensic vendors to assist. no evidence of unauthorized access, copying or misuse of any patient or employee data has been identified to date. promptly after the incident, our information technology applications were restored at our acute care and behavioral health hospitals, as well as at the corporate level, thereby re-establishing connections to all major systems and applications, including electronic medical records, laboratory and pharmacy systems and our hospitals resumed normal operations.
risks related to the market conditions and liquidity our revenues and volume trends may be adversely affected by certain factors over which we have no control.
our revenues and volume trends are dependent on many factors, including physicians' clinical decisions and availability, payer programs shifting to a more outpatient-based environment, whether or not certain services are offered, seasonal and severe weather conditions, including the effects of extreme low temperatures, hurricanes and tornadoes, earthquakes, climate change, current local economic and demographic changes. we have a high concentration of facilities in various geographic areas, including states that have a potentially higher risk of experiencing events such as severe weather conditions and earthquakes. given the location of our facilities, we are particularly susceptible to revenue loss, cost increase, or damage caused by severe weather conditions or natural disasters such as hurricanes, wildfires, earthquakes, or tornadoes. any significant loss due to a natural disaster may not be covered by insurance and may lead to an increase in the cost of insurance or unavailability on acceptable terms. climate change may also have effects on our business by increasing the cost of property insurance or making coverage unavailable on acceptable terms. to the extent that significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our facilities are located, we may experience increased frequency of severe weather conditions or natural disasters or other changes to weather patterns, all of which may result in physical damage to or a decrease in demand for properties affected by these conditions. should the impact of climate change be material in nature or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition, revenues, results of operations, or cash flow may be adversely affected. in addition, government regulation intended to mitigate the impact of climate change, severe weather patterns, or natural disasters could result in additional required capital expenditures to comply with such regulation without a corresponding increase in our revenues. in addition, technological developments and pharmaceutical improvements may reduce the demand for healthcare services or the profitability of the services we offer. further, the medicare program's three-year phase out and eventual elimination of the inpatient only list, a list of surgeries and procedures that are only covered by medicare when provided in an inpatient setting, may reduce inpatient volumes.
a worsening of economic and employment conditions in the united states could materially affect our business and future results of operations.
our patient volumes, revenues and financial results depend significantly on the universe of patients with health insurance, which to a large extent is dependent on the employment status of individuals in our markets. worsening of economic conditions, including inflation and rising interest rates, may result in a higher unemployment rate which may increase the number of individuals without health insurance. as a result, our facilities may experience a decrease in patient volumes, particularly in less intense, more elective service lines, or an increase in services provided to uninsured patients. these factors could have a material unfavorable impact on our future patient volumes, revenues and operating results.
in addition, as of december 31, 2022, we had approximately $3.9 billion of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. should the revenues and financial results of our acute care and/or behavioral health care facilities be materially, unfavorably impacted due to, among other things, a worsening of the economic and employment conditions in the united states that could negatively impact our patient volumes and reimbursement rates, a continued rise in the unemployment rate and increases in the number of uninsured patients treated at our facilities, we may incur future charges to recognize impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
legal uncertainty or a worsening of the economic conditions in the united kingdom could materially affect our business and future results of operations.
on june 23, 2016, the united kingdom affirmatively voted in a non-binding referendum in favor of the exit of the united kingdom from the european union ("brexit") and it was approved by vote of the british legislature. on march 29, 2017, the united kingdom triggered article 50 of the lisbon treaty, formally starting negotiations regarding its exit from the european union. on january 31, 2020, the united kingdom formally exited the european union. on december 24, 2020, the united kingdom and the european union reached a post-brexit trade and cooperation agreement that created new business and security requirements and preserved the united kingdom's tariff- and quota-free access to the european union member states. the trade and cooperation agreement was provisionally applied as of january 1, 2021 and entered into force on may 1, 2021, following ratification by the european union.
changes to the trading relationship between the united kingdom and the european union may result in increased cost of goods imported into the united kingdom. additional currency volatility could result in a weaker british pound, which may decrease the profitability of our operations in the united kingdom. a weaker british pound versus the u.s. dollar also causes local currency results of our united kingdom operations to be translated into fewer u.s. dollars during a reporting period. while we may elect to enter into hedging arrangements to protect our business against certain currency fluctuations, these hedging arrangements do not provide comprehensive protection, and our results of operations could be adversely affected by foreign exchange fluctuations.
brexit could lead to legal and regulatory uncertainty as the united kingdom determines which european union laws to replace or replicate. brexit could also lead to increased legal and regulatory complexity as national laws and regulations in the united kingdom start to diverge from european union laws and regulations. for instance, rules for data transfers outside of the united kingdom and european economic area have changed significantly with brexit and a recent court of european justice decision, and are subject to further revision and updated regulatory guidance, making necessary compliance measures challenging to ascertain and implement with respect to our united kingdom operations. the exit of the united kingdom from the european union could also create future economic uncertainty, both in the united kingdom and globally, and could cause disruptions to and create uncertainty surrounding our business. any of these effects of brexit, and others we cannot anticipate, could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we continue to see rising costs in construction materials and labor. such increased costs could have an adverse effect on the cash flow return on investment relating to our capital projects.
the cost of construction materials and labor has significantly increased. as we continue to invest in modern technologies, emergency rooms and operating room expansions, the construction of medical office buildings for physician expansion and reconfiguring the flow of patient care, we spend large amounts of money generated from our operating cash flow or borrowed funds. although we evaluate the financial feasibility of such projects by determining whether the projected cash flow return on investment exceeds our cost of capital, such returns may not be achieved if the cost of construction continues to rise significantly or the expected patient volumes are not attained.
the deterioration of credit and capital markets may adversely affect our access to sources of funding and we cannot be certain of the availability and terms of capital to fund the growth of our business when needed.
we require substantial capital resources to fund our acquisition growth strategy and our ongoing capital expenditure programs for renovation, expansion, construction and addition of medical equipment and technology. we believe that our capital expenditure program is adequate to expand, improve and equip our existing hospitals. we cannot predict, however, whether financing for our growth plans and capital expenditure programs will be available to us on satisfactory terms when needed, which could harm our business.
to fund all or a portion of our future financing needs, we rely on borrowings from various sources including fixed rate, long-term debt as well as borrowings pursuant to our revolving credit facility and accounts receivable securitization program. if any of the lenders were unable to fulfill their future commitments, our liquidity could be impacted, which could have a material unfavorable impact our results of operations and financial condition. the increase in interest rates has substantially increased our borrowing costs and reduced our ability to access the capital markets on favorable terms. additional increases in interest rates and the effect on capital markets could adversely affect our ability to carry out our strategy.
risks related to our common stock the number of outstanding shares of our class b common stock is subject to potential increases or decreases.
at december 31, 2022, 23.6 million shares of class b common stock were reserved for issuance upon conversion of shares of class a, c and d common stock outstanding, for issuance upon exercise of options to purchase class b common stock and for issuance of stock under other incentive plans. class a, c and d common stock are convertible on a share for share basis into class b common stock. to the extent that these shares were converted into or exercised for shares of class b common stock, the number of shares of class b common stock available for trading in the public market place would increase substantially and the current holders of class b common stock would own a smaller percentage of that class.
in addition, from time-to-time, our board of directors approve stock repurchase programs authorizing us to purchase shares of our class b common stock on the open market at prevailing market prices or in negotiated transactions off the market. such repurchases decrease the number of outstanding shares of our class b common stock. during 2022, in conjunction with our stock repurchase program, we repurchased approximately 6.7 million shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $811 million. as of december 31, 2022, we had an aggregate available repurchase authorization of approximately $947 million pursuant to this program, including a $1.4 billion increase authorized by our board of directors in february, 2022. pursuant to our stock repurchase program, shares of our class b common stock may be repurchased, from time to time as conditions allow, on the open market or in negotiated private transactions. there is no expiration date for our stock repurchase programs.
our ability to repurchase shares will depend upon, among other factors, our cash flows from operations, our available capital and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, debt service requirements, and investing in our existing markets as well as our results of operations, financial condition, interest rates, our access to the capital markets and other factors beyond our control that our board of directors may deem relevant. a suspension or elimination of our share repurchase could have a negative effect on our stock price.
conversely, as a potential means of generating additional funds to operate and expand our business, we may from time-to-time issue equity through the sale of stock which would increase the number of outstanding shares of our class b common stock. based upon factors such as, but not limited to, the market price of our stock, interest rate on borrowings and uses or potential uses for cash, repurchase or issuance of our stock could have a dilutive effect on our future basic and diluted earnings per share.
the right to elect the majority of our board of directors and the majority of the general shareholder voting power resides with the holders of class a and c common stock, the majority of which is owned by alan b. miller, executive chairman of our board of directors.
our restated certificate of incorporation provides that, with respect to the election of directors, holders of class a common stock vote as a class with the holders of class c common stock, and holders of class b common stock vote as a class with holders of class d common stock, with holders of all classes of our common stock entitled to one vote per share.
as of march 24, 2022, the shares of class a and class c common stock constituted 9.7% of the aggregate outstanding shares of our common stock, had the right to elect five members of the board of directors and constituted 89.5% of our general voting power as of that date. as of march 24, 2022, the shares of class b and class d common stock (excluding shares issuable upon exercise of options) constituted 90.3% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, had the right to elect two members of the board of directors and constituted 10.5% of our general voting power as of that date.
as to matters other than the election of directors, our restated certificate of incorporation provides that holders of class a, class b, class c and class d common stock all vote together as a single class, except as otherwise provided by law.
each share of class a common stock entitles the holder thereof to one vote; each share of class b common stock entitles the holder thereof to one-tenth of a vote; each share of class c common stock entitles the holder thereof to 100 votes (provided the holder of class c common stock holds a number of shares of class a common stock equal to ten times the number of shares of class c common stock that holder holds); and each share of class d common stock entitles the holder thereof to ten votes (provided the holder of class d common stock holds a number of shares of class b common stock equal to ten times the number of shares of class d common stock that holder holds).
in the event a holder of class c or class d common stock holds a number of shares of class a or class b common stock, respectively, less than ten times the number of shares of class c or class d common stock that holder holds, then that holder will be entitled to only one vote for every share of class c common stock, or one-tenth of a vote for every share of class d common stock, which that holder holds in excess of one-tenth the number of shares of class a or class b common stock, respectively, held by that holder. the board of directors, in its discretion, may require beneficial owners to provide satisfactory evidence that such owner holds ten times as many shares of class a or class b common stock as class c or class d common stock, respectively, if such facts are not apparent from our stock records.
since a substantial majority of the class a shares and class c shares are controlled by mr. alan b. miller and members of his family, one of whom is marc d. miller, our chief executive officer, president and a director, and they can elect a majority of our company's directors and effect or reject most actions requiring approval by stockholders without the vote of any other stockholders, there are potential conflicts of interest in overseeing the management of our company.
in addition, because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our businesses, our business and prospects and the trading price of our securities could be adversely affected.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to promote an understanding of our operating results and financial condition. the md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements, as included in this annual report on form 10-k. the md&a contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, those presented under item 1a. risk factors, and below in forward-looking statements and risk factors and as included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this section generally discusses our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. for discussion of our result of operations and changes in our financial condition for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, please refer to part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, as filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 24, 2022.
overview our principal business is owning and operating, through our subsidiaries, acute care hospitals and outpatient facilities and behavioral health care facilities.
as of february 27, 2023, we owned and/or operated 359 inpatient facilities and 39 outpatient and other facilities including the following located in 39 states, washington, d.c., the united kingdom and puerto rico:
acute care facilities located in the u.s.:
•28 inpatient acute care hospitals;
•21 free-standing emergency departments, and;
•7 outpatient centers & 1 surgical hospital.
behavioral health care facilities (331 inpatient facilities and 10 outpatient facilities):
located in the u.s.:
•185 inpatient behavioral health care facilities, and;
•8 outpatient behavioral health care facilities.
located in the u.k.:
•143 inpatient behavioral health care facilities, and;
•2 outpatient behavioral health care facilities.
located in puerto rico:
•3 inpatient behavioral health care facilities.
net revenues from our acute care hospitals, outpatient facilities and commercial health insurer accounted for 57% of our consolidated net revenues during 2022 and 56% during 2021. net revenues from our behavioral health care facilities and commercial health insurer accounted for 43% of our consolidated net revenues during 2022 and 44% during 2021.
our behavioral health care facilities located in the u.k. generated net revenues of approximately $685 million in 2022 and $688 million in 2021. total assets at our u.k. behavioral health care facilities were approximately $1.235 billion as of december 31, 2022 and $1.351 billion as of december 31, 2021.
services provided by our hospitals include general and specialty surgery, internal medicine, obstetrics, emergency room care, radiology, oncology, diagnostic care, coronary care, pediatric services, pharmacy services and/or behavioral health services. we provide capital resources as well as a variety of management services to our facilities, including central purchasing, information services, finance and control systems, facilities planning, physician recruitment services, administrative personnel management, marketing and public relations.
forward-looking statements and risk factors you should carefully review the information contained in this annual report, and should particularly consider any risk factors that we set forth in this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, and in other reports or documents that we file from time to time with the securities and exchange commission (the "sec"). in this annual report, we state our beliefs of future events and of our future financial performance. this annual report contains "forward-looking statements" that reflect our current estimates, expectations and projections about our future results, performance, prospects and opportunities. forward-looking statements include, among other things, the information concerning our possible future results of operations, business and growth strategies, financing plans, expectations that regulatory developments or other matters will or will not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition, our competitive position and the effects of competition, the projected growth of the industry in which we operate, and the benefits and synergies to be obtained from our completed and any future acquisitions, and statements of our goals and objectives, and other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. words such as "may," "will," "should," "could," "would," "predicts," "potential," "continue," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "appears," "projects" and similar expressions, or the negative of those words and expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. in evaluating those statements, you should specifically consider various factors, including the risks related to healthcare industry trends and those set forth herein in item 1a. risk factors.  those factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from any of our forward-looking statements.
forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by which, such performance or results will be achieved. forward-looking information is based on information available at the time and/or our good faith belief with respect to future events, and is subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. many factors, including those set forth herein in item 1a. risk factors, and other important factors disclosed in this report, and from time to time in our other filings with the sec, could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. such factors include, among other things, the following:
•we are subject to risks associated with public health threats and epidemics, including the health concerns relating to the covid-19 pandemic. in january 2020, the centers for disease control and prevention ("cdc") confirmed the spread of the disease to the united states. in march 2020, the world health organization declared the covid-19 outbreak a pandemic. the federal government has declared covid-19 a national emergency, as many federal and state authorities have implemented aggressive measures to "flatten the curve" of confirmed individuals diagnosed with covid-19 in an attempt to curtail the spread of the virus and to avoid overwhelming the health care system;
•the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, which began during the second half of march, 2020, has had a material effect on our operations and financial results since that time. the length and extent of the disruptions caused by the covid‐19 pandemic are currently unknown; however, we expect such disruptions to continue into the future. since the future volumes and severity of covid-19 patients remain highly uncertain and subject to change, including potential increases in future covid-19 patient volumes caused by new variants of the virus, as well as related pressures on staffing and wage rates, we are not able to fully quantify the impact that these factors will have on our future financial results. however, developments related to the covid-19 pandemic could continue to materially affect our financial performance. even after the covid-19 pandemic has subsided, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts on our financial condition and our results of operations as a result of its macroeconomic impact, including the risks of a global recession or a recession in one or more of our key markets, the impact they may have on us and our customers and our assessment of that impact, and any disruptions and inefficiencies in the supply chain, and many of our known risks described in the risk factors section of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022;
•the nationwide shortage of nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel has been a significant operating issue facing us and other healthcare providers. like others in the healthcare industry, we continue to experience a shortage of nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel at our acute care and behavioral health care hospitals in many geographic areas. in some areas, the labor scarcity is putting a strain on our resources and staff, which has required us to utilize higher‐cost temporary labor and pay premiums above standard compensation for essential workers. this staffing shortage has required us to hire expensive temporary personnel and/or enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel. at certain facilities, particularly within our behavioral health care segment, we have been unable to fill all vacant positions and, consequently, have been required to limit patient volumes. these factors, which had a material unfavorable impact on our results of operations during 2022, are expected to continue to have an unfavorable material impact on our results of operations for the foreseeable future;
•the centers for medicare and medicaid services ("cms") issued an interim final rule ("ifr") effective november 5, 2021 mandating covid-19 vaccinations for all applicable staff at all medicare and medicaid certified facilities. under the ifr, facilities covered by this regulation must establish a policy ensuring all eligible staff have received the covid-19 vaccine prior to providing any care, treatment, or other services. all eligible staff must have received the necessary shots to be fully vaccinated. the regulation also provides for exemptions based on recognized medical conditions or religious beliefs, observances, or practices. under the ifr, facilities must develop a similar process or plan for permitting exemptions in alignment with federal law. if facilities fail to comply with the ifr by the deadlines established, they are subject to potential termination from the medicare and medicaid program for non-compliance. we cannot predict at this time the potential viability or impact of any additional vaccination requirements. implementation of these rules could have an impact on staffing at our facilities for those employees that are not vaccinated in accordance with ifr requirements, and associated loss of revenues and increased costs resulting from staffing issues could have a material adverse effect on our financial results;
•the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act"), a stimulus package signed into law on march 27, 2020, authorizes $100 billion in grant funding to hospitals and other healthcare providers to be distributed through the public health and social services emergency fund (the "phssef"). these funds are not required to be repaid provided the recipients attest to and comply with certain terms and conditions, including limitations on balance billing and not using phssef funds to reimburse expenses or losses that other sources are obligated to reimburse. however, since the expenses and losses will be ultimately measured over the life of the covid-19 pandemic, potential retrospective unfavorable adjustments in future periods, of funds recorded as revenues in prior periods, could occur. the u.s. department of health and human services ("hhs") initially distributed $30 billion of this funding based on each provider's share of total medicare fee-for-service reimbursement in 2019. subsequently, hhs determined that cares act funding (including the $30 billion already distributed) would be allocated proportional to providers' share of 2018 net patient revenue. we have received payments from these initial distributions of the phssef as disclosed herein. hhs has indicated that distributions of the remaining $50 billion will be targeted primarily to hospitals in covid-19 high impact areas, to rural providers, safety net hospitals and certain medicaid providers and to reimburse providers for covid-19 related treatment of uninsured patients. we have received payments from these targeted distributions of the phssef, as disclosed herein. the cares act also makes other forms of financial assistance available to healthcare providers, including through medicare and medicaid payment adjustments and an expansion of the medicare accelerated and advance payment program, which made available accelerated payments of medicare funds in order to increase cash flow to providers. on april 26, 2020, cms announced it was reevaluating and temporarily suspending the medicare accelerated and advance payment program in light of the availability of the phssef and the significant funds available through other programs. we have received accelerated payments under this program during 2020, and returned early all of those funds during the first quarter of 2021, as disclosed herein. the paycheck protection program and health care enhancement act (the "ppphce act"), a stimulus package signed into law on april 24, 2020, includes additional emergency appropriations for covid-19 response, including $75 billion to be distributed to eligible providers through the phssef. a third phase of phssef allocations made $24.5 billion available for providers who previously received, rejected or accepted phssef payments. applicants that had not yet received phssef payments of 2 percent of patient revenue were to receive a payment that, when combined with prior payments (if any), equals 2 percent of patient care revenue. providers that have already received payments of approximately 2 percent of annual revenue from patient care were potentially eligible for an additional payment. recipients will not be required to repay the government for phssef funds received, provided they comply with hhs defined terms and conditions. on december 27, 2020, the consolidated appropriations act, 2021 ("caa") was signed into law. the caa appropriated an additional $3 billion to the phssef, codified flexibility for providers to calculate lost revenues, and permitted parent organizations to allocate phssef targeted distributions to subsidiary organizations. the caa also provides that not less than 85 percent of the unobligated phssef amounts and any future funds recovered from health care providers should be used for additional distributions that consider financial losses and changes in operating expenses in the third or fourth quarters of 2020 and the first quarter of 2021 that are attributable to the coronavirus. the caa provided additional funding for testing, contact tracing and vaccine administration. providers receiving payments were required to sign terms and conditions regarding utilization of the payments. any provider receiving funds in excess of $10,000 in the aggregate will be required to report data elements to hhs detailing utilization of the payments, and we will be required to file such reports. we, and other providers, will report healthcare related expenses attributable to covid-19 that have not been reimbursed by another source, which may include general and administrative or healthcare related operating expenses. funds may also be applied to lost revenues, represented as a negative change in year-over-year net patient care operating income. the deadline for using all provider relief fund payments depends on the date of the payment received period; payments received in the first period of april 10, 2020 to june 30, 2020 were to have been expended by june 30, 2021 and payments received in the fourth period of july 1, 2021 to december 31, 2021 were to have been expended by december 31, 2022. the american rescue plan act of 2021 ("arpa"), enacted on march 11, 2021, included funding directed at detecting, diagnosing, tracing, and monitoring covid-19 infections; establishing community vaccination centers and mobile vaccine units; promoting, distributing, and tracking covid-19 vaccines; and reimbursing rural hospitals and facilities for healthcare-related expenses and lost revenues attributable to covid-19. arpa increased the eligibility for, and amount of, premium tax credits to purchase health coverage through patient protection and affordable care act, as amended by the health and education reconciliation act (collectively, the "legislation"). further, arpa set the medicaid program's federal medical assistance percentage ("fmap") at 100 percent for amounts expended for covid-19 vaccines and vaccine administration. arpa also increases the fmap by 5 percent for eight calendar quarters to incentivize states to expand their medicaid programs. finally, arpa provides subsidies to cover 100 percent of health insurance premiums under the consolidated omnibus budget reconciliation act through september 30, 2021. there is a high degree of uncertainty surrounding the implementation of the cares act, the ppphce act, the caa and arpa, and the federal government may consider additional stimulus and relief efforts, but we are unable to predict whether additional stimulus measures will be enacted or their impact. on december 29, 2022, the consolidated appropriations act, 2023, was signed into law and phases out the enhanced fmap rate and fully eliminates the increase on december 31, 2023. states are also permitted to begin medicaid eligibility redeterminations on march 31, 2023, which is anticipated to result in a large decrease in medicaid enrollment. there can be no assurance as to the total amount of financial and other types of assistance we will receive under the cares act, the ppphce act, the caa and the arpa, and it is difficult to predict the impact of such legislation on our operations or how they will affect operations of our competitors. moreover, we are unable to assess the extent to which anticipated negative impacts on us arising from the covid-19 pandemic will be offset by amounts or benefits received or to be received under the cares act, the ppphce act, the caa and the arpa;
•hhs had adopted certain reimbursement policies and regulatory flexibilities favorable to providers during the public health emergency ("phe") declared in response to the covid-19 pandemic. hhs has published guidance indicating its intent for the phe to expire on may 11, 2023. the end of the phe status will result in the conclusion of those policies over various designated timeframes. we cannot predict whether the loss of any such favorable conditions available to providers during the declared phe will ultimately have a negative financial impact on us;
•our ability to comply with the existing laws and government regulations, and/or changes in laws and government regulations;
•an increasing number of legislative initiatives have been passed into law that may result in major changes in the health care delivery system on a national or state level. for example, congress has reduced to $0 the penalty for failing to maintain health coverage that was part of the original legislation as part of the tax cuts and jobs act. president biden has undertaken and is expected to undertake additional executive actions that will strengthen the legislation and reverse the policies of the prior administration. to date, the biden administration has issued executive orders implementing a special enrollment period permitting individuals to enroll in health plans outside of the annual open enrollment period and reexamining policies that may undermine the legislation or the medicaid program. the inflation reduction act of 2022 ("ira") was passed on august 16, 2022, which among other things, allows for cms to negotiate prices for certain single-source drugs reimbursed under medicare part b and part d. the arpa's expansion of subsidies to purchase coverage through a legislation exchange, which the ira continued through 2025, is anticipated to increase exchange enrollment. the trump administration had directed the issuance of final rules (i) enabling the formation of association health plans that would be exempt from certain legislation requirements such as the provision of essential health benefits, (ii) expanding the availability of short-term, limited duration health insurance, (iii) eliminating cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers that would otherwise offset deductibles and other out-of-pocket expenses for health plan enrollees at or below 250 percent of the federal poverty level, (iv) relaxing requirements for state innovation waivers that could reduce enrollment in the individual and small group markets and lead to additional enrollment in short-term, limited duration insurance and association health plans and (v) incentivizing the use of health reimbursement arrangements by employers to permit employees to purchase health insurance in the individual market. the uncertainty resulting from these executive branch policies may have led to reduced exchange enrollment in 2018, 2019 and 2020. it is also anticipated that these policies, to the extent that they remain as implemented, may create additional cost and reimbursement pressures on hospitals, including ours. in addition, there have been numerous political and legal efforts to expand, repeal, replace or modify the legislation since its enactment, some of which have been successful, in part, in modifying the legislation, as well as court challenges to the constitutionality of the legislation. the u.s. supreme court rejected the latest such case on june 17, 2021, when the court held in california v. texas that the plaintiffs lacked standing to challenge the legislation's requirement to obtain minimum essential health insurance coverage, or the individual mandate. the court dismissed the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the legislation. as a result, the legislation will continue to remain law, in its entirety, likely for the foreseeable future. on september 7, 2022, the legislation faced its most recent challenge when a texas federal district court judge, in the case of braidwood management v. becerra, ruled that a requirement that certain health plans cover services without cost sharing violates the appointments clause of the u.s. constitution and that the coverage of certain hiv prevention medication violates the religious freedom restoration act. any future efforts to challenge, replace or replace the legislation or expand or substantially amend its provision is unknown. see below in sources of revenue and health care reform for additional disclosure;
•under the legislation, hospitals are required to make public a list of their standard charges, and effective january 1, 2019, cms has required that this disclosure be in machine-readable format and include charges for all hospital items and services and average charges for diagnosis-related groups. on november 27, 2019, cms published a final rule on "price transparency requirements for hospitals to make standard charges public." this rule took effect on january 1, 2021 and requires all hospitals to also make public their payer-specific negotiated rates, minimum negotiated rates, maximum negotiated rates, and discounted cash rates, for all items and services, including individual items and services and service packages, that could be provided by a hospital to a patient. failure to comply with these requirements may result in daily monetary penalties. on november 2, 2021, cms released a final rule amending several hospital price transparency policies and increasing the amount of penalties for noncompliance through the use of a scaling factor based on hospital bed count;
•as part of the caa, congress passed legislation aimed at preventing or limiting patient balance billing in certain circumstances. the caa addresses surprise medical bills stemming from emergency services, out-of-network ancillary providers at in-network facilities, and air ambulance carriers. the legislation prohibits surprise billing when out-of-network emergency services or out-of-network services at an in-network facility are provided, unless informed consent is received. in these circumstances providers are prohibited from billing the patient for any amounts that exceed in-network cost-sharing requirements. hhs, the department of labor and the department of the treasury have issued interim final rules, which begin to implement the legislation. the rules are expected to limit our ability to receive payment for services at usually higher out-of-network rates in certain circumstances and prohibit out-of-network payments in other circumstances. on february 28, 2022, a district judge in the eastern district of texas invalidated portions of the rule governing aspects of the independent dispute resolution ("idr") process. in light of this decision, the government issued a final rule on august 19, 2022 eliminating the rebuttable presumption in favor of the qualifying payment amount ("qpa") by the idr entity and providing additional factors the idr entity should consider when choosing between two competing offers. on september 22, 2022, the texas medical association filed a lawsuit challenging the idr process provided in the updated final rule and alleging that the final rule unlawfully elevates the qpa above other factors the idr entity must consider. the american hospital association and american medical association have announced their intent to join this case as amici supporting the texas medical association;
•possible unfavorable changes in the levels and terms of reimbursement for our charges by third party payers or government based payers, including medicare or medicaid in the united states, and government based payers in the united kingdom;
•our ability to enter into managed care provider agreements on acceptable terms and the ability of our competitors to do the same;
•the outcome of known and unknown litigation, government investigations, false claims act allegations, and liabilities and other claims asserted against us and other matters as disclosed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements - commitments and contingencies and the effects of adverse publicity relating to such matters;
•competition from other healthcare providers (including physician owned facilities) in certain markets;
•technological and pharmaceutical improvements that increase the cost of providing, or reduce the demand for healthcare;
•our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, nurses, physicians and other healthcare professionals and the impact on our labor expenses resulting from a shortage of nurses and other healthcare professionals;
•demographic changes;
•there is a heightened risk of future cybersecurity threats, including ransomware attacks targeting healthcare providers. if successful, future cyberattacks could have a material adverse effect on our business. any costs that we incur as a result of a data security incident or breach, including costs to update our security protocols to mitigate such an incident or breach could be significant. any breach or failure in our operational security systems can result in loss of data or an unauthorized disclosure of or access to sensitive or confidential member or protected personal or health information and could result in significant penalties or fines, litigation, loss of customers, significant damage to our reputation and business, and other losses;
•the availability of suitable acquisition and divestiture opportunities and our ability to successfully integrate and improve our acquisitions since failure to achieve expected acquisition benefits from certain of our prior or future acquisitions could result in impairment charges for goodwill and purchased intangibles;
•the impact of severe weather conditions, including the effects of hurricanes and climate change;
•as discussed below in sources of revenue, we receive revenues from various state and county-based programs, including medicaid in all the states in which we operate. we receive annual medicaid revenues of approximately $100 million, or greater, from each of texas, california, nevada, illinois, pennsylvania, washington, d.c., florida, kentucky and massachusetts. we also receive medicaid disproportionate share hospital payments in certain states including texas and south carolina. we are therefore particularly sensitive to potential reductions in medicaid and other state-based revenue programs as well as regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive changes in those states. we can provide no assurance that reductions to revenues earned pursuant to these programs, and the effect of the covid-19 pandemic on state budgets, particularly in the above-mentioned states, will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations;
•our ability to continue to obtain capital on acceptable terms, including borrowed funds, to fund the future growth of our business;
•our inpatient acute care and behavioral health care facilities may experience decreasing admission and length of stay trends;
•our financial statements reflect large amounts due from various commercial and private payers and there can be no assurance that failure of the payers to remit amounts due to us will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations;
•the budget control act of 2011 (the "2011 act") imposed annual spending limits for most federal agencies and programs aimed at reducing budget deficits by $917 billion between 2012 and 2021, according to a report released by the congressional budget office. among its other provisions, the law established a bipartisan congressional committee, known as the joint select committee on deficit reduction (the "joint committee"), which was tasked with making recommendations aimed at reducing future federal budget deficits by an additional $1.5 trillion over 10 years. the joint committee was unable to reach an agreement by the november 23, 2011 deadline and, as a result, across-the-board cuts to discretionary, national defense and medicare spending were implemented on march 1, 2013 resulting in medicare payment reductions of up to 2% per fiscal year with a uniform percentage reduction across all medicare programs. the bipartisan budget act of 2015, enacted on november 2, 2015, continued the 2% reductions to medicare reimbursement imposed under the 2011 act. recent legislation suspended payment reductions through december 31, 2021 in exchange for extended cuts through 2030. subsequent legislation extended the payment reduction suspension through march 31, 2022, with a 1% payment reduction from then until june 30, 2022 and the full 2% payment reduction thereafter. the most recent legislation extended these reductions through 2032. we cannot predict whether congress will restructure the implemented medicare payment reductions or what other federal budget deficit reduction initiatives may be proposed by congress going forward. see below in 2019 novel coronavirus disease medicare and medicaid payment related legislation - medicare sequestration relief, for additional disclosure related to the favorable effect the legislative extensions have had on our results of operations;
•uninsured and self-pay patients treated at our acute care facilities unfavorably impact our ability to satisfactorily and timely collect our self-pay patient accounts;
•changes in our business strategies or development plans;
•in june, 2016, the united kingdom affirmatively voted in a non-binding referendum in favor of the exit of the united kingdom ("u.k.") from the european union (the "brexit") and it was approved by vote of the british legislature. on march 29, 2017, the united kingdom triggered article 50 of the lisbon treaty, formally starting negotiations regarding its exit from the european union. on january 31, 2020, the u.k. formally exited the european union. on december 24, 2020, the united kingdom and the european union reached a post-brexit trade and cooperation agreement that created new business and security requirements and preserved the united kingdom's tariff- and quota-free access to the european union member states. the trade and cooperation agreement was provisionally applied as of january 1, 2021 and entered into force on may 1, 2021, following ratification by the european union. we do not know to what extent brexit will ultimately impact the business and regulatory environment in the u.k., the european union, or other countries. any of these effects of brexit, and others we cannot anticipate, could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations;
•in 2021, the rate of inflation in the united states began to increase and has since risen to levels not experienced in over 40 years. we are experiencing inflationary pressures, primarily in personnel costs, and we anticipate impacts on other cost areas within the next twelve months. the extent of any future impacts from inflation on our business and our results of operations will be dependent upon how long the elevated inflation levels persist and the extent to which the rate of inflation further increases, if at all, neither of which we are able to predict. if elevated levels of inflation were to persist or if the rate of inflation were to accelerate, our expenses could increase faster than anticipated and we may utilize our capital resources sooner than expected. further, given the complexities of the reimbursement landscape in which we operate, our payers may be unwilling or unable to increase reimbursement rates to compensate for inflationary impacts. although we have hedged some of our floating rate indebtedness, the rapid increase in interest rates have increased our interest expense significantly increasing our expenses and reducing our free cash flow and our ability to access the capital markets on favorable terms. as such, the effects of inflation may adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows;
•we have exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily the pound sterling. we have international subsidiaries that operate in the united kingdom. we routinely hedge our exposures to foreign currencies with certain financial institutions in an effort to minimize the impact of certain currency exchange rate fluctuations, but these hedges may be inadequate to protect us from currency exchange rate fluctuations. to the extent that these hedges are inadequate, our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business could be adversely affected. furthermore, if a financial counterparty to our hedges experiences financial difficulties or is otherwise unable to honor the terms of the foreign currency hedge, we may experience material financial losses, and;
•other factors referenced herein or in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission.
given these uncertainties, risks and assumptions, as outlined above, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. our actual results and financial condition could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. we assume no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information, except as may be required by law. all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
a summary of our significant accounting policies is outlined in note 1 to the financial statements. we consider our critical accounting policies to be those that require us to make significant judgments and estimates when we prepare our financial statements, including the following:
revenue recognition: we report net patient service revenue at the estimated net realizable amounts from patients and third-party payers and others for services rendered. we have agreements with third-party payers that provide for payments to us at amounts different from our established rates. payment arrangements include rates per discharge, reimbursed costs, discounted charges and per diem payments. estimates of contractual allowances under managed care plans, which represent explicit price concessions, are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements. we closely monitor our historical collection rates, as well as changes in applicable laws, rules and regulations and contract terms, to assure that provisions are made using the most accurate information available. however, due to the complexities involved in these estimations, actual payments from payers may be different from the amounts we estimate and record.
see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements-revenue recognition, for additional disclosure related to our revenues including a disaggregation of our consolidated net revenues by major source for each of the periods presented herein.
we estimate our medicare and medicaid revenues using the latest available financial information, patient utilization data, government provided data and in accordance with applicable medicare and medicaid payment rules and regulations. the laws and regulations governing the medicare and medicaid programs are extremely complex and subject to interpretation and as a result, there is at least a reasonable possibility that recorded estimates will change by material amounts in the near term. certain types of payments by the medicare program and state medicaid programs (e.g. medicare disproportionate share hospital, medicare allowable bad debts and inpatient psychiatric services) are subject to retroactive adjustment in future periods as a result of administrative review and audit and our estimates may vary from the final settlements. such amounts are included in accounts receivable, net, on our consolidated balance sheets. the funding of both federal medicare and state medicaid programs are subject to legislative and regulatory changes. as such, we cannot provide any assurance that future legislation and regulations, if enacted, will not have a material impact on our future medicare and medicaid reimbursements. adjustments related to the final settlement of these retrospectively determined amounts did not materially impact our results in 2022, 2021 or 2020. if it were to occur, each 1% adjustment to our estimated net medicare revenues that are subject to retrospective review and settlement as of december 31, 2022, would change our after-tax net income by approximately $1 million.
charity care, uninsured discounts and other adjustments to revenue: collection of receivables from third-party payers and patients is our primary source of cash and is critical to our operating performance. our primary collection risks relate to uninsured patients and the portion of the bill which is the patient's responsibility, primarily co-payments and deductibles. we estimate our revenue adjustments for implicit price concessions based on general factors such as payer mix, the aging of the receivables and historical collection experience. we routinely review accounts receivable balances in conjunction with these factors and other economic conditions which might ultimately affect the collectability of the patient accounts and make adjustments to our allowances as warranted. at our acute care hospitals, third party liability accounts are pursued until all payment and adjustments are posted to the patient account. for those accounts with a patient balance after third party liability is finalized or accounts for uninsured patients, the patient receives statements and collection letters.
historically, a significant portion of the patients treated throughout our portfolio of acute care hospitals are uninsured patients which, in part, has resulted from patients who are employed but do not have health insurance or who have policies with relatively high deductibles. patients treated at our hospitals for non-elective services, who have gross income of various amounts, dependent upon the state, ranging from 200% to 400% of the federal poverty guidelines, are deemed eligible for charity care. the federal poverty guidelines are established by the federal government and are based on income and family size. because we do not pursue collection of amounts that qualify as charity care, the transaction price is fully adjusted and there is no impact in our net revenues or in our accounts receivable, net.
a portion of the accounts receivable at our acute care facilities are comprised of medicaid accounts that are pending approval from third-party payers but we also have smaller amounts due from other miscellaneous payers such as county indigent programs in certain states. our patient registration process includes an interview of the patient or the patient's responsible party at the time of registration. at that time, an insurance eligibility determination is made and an insurance plan code is assigned. there are various pre-established insurance profiles in our patient accounting system which determine the expected insurance reimbursement for each patient based on the insurance plan code assigned and the services rendered. certain patients may be classified as medicaid pending at registration based upon a screening evaluation if we are unable to definitively determine if they are currently medicaid eligible. when a patient is registered as medicaid eligible or medicaid pending, our patient accounting system records net revenues for services provided to that patient based upon the established medicaid reimbursement rates, subject to the ultimate disposition of the patient's medicaid eligibility. when the patient's ultimate eligibility is determined, reclassifications may occur which impacts net revenues in future periods. although the patient's ultimate eligibility determination may result in adjustments to net revenues, these adjustments did not have a material impact on our results of operations in 2022 or 2021 since our facilities make estimates at each financial reporting period to adjust revenue based on historical collections.
we also provide discounts to uninsured patients (included in "uninsured discounts" amounts below) who do not qualify for medicaid or charity care. because we do not pursue collection of amounts classified as uninsured discounts, the transaction price is fully adjusted and there is no impact in our net revenues or in our net accounts receivable. in implementing the discount policy, we first attempt to qualify uninsured patients for governmental programs, charity care or any other discount program. if an uninsured patient does not qualify for these programs, the uninsured discount is applied.
uncompensated care (charity care and uninsured discounts):
the following table shows the amounts recorded at our acute care hospitals for charity care and uninsured discounts, based on charges at established rates, for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021:
(dollar amounts in thousands)
2022                                       2021
amount               %                      amount               %
charity care                           $786,962              35   %                $661,965              33   %
uninsured discounts                   1,474,933              65   %               1,336,319              67   %
total uncompensated care             $2,261,895             100   %              $1,998,284             100   %
the estimated cost of providing uncompensated care:
the estimated cost of providing uncompensated care, as reflected below, were based on a calculation which multiplied the percentage of operating expenses for our acute care hospitals to gross charges for those hospitals by the above-mentioned total uncompensated care amounts. the percentage of cost to gross charges is calculated based on the total operating expenses for our acute care facilities divided by gross patient service revenue for those facilities. an increase in the level of uninsured patients to our facilities and the resulting adverse trends in the adjustments to net revenues and uncompensated care provided could have a material unfavorable impact on our future operating results.
(amounts in thousands)
2022                       2021
estimated cost of providing charity care                                  $85,434                      $72,095
estimated cost of providing uninsured discounts related care              160,122                      145,538
estimated cost of providing uncompensated care                           $245,556                     $217,633
self-insured/other insurance risks: we provide for self-insured risks, primarily general and professional liability claims, workers' compensation claims and healthcare and dental claims. our estimated liability for self-insured professional and general liability claims is based on a number of factors including, among other things, the number of asserted claims and reported incidents, estimates of losses for these claims based on recent and historical settlement amounts, estimate of incurred but not reported claims based on historical experience, and estimates of amounts recoverable under our commercial insurance policies. all relevant information, including our own historical experience is used in estimating the expected amount of claims. while we continuously monitor these factors, our ultimate liability for professional and general liability claims could change materially from our current estimates due to inherent uncertainties involved in making this estimate. our estimated self-insured reserves are reviewed and changed, if necessary, at each reporting date and changes are recognized currently as additional expense or as a reduction of expense.
in addition, we also: (i) own commercial health insurers headquartered in nevada and puerto rico, and; (ii) maintain self-insured employee benefits programs for employee healthcare and dental claims. the ultimate costs related to these programs/operations include expenses for claims incurred and paid in addition to an accrual for the estimated expenses incurred in connection with claims incurred but not yet reported. given our significant insurance-related exposure, there can be no assurance that a sharp increase in the number and/or severity of claims asserted against us will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements-commitments and contingencies for additional disclosure related to our self-insured general and professional liability and workers' compensation liability.
long-lived assets: we review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. the assessment of possible impairment is based on our ability to recover the carrying value of our asset based on our estimate of its undiscounted future cash flow. if the analysis indicates that the carrying value is not recoverable from future cash flows, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recognized. fair values are determined based on estimated future cash flows using appropriate discount rates. please see additional disclosure below in provision for asset impairment.
goodwill and intangible assets: goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis or more often if indicators of impairment arise. our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on market conditions and operational performance of each reporting unit. we have designated october 1st as our annual impairment assessment date for our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets.
we performed an impairment assessment as of october 1, 2022 which indicated no impairment of goodwill. there was no goodwill impairment during 2021.
future changes in the estimates used to conduct the impairment review, including profitability and market value projections, could indicate impairment in future periods potentially resulting in a write-off of a portion or all of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets.
income taxes: deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the amount of taxes payable or deductible in future years as a result of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. we believe that future income will enable us to realize our deferred tax assets net of recorded valuation allowances relating to state and foreign net operating loss carry-forwards, tax credits, and interest deduction limitations.
we operate in multiple jurisdictions with varying tax laws. we are subject to audits by any of these taxing authorities. our tax returns have been examined by the internal revenue service through the year ended december 31, 2006. we believe that adequate accruals have been provided for federal, foreign and state taxes.
see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements-income taxes for additional disclosure of our effective tax rates.
recent accounting pronouncements: for a summary of recent accounting pronouncements, please see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements-accounting standards as included in this report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
cares act and other governmental grants and medicare accelerated payments: please see sources of revenue- 2019 novel coronavirus disease medicare and medicaid payment related legislation below for additional disclosure.
results of operations covid-19, clinical staffing shortage and effects of inflation:
the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, which began during the second half of march, 2020, has had a material effect on our operations and financial results since that time. the length and extent of the disruptions caused by the covid‐19 pandemic are currently unknown; however, we expect such disruptions to continue into the future. since the future volumes and severity of covid-19 patients remain highly uncertain and subject to change, including potential increases in future covid-19 patient volumes caused by new variants of the virus, as well as related pressures on staffing and wage rates, we are not able to fully quantify the impact that these factors will have on our future financial results. however, developments related to the covid-19 pandemic could continue to materially affect our financial performance.
the healthcare industry is labor intensive and salaries, wages and benefits are subject to inflationary pressures, as are supplies expense and other operating expenses. in addition, the nationwide shortage of nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel has been a significant operating issue facing us and other healthcare providers. like others in the healthcare industry, we continue to experience a shortage of nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel at our acute care and behavioral health care hospitals in many geographic areas. in some areas, the labor scarcity is putting a strain on our resources and staff, which has required us to utilize higher‐cost temporary labor and pay premiums above standard compensation for essential workers. this staffing shortage has required us to hire expensive temporary personnel and/or enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel. at certain facilities, particularly within our behavioral health care segment, we have been unable to fill all vacant positions and, consequently, have been required to limit patient volumes. this staffing shortage may require us to further enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel or require us to hire expensive temporary personnel. we have also experienced cost increases related to the procurement of medical supplies as well as certain of our other operating expenses which we believe resulted from supply chain disruptions as well as general inflationary pressures. these factors, which had a material unfavorable impact on our results of operations during 2022, have been moderating to a certain degree but are expected to continue to have an unfavorable material impact on our results of operations for the foreseeable future.
although our ability to pass on increased costs associated with providing healthcare to medicare and medicaid patients is limited due to various federal, state and local laws which, in certain circumstances, limit our ability to increase prices, we have been negotiating increased rates from commercial insurers to defray our increased cost of providing patient care. in addition, we have implemented various productivity enhancement programs and cost reduction initiatives including, but not limited to, the following: team-based patient care initiatives designed to optimize the level of patient care services provided by our licensed nurses/clinicians; efforts to reduce utilization of, and rates paid for, premium pay labor; consolidation of medical supply vendors to increase purchasing discounts; review and reduction of clinical variation in connection with the utilization of medical supplies, and; various other efforts to increase productivity and/or reduce costs including investments in new information technology applications.
the following table summarizes our results of operations, and is used in the discussion below, for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                                              2021                                               2020
% of net                                           % of net                                           % of net amount              revenues                       amount              revenues                       amount              revenues net revenues                                     $13,399,370                 100.0   %              $12,642,117                 100.0   %              $11,558,897                 100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                       6,762,256                  50.5   %                6,163,944                  48.8   %                5,613,097                  48.6   %
other operating expenses                           3,445,733                  25.7   %                3,035,869                  24.0   %                2,672,762                  23.1   %
supplies expense                                   1,474,339                  11.0   %                1,427,134                  11.3   %                1,288,132                  11.1   %
depreciation and amortization                        581,861                   4.3   %                  533,213                   4.2   %                  510,493                   4.4   %
lease and rental expense                             131,626                   1.0   %                  118,863                   0.9   %                  116,059                   1.0   %
subtotal-operating expenses                       12,395,815                  92.5   %               11,279,023                  89.2   %               10,200,543                  88.2   %
income from operations                             1,003,555                   7.5   %                1,363,094                  10.8   %                1,358,354                  11.8   %
interest expense, net                                126,889                   0.9   %                   83,672                   0.7   %                  106,285                   0.9   %
other (income) expense, net                           10,406                   0.1   %                  (13,891   )              -0.1   %                      (14   )               0.0   %
income before income taxes                           866,260                   6.5   %                1,293,313                  10.2   %                1,252,083                  10.8   %
provision for income taxes                           209,278                   1.6   %                  305,681                   2.4   %                  299,293                   2.6   %
net income                                           656,982                   4.9   %                  987,632                   7.8   %                  952,790                   8.2   %
less: net income (loss) attributable                 (18,627   )              -0.1   %                   (3,958   )               0.0   %                    8,837                   0.1   %
to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to uhs                      $675,609                   5.0   %                 $991,590                   7.8   %                 $943,953                   8.2   %
net revenues increased by 6.0%, or $757 million, to $13.40 billion during 2022 as compared to $12.64 billion during 2021. the increase in net revenues was primarily attributable to:
•a $507 million or 4.1% increase in net revenues generated from our acute care and behavioral health care operations owned during both periods (which we refer to as "same facility"), and;
•$250 million of other combined net increases including the revenues generated at facilities and businesses acquired during the past year, the revenues generated at a newly constructed, 158-bed acute care hospital located in reno, nevada, that opened in early april, 2022, and a $77 million increase in provider tax assessments programs (which had no impact on net income attributable to uhs as reflected above since the amounts were offset between net revenues and other operating expenses).
income before income taxes decreased by $427 million to $866 million during 2022 as compared to $1.29 billion during 2021. the decrease was attributable to:
•a decrease of $305 million at our acute care facilities, as discussed below in acute care hospital services;
•a decrease of $45 million at our behavioral health care facilities, as discussed below in behavioral health services;
•a decrease of $43 million due to an increase in interest expense due to an increase in our aggregate average outstanding borrowings as well as an increase in our weighted average cost of borrowings, as discussed below in other operating results-interest expense, and;
•$34 million of other combined net decreases.
net income attributable to uhs decreased by $316 million to $675 million during 2022 as compared to $992 million during 2021. this decrease was attributable to:
•a decrease of $427 million in income before income taxes, as discussed above;
•an increase of $15 million due to an increase in the loss attributable to noncontrolling interests, and;
•an increase of $96 million resulting from a net decrease in the provision for income taxes due primarily to the income tax benefit recorded in connection with the $412 million decrease in pre-tax income. please see additional disclosure below in other operating results-provision for income taxes and effective tax rates.
increase to self-insured professional and general liability reserves:
our estimated liability for self-insured professional and general liability claims is based on a number of factors including, among other things, the number of asserted claims and reported incidents, estimates of losses for these claims based on recent and historical settlement amounts, estimates of incurred but not reported claims based on historical experience, and estimates of amounts recoverable under our commercial insurance policies.
as a result of unfavorable trends experienced during 2022 and 2021, included in our results of operations were pre-tax increases of $16 million during 2022, and $52 million during 2021, to our reserves for self-insured professional and general liability claims. during 2022, approximately $10 million of the reserves increase is included in our same facility basis acute care hospitals services' results, and approximately $6 million is included in our behavioral health services' results. during 2021, approximately $39 million of the reserves increase is included in our same facility basis acute care hospitals services' results, and approximately $13 million is included in our behavioral health services' results.
acute care hospital services the following table sets forth certain operating statistics for our acute care hospital services for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021.
same facility basis                                               all
2022                               2021                        2022                     2021
average licensed beds                      6,760                         6,566                    6,923                    6,566
average available beds                     6,588                         6,394                    6,751                    6,394
patient days                           1,546,067                     1,568,639                1,569,611                1,568,639
average daily census                     4,235.8                       4,297.6                  4,300.3                  4,297.6
occupancy-licensed beds                     62.7     %                    65.5   %                 62.1   %                 65.5   %
occupancy-available beds                    64.3     %                    67.2   %                 63.7   %                 67.2   %
admissions                               307,462                       305,296                  311,537                  305,296
length of stay                               5.0                           5.1                      5.0                      5.1
acute care hospital services-same facility basis we believe that providing our results on a "same facility" basis (which is a non-gaap measure), which includes the operating results for facilities and businesses operated in both the current year and prior year periods, is helpful to our investors as a measure of our operating performance. our same facility results also neutralize (if applicable) the effect of items that are non-operational in nature including items such as, but not limited to, gains/losses on sales of assets and businesses, impacts of settlements, legal judgments and lawsuits, impairments of long-lived and intangible assets and other amounts that may be reflected in the current or prior year financial statements that relate to prior periods.
our same facility basis results reflected on the tables below also exclude from net revenues and other operating expenses, provider tax assessments incurred in each period as discussed below sources of revenue-various state medicaid supplemental payment programs. however, these provider tax assessments are included in net revenues and other operating expenses as reflected in the table below under all acute care hospital services. the provider tax assessments had no impact on the income before income taxes as reflected on the tables below since the amounts offset between net revenues and other operating expenses. to obtain a complete understanding of our financial performance, the same facility results should be examined in connection with our net income as determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and as presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as contained in this annual report on form 10-k.
the following table summarizes the results of operations for our acute care hospital services on a same facility basis and is used in the discussions below for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended                                      year ended december 31, 2022                               december 31, 2021
% of net                                        % of net amount                           revenues       amount                           revenues net revenues                    $7,281,739                          100.0   %   $6,998,257                          100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits            3,221,550                    44.2   %           2,964,934                    42.4   %
other operating expenses                1,860,791                    25.6   %           1,661,418                    23.7   %
supplies expense                        1,224,070                    16.8   %           1,224,499                    17.5   %
depreciation and amortization             361,354                     5.0   %             329,755                     4.7   %
lease and rental expense                   76,649                     1.1   %              75,391                     1.1   %
subtotal-operating expenses             6,744,414                    92.6   %           6,255,997                    89.4   %
income from operations                    537,325                     7.4   %             742,260                    10.6   %
interest expense, net                       1,109                     0.0   %               1,006                     0.0   %
other (income) expense, net                 1,493                     0.0   %   567                                   0.0   %
income before income taxes      $534,723                              7.3   %   $740,687                             10.6   %
during 2022, as compared to 2021, net revenues from our acute care hospital services, on a same facility basis, increased by $283 million or 4.1%. income before income taxes (and before income attributable to noncontrolling interests) decreased by $206 million, or 28%, amounting to $535 million, or 7.3% of net revenues during 2022, as compared to $741 million, or 10.6% of net revenues during 2021.
during 2022, net revenue per adjusted admission decreased by 0.3% while net revenue per adjusted patient day increased by 1.9%, as compared to 2021. during 2022, as compared to 2021, inpatient admissions to our acute care hospitals increased by 0.7% and adjusted admissions (adjusted for outpatient activity) increased by 3.1%. patient days at these facilities decreased by 1.4% and adjusted patient days increased by 0.9% during 2022, as compared to 2021. the average length of inpatient stay at these facilities was 5.0 days during 2022 and 5.1 days during 2021. the occupancy rate, based on the average available beds at these facilities, was 64% during 2022, as compared to 67% during 2021.
on a same facility basis during 2022, as compared to 2021, salaries, wages and benefits expense increased $257 million or 8.7%. the increase during 2022, as compared to 2021, was due primarily to higher labor costs due, in part, to the healthcare labor shortage as well as an increase in patients at our hospitals, during the first quarter of 2022, with covid‐19 which increased the demand for care and pressured our staffing resources requiring us to utilize higher‐cost temporary labor and pay premiums above standard compensation for essential workers. as compared to the first quarter of 2022, we experienced a decrease in patients with covid-19 during the remaining 9 months of the year which eased the need for higher-cost temporary labor and pay premiums.
other operating expenses increased $199 million, or 12.0%, during 2022, as compared to 2021. operating expenses incurred in connection with our commercial health insurer, consisting primarily of medical costs, increased approximately $97 million during 2022, as compared to 2021. excluding the operating expenses incurred in connection with our commercial health insurer, other operating expenses increased $103 million, or 7.6%.
supplies expense decreased slightly during 2022, as compared to 2021. offsetting the increased cost of supplies experienced during 2022, as compared to 2021, was a decrease in the number of patients treated with covid-19 at our hospitals during 2022, as compared to 2021. patients diagnosed with covid-19 generally require more intensive medical resources and supplies.
all acute care hospital services the following table summarizes the results of operations for all our acute care operations during 2022 and 2021. these amounts include: (i) our acute care results on a same facility basis, as indicated above; (ii) the impact of provider tax assessments which increased net revenues and other operating expenses but had no impact on income before income taxes, and; (iii) certain other amounts including, if applicable, the operating results of businesses the were acquired/opened, or divested/closed, during the past year as well as provisions for asset impairments. dollar amounts below are reflected in thousands.
49
year ended                                      year ended december 31, 2022                               december 31, 2021
% of net                                        % of net amount                           revenues       amount                           revenues net revenues                    $7,646,749                          100.0   %   $7,108,254                          100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits            3,332,535                    43.6   %           2,968,140                    41.8   %
other operating expenses                2,146,196                    28.1   %           1,772,312                    24.9   %
supplies expense                        1,264,688                    16.5   %           1,224,664                    17.2   %
depreciation and amortization             383,115                     5.0   %             331,508                     4.7   %
lease and rental expense                   86,654                     1.1   %              75,391                     1.1   %
subtotal-operating expenses             7,213,188                    94.3   %           6,372,015                    89.6   %
income from operations                    433,561                     5.7   %             736,239                    10.4   %
interest expense, net                       1,109                     0.0   %               1,006                     0.0   %
other (income) expense, net                 2,788                     0.0   %   567                                   0.0   %
income before income taxes      $429,664                              5.6   %   $734,666                             10.3   %
during 2022, as compared to 2021, net revenues from our acute care hospital services increased by $538 million, or 7.6%, due to: (i) the $283 million, or 4.1% increase in same facility revenues, as discussed above, and; (ii) $255 million of other combined increases due to facilities and businesses acquired during the past year, the revenues generated at the newly constructed hospital located in reno, nevada, that opened during the first quarter of 2022, and a $66 million increase in provider tax assessments.
income before income taxes decreased by $305 million, or 42%, to $430 million, or 5.6% of net revenues during 2022, as compared to $735 million, or 10.3% of net revenues during 2021. the decrease in income before income taxes resulted from: (i) the $206 million, or 28%, decrease in income before income taxes at our hospitals, on a same facility basis, as discussed above; (ii) a $58 million provision for asset impairment recorded during 2022, as discussed below in other operating results-provision for asset impairments, and; (iii) $41 million of other combined net decreases related primarily to the start-up losses incurred at the newly constructed acute care hospital located in reno, nevada, that opened during the first quarter of 2022.
during 2022, as compared to 2021, salaries, wages and benefits expense increased $364 million or 12.3%. the increase was due to the $257 million, or 8.7%, above-mentioned increase related to our acute care hospital services, on a same facility basis, as well as a combined increase of $107 million related to the facilities and businesses acquired/opened during the past year.
other operating expenses increased $374 million, or 21.1%, during 2022, as compared to 2021. the increase was due to the $199 million, or 12.0%, above-mentioned increase related to our acute care hospital services, on a same facility basis, a combined increase of $109 million related to the facilities and businesses acquired/opened during the past year, and a $66 million increase in provider tax assessments.
supplies expense increased $40 million, or 3.3%, during 2022, as compared to 2021. since, as discussed above, supplies expense decreased slightly for our acute care hospital services, on a same facility basis, the increase was due to the expense incurred at the facilities and businesses acquired/opened during the past year.
please see results of operations - covid-19, clinical staffing shortage and effects of inflation above for additional disclosure regarding the factors impacting our operating costs.
50
behavioral health care services the following table sets forth certain operating statistics for our behavioral health care services for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021.
same facility basis                                               all
2022                               2021                        2022                     2021
average licensed beds                     23,835                        23,749                   24,259                   24,132
average available beds                    23,735                        23,647                   24,159                   24,030
patient days                           6,164,887                     6,091,704                6,230,124                6,162,780
average daily census                    16,890.1                      16,689.6                 17,068.8                 16,884.3
occupancy-licensed beds                     70.9     %                    70.3   %                 70.4   %                 70.0   %
occupancy-available beds                    71.2     %                    70.6   %                 70.7   %                 70.3   %
admissions                               452,772                       449,670                  459,245                  457,006
length of stay                              13.6                          13.5                     13.6                     13.5
behavioral health care services-same facility basis we believe that providing our results on a "same facility" basis (which is a non-gaap measure), which includes the operating results for facilities and businesses operated in both the current year and prior year periods, is helpful to our investors as a measure of our operating performance. our same facility results also neutralize (if applicable) the effect of items that are non-operational in nature including items such as, but not limited to, gains/losses on sales of assets and businesses, impacts of settlements, legal judgments and lawsuits, impairments of long-lived and intangible assets and other amounts that may be reflected in the current or prior year financial statements that relate to prior periods.
our same facility basis results reflected on the table below also excludes from net revenues and other operating expenses, provider tax assessments incurred in each period as discussed below sources of revenue-various state medicaid supplemental payment programs. however, these provider tax assessments are included in net revenues and other operating expenses as reflected in the table below under all behavioral health care services. the provider tax assessments had no impact on the income before income taxes as reflected on the tables below since the amounts offset between net revenues and other operating expenses. to obtain a complete understanding of our financial performance, the same facility results should be examined in connection with our net income as determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and as presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as contained in this annual report on form 10-k.
the following table summarizes the results of operations for our behavioral health care services, on a same facility basis, and is used in the discussions below for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended                                      year ended december 31, 2022                               december 31, 2021
% of net                                        % of net amount                           revenues       amount                           revenues net revenues                    $5,595,179                          100.0   %   $5,371,512                          100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits            3,075,718                    55.0   %           2,863,708                    53.3   %
other operating expenses                1,071,443                    19.1   %           1,036,089                    19.3   %
supplies expense                          210,136                     3.8   %             202,816                     3.8   %
depreciation and amortization             180,958                     3.2   %             183,843                     3.4   %
lease and rental expense                   42,657                     0.8   %              40,438                     0.8   %
subtotal-operating expenses             4,580,912                    81.9   %           4,326,894                    80.6   %
income from operations                  1,014,267                    18.1   %           1,044,618                    19.4   %
interest expense, net                       3,749                     0.1   %               3,312                     0.1   %
other (income) expense, net                (6,343    )               -0.1   %   96                                    0.0   %
income before income taxes      $1,016,861                           18.2   %   $1,041,210                           19.4   %
during 2022, as compared to 2021, net revenues from our behavioral health services, on a same facility basis, increased by $224 million or 4.2%. income before income taxes (and before income attributable to noncontrolling interests) decreased by $24 million, or 2%, amounting to $1.02 billion or 18.2% of net revenues during 2022 as compared to $1.04 billion or 19.4% of net revenues during 2021.
during 2022, net revenue per adjusted admission increased by 4.0% while net revenue per adjusted patient day increased by 3.5%, as compared to 2021. during 2022, as compared to 2021, inpatient admissions and adjusted admissions to our behavioral health care hospitals each increased by 0.7%. patient days and adjusted patient days at these facilities each increased by 1.2% during 2022, as
51
compared to 2021. the average length of inpatient stay at these facilities was 13.6 days during 2022 and 13.5 days during 2021. the occupancy rate, based on the average available beds at these facilities, was 71% during each of 2022 and 2021.
on a same facility basis during 2022, as compared to 2021, salaries, wages and benefits expense increased $212 million or 7.4%. the increase during 2022, as compared to 2021, was due, in part, to a nationwide shortage of nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel at our behavioral health care hospitals which pressured our staffing resources and required us to pay premiums above standard compensation for essential workers and to utilize higher‐cost temporary labor.
other operating expenses increased $35 million, or 3.4%, during 2022, as compared to 2021. supplies expense increased $7 million, or 3.6%, during 2022, as compared to 2021.
all behavioral health care services the following table summarizes the results of operations for all our behavioral health care services during 2022 and 2021. these amounts include: (i) our behavioral health care results on a same facility basis, as indicated above; (ii) the impact of provider tax assessments which increased net revenues and other operating expenses but had no impact on income before income taxes, and; (iii) certain other amounts, if applicable, including the results of facilities acquired or opened during the past year as well as the results of certain facilities that were closed or restructured during the past year. dollar amounts below are reflected in thousands.
year ended                                      year ended december 31, 2022                               december 31, 2021
% of net                                        % of net amount                           revenues       amount                           revenues net revenues                    $5,729,758                          100.0   %   $5,503,644                          100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits            3,107,216                    54.2   %           2,893,028                    52.6   %
other operating expenses                1,201,563                    21.0   %           1,145,879                    20.8   %
supplies expense                          211,786                     3.7   %             204,840                     3.7   %
depreciation and amortization             186,555                     3.3   %             187,761                     3.4   %
lease and rental expense                   43,868                     0.8   %              41,703                     0.8   %
subtotal-operating expenses             4,750,988                    82.9   %           4,473,211                    81.3   %
income from operations                    978,770                    17.1   %           1,030,433                    18.7   %
interest expense, net                       5,323                     0.1   %               4,780                     0.1   %
other (income) expense, net                (6,843    )               -0.1   %   96                                    0.0   %
income before income taxes      $980,290                             17.1   %   $1,025,557                           18.6   %
during 2022, as compared to 2021, net revenues generated from our behavioral health services increased by $226 million, or 4.1% due primarily to the above-mentioned $224 million, or 4.2% increase in net revenues on a same facility basis.
income before income taxes decreased by $45 million, or 4%, to $980 million or 17.1% of net revenues during 2022, as compared to $1.03 billion or 18.6% of net revenues during 2021. the decrease during 2022, as compared to 2021, was attributable to: (i) the $24 million, or 2% decrease in income before income taxes experienced at our behavioral health facilities, on a same facility basis, as discussed above, and; (ii) $21 million of other combined net decreases consisting primarily of the startup losses incurred at various facilities opened during the past year.
during 2022, as compared to 2021, salaries, wages and benefits expense increased $215 million or 7.4%. the increase was due primarily to the $212 million, or 7.4%, increase related to our behavioral health services, on a same facility basis, as discussed above.
other operating expenses increased $56 million, or 4.9%, during 2022, as compared to 2021. the increase was due primarily to the $35 million, or 3.4%, above-mentioned increase related to our behavioral health services, on a same facility basis, as well as the other operating expenses incurred at various facilities opened during the past year.
supplies expense increased $7 million, or 3.4%, during 2022, as compared to 2021, due to the above-mentioned increase related to our behavioral health services, on a same facility basis.
please see results of operations - covid-19, clinical staffing shortage and effects of inflation above for additional disclosure regarding the factors impacting our operating costs.
sources of revenue overview: we receive payments for services rendered from private insurers, including managed care plans, the federal government under the medicare program, state governments under their respective medicaid programs and directly from patients.
hospital revenues depend upon inpatient occupancy levels, the medical and ancillary services and therapy programs ordered by physicians and provided to patients, the volume of outpatient procedures and the charges or negotiated payment rates for such services. charges and reimbursement rates for inpatient routine services vary depending on the type of services provided (e.g., medical/surgical, intensive care or behavioral health) and the geographic location of the hospital. inpatient occupancy levels fluctuate for various reasons, many of which are beyond our control. the percentage of patient service revenue attributable to outpatient services has generally increased in recent years, primarily as a result of advances in medical technology that allow more services to be provided on an outpatient basis, as well as increased pressure from medicare, medicaid and private insurers to reduce hospital stays and provide services, where possible, on a less expensive outpatient basis. we believe that our experience with respect to our increased outpatient levels mirrors the general trend occurring in the health care industry and we are unable to predict the rate of growth and resulting impact on our future revenues.
patients are generally not responsible for any difference between customary hospital charges and amounts reimbursed for such services under medicare, medicaid, some private insurance plans, and managed care plans, but are responsible for services not covered by such plans, exclusions, deductibles or co-insurance features of their coverage. the amount of such exclusions, deductibles and co-insurance has generally been increasing each year. indications from recent federal and state legislation are that this trend will continue. collection of amounts due from individuals is typically more difficult than from governmental or business payers which unfavorably impacts the collectability of our patient accounts.
as described below in the section titled 2019 novel coronavirus disease medicare and medicaid payment related legislation, the federal government has enacted multiple pieces of legislation to assist healthcare providers during the covid-19 world-wide pandemic and u.s. national emergency declaration. we have outlined those legislative changes related to medicare and medicaid payment and their estimated impact on our financial results, where estimates are possible.
sources of revenues and health care reform: given increasing budget deficits, the federal government and many states are currently considering additional ways to limit increases in levels of medicare and medicaid funding, which could also adversely affect future payments received by our hospitals. in addition, the uncertainty and fiscal pressures placed upon the federal government as a result of, among other things, impacts on state revenue and expenses resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, economic recovery stimulus packages, responses to natural disasters, and the federal and state budget deficits in general may affect the availability of government funds to provide additional relief in the future. we are unable to predict the effect of future policy changes on our operations.
on march 23, 2010, president obama signed into law the legislation. two primary goals of the legislation are to provide for increased access to coverage for healthcare and to reduce healthcare-related expenses.
the legislation revises reimbursement under the medicare and medicaid programs to emphasize the efficient delivery of high-quality care and contains a number of incentives and penalties under these programs to achieve these goals. the legislation and subsequent revisions provide for reductions to both medicare dsh and medicaid dsh payments. the medicare dsh reductions began in october, 2013 while the medicaid dsh reductions are scheduled to begin in 2024. the legislation implemented a value-based purchasing program, which will reward the delivery of efficient care. conversely, certain facilities will receive reduced reimbursement for failing to meet quality parameters; such hospitals will include those with excessive readmission or hospital-acquired condition rates.
a 2012 u.s. supreme court ruling limited the federal government's ability to expand health insurance coverage by holding unconstitutional sections of the legislation that sought to withdraw federal funding for state noncompliance with certain medicaid coverage requirements. pursuant to that decision, the federal government may not penalize states that choose not to participate in the medicaid expansion by reducing their existing medicaid funding. therefore, states can choose to expand or not to expand their medicaid program without risking the loss of federal medicaid funding. as a result, many states, including texas, have not expanded their medicaid programs without the threat of loss of federal funding. cms has previously granted section 1115 demonstration waivers providing for work and community engagement requirements for certain medicaid eligible individuals. cms has also released guidance to states interested in receiving their medicaid funding through a block grant mechanism. the biden administration has signaled its intent to withdraw previously issued section 1115 demonstrations aligned with these policies. however, if implemented, the previously issued section 1115 demonstrations are anticipated to lead to reductions in coverage, and likely increases in uncompensated care, in states where these demonstration waivers are granted.
on december 14, 2018, a texas federal district court deemed the legislation to be unconstitutional in its entirety. the court concluded that the individual mandate is no longer permissible under congress's taxing power as a result of the tax cut and jobs act of 2017 ("tcja") reducing the individual mandate's tax to $0 (i.e., it no longer produces revenue, which is an essential feature of a tax), rendering the legislation unconstitutional. the court also held that because the individual mandate is "essential" to the legislation and is inseverable from the rest of the law, the entire legislation is unconstitutional. that ruling was ultimately appealed to the united states supreme court, which decided in california v. texas that the plaintiffs in the matter lacked standing to bring their constitutionality claims. the court did not reach the plaintiffs' merits arguments, which specifically challenged the constitutionality of the legislation's individual mandate and the entirety of the legislation itself. as a result, the legislation will continue to be law, and hhs and its respective agencies will continue to enforce regulations implementing the law. however, on september 7, 2022, the legislation faced its most recent challenge when a texas federal district court judge, in the case of braidwood management v. becerra, ruled that a requirement that certain health plans cover services without cost sharing violates the appointments clause of the u.s. constitution and that the coverage of certain hiv prevention medication violates the religious freedom restoration act.
the various provisions in the legislation that directly or indirectly affect medicare and medicaid reimbursement took effect over a number of years. the impact of the legislation on healthcare providers will be subject to implementing regulations, interpretive guidance and possible future legislation or legal challenges. certain legislation provisions, such as that creating the medicare shared savings program creates uncertainty in how healthcare may be reimbursed by federal programs in the future. thus, we cannot predict the impact of the legislation on our future reimbursement at this time and we can provide no assurance that the legislation will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
the legislation also contained provisions aimed at reducing fraud and abuse in healthcare. the legislation amends several existing laws, including the federal anti-kickback statute and the false claims act, making it easier for government agencies and private plaintiffs to prevail in lawsuits brought against healthcare providers. while congress had previously revised the intent requirement of the anti-kickback statute to provide that a person is not required to "have actual knowledge or specific intent to commit a violation of" the anti-kickback statute in order to be found in violation of such law, the legislation also provides that any claims for items or services that violate the anti-kickback statute are also considered false claims for purposes of the federal civil false claims act. the legislation provides that a healthcare provider that retains an overpayment in excess of 60 days is subject to the federal civil false claims act. the legislation also expands the recovery audit contractor program to medicaid. these amendments also make it easier for severe fines and penalties to be imposed on healthcare providers that violate applicable laws and regulations.
we have partnered with local physicians in the ownership of certain of our facilities. these investments have been permitted under an exception to the physician self-referral law. the legislation permits existing physician investments in a hospital to continue under a "grandfather" clause if the arrangement satisfies certain requirements and restrictions, but physicians are prohibited from increasing the aggregate percentage of their ownership in the hospital. the legislation also imposes certain compliance and disclosure requirements upon existing physician-owned hospitals and restricts the ability of physician-owned hospitals to expand the capacity of their facilities. as discussed below, should the legislation be repealed in its entirety, this aspect of the legislation would also be repealed restoring physician ownership of hospitals and expansion right to its position and practice as it existed prior to the legislation.
the impact of the legislation on each of our hospitals may vary. because legislation provisions are effective at various times over the next several years, we anticipate that many of the provisions in the legislation may be subject to further revision. initiatives to repeal the legislation, in whole or in part, to delay elements of implementation or funding, and to offer amendments or supplements to modify its provisions have been persistent. the ultimate outcomes of legislative attempts to repeal or amend the legislation and legal challenges to the legislation are unknown. legislation has already been enacted that eliminated the individual mandate penalty, effective january 1, 2019, related to the obligation to obtain health insurance that was part of the original legislation. in addition, congress previously considered legislation that would, in material part: (i) eliminate the large employer mandate to offer health insurance coverage to full-time employees; (ii) permit insurers to impose a surcharge up to 30 percent on individuals who go uninsured for more than two months and then purchase coverage; (iii) provide tax credits towards the purchase of health insurance, with a phase-out of tax credits accordingly to income level; (iv) expand health savings accounts; (v) impose a per capita cap on federal funding of state medicaid programs, or, if elected by a state, transition federal funding to block grants, and; (vi) permit states to seek a waiver of certain federal requirements that would allow such state to define essential health benefits differently from federal standards and that would allow certain commercial health plans to take health status, including pre-existing conditions, into account in setting premiums.
in addition to legislative changes, the legislation can be significantly impacted by executive branch actions. president biden is expected to undertake executive actions that will strengthen the legislation and may reverse the policies of the prior administration. to date, the biden administration has issued executive orders implementing a special enrollment period permitting individuals to enroll in health plans outside of the annual open enrollment period and reexamining policies that may undermine the aca or the medicaid program. the arpa's expansion of subsidies to purchase coverage through an exchange contributed to increased exchange enrollment in 2021. the ira's extension of the subsidies through 2025 is expected to increase exchange enrollment in future years. the recent and on-going covid-19 pandemic and related u.s. national emergency declaration may significantly increase the number of uninsured patients treated at our facilities extending beyond the most recent cbo published estimates due to increased unemployment and loss of group health plan health insurance coverage. it is also anticipated that these policies may create additional cost and reimbursement pressures on hospitals.
it remains unclear what portions of the legislation may remain, or whether any replacement or alternative programs may be created by any future legislation. any such future repeal or replacement may have significant impact on the reimbursement for healthcare services generally, and may create reimbursement for services competing with the services offered by our hospitals. accordingly, there can be no assurance that the adoption of any future federal or state healthcare reform legislation will not have a negative financial impact on our hospitals, including their ability to compete with alternative healthcare services funded by such potential legislation, or for our hospitals to receive payment for services.
for additional disclosure related to our revenues including a disaggregation of our consolidated net revenues by major source for each of the periods presented herein, please see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements-revenue recognition.
medicare: medicare is a federal program that provides certain hospital and medical insurance benefits to persons aged 65 and over, some disabled persons and persons with end-stage renal disease. all of our acute care hospitals and many of our behavioral health centers are certified as providers of medicare services by the appropriate governmental authorities. amounts received under the medicare program are generally significantly less than a hospital's customary charges for services provided. since a substantial portion of our revenues will come from patients under the medicare program, our ability to operate our business successfully in the future will depend in large measure on our ability to adapt to changes in this program.
under the medicare program, for inpatient services, our general acute care hospitals receive reimbursement under the inpatient prospective payment system ("ipps"). under the ipps, hospitals are paid a predetermined fixed payment amount for each hospital discharge. the fixed payment amount is based upon each patient's medicare severity diagnosis related group ("ms-drg"). every ms-drg is assigned a payment rate based upon the estimated intensity of hospital resources necessary to treat the average patient with that particular diagnosis. the ms-drg payment rates are based upon historical national average costs and do not consider the actual costs incurred by a hospital in providing care. this ms-drg assignment also affects the predetermined capital rate paid with each ms-drg. the ms-drg and capital payment rates are adjusted annually by the predetermined geographic adjustment factor for the geographic region in which a particular hospital is located and are weighted based upon a statistically normal distribution of severity. while we generally will not receive payment from medicare for inpatient services, other than the ms-drg payment, a hospital may qualify for an "outlier" payment if a particular patient's treatment costs are extraordinarily high and exceed a specified threshold. ms-drg rates are adjusted by an update factor each federal fiscal year, which begins on october 1. the index used to adjust the ms-drg rates, known as the "hospital market basket index," gives consideration to the inflation experienced by hospitals in purchasing goods and services. generally, however, the percentage increases in the ms-drg payments have been lower than the projected increase in the cost of goods and services purchased by hospitals.
in august, 2022, cms published its ipps 2023 final payment rule which provides for a 4.1% market basket increase to the base medicare ms-drg blended rate. when statutorily mandated budget neutrality factors, annual geographic wage index updates, documenting and coding adjustments, and adjustments mandated by the legislation are considered, without consideration for the required medicare dsh payments changes and increase to the medicare outlier threshold, the overall increase in ipps payments is approximately 4.6.%. including dsh payments, an increase to the medicare outlier threshold and certain other adjustments, we estimate our overall increase from the final ipps 2023 rule (covering the period of october 1, 2022 through september 30, 2023) will approximate 4.4%. this projected impact from the ipps 2023 final rule includes an increase of approximately 0.5% to partially restore cuts made as a result of the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 ("atra"), as required by the 21st century cures act, but excludes the impact of the sequestration reductions related to the 2011 act, bipartisan budget act of 2015, and bipartisan budget act of 2018, as discussed below.
in august, 2021, cms published its ipps 2022 final payment rule which provides for a 2.7% market basket increase to the base medicare ms-drg blended rate. when statutorily mandated budget neutrality factors, annual geographic wage index updates, documenting and coding adjustments, and adjustments mandated by the legislation are considered, without consideration for the required medicare dsh payments changes and increase to the medicare outlier threshold, the overall final increase in ipps payments is approximately 2.5%. including dsh payments and certain other adjustments, we estimate our overall increase from the final ipps 2022 rule (covering the period of october 1, 2021 through september 30, 2022) will approximate 1.5%. this projected impact from the ipps 2022 final rule includes an increase of approximately 0.5% to partially restore cuts made as a result of the atra, as required by the 21st century cures act but excludes the impact of the sequestration reductions related to the 2011 act, bipartisan budget act of 2015, and bipartisan budget act of 2018, as discussed below.
in june, 2019, the supreme court of the united states issued a decision favorable to hospitals impacting prior year medicare dsh payments (azar v. allina health services, no. 17-1484 (u.s. jun. 3, 2019)). in allina, the hospitals challenged the medicare dsh adjustments for federal fiscal year 2012, specifically challenging cms's decision to include inpatient hospital days attributable to medicare part c enrollee patients in the numerator and denominator of the medicare/ssi fraction used to calculate a hospital's dsh payments. this ruling addresses cms's attempts to impose the policy espoused in its vacated 2004 rulemaking to a fiscal year in the 2004-2013 time period without using notice-and-comment rulemaking. this decision should require cms to recalculate hospitals' dsh medicare/ssi fractions, with medicare part c days excluded, for at least federal fiscal year 2012, but likely federal fiscal years 2005 through 2013. in august, 2020, cms issued a rule that proposed to retroactively negate the effects of the aforementioned supreme court decision, which rule has yet to be finalized. although we can provide no assurance that we will ultimately receive additional funds, we estimate that the favorable impact of this court ruling on certain prior year hospital medicare dsh payments could range between $18 million to $28 million in the aggregate.
the 2011 act included the imposition of annual spending limits for most federal agencies and programs aimed at reducing budget deficits by $917 billion between 2012 and 2021, according to a report released by the congressional budget office. among its other provisions, the law established a bipartisan congressional committee, known as the joint committee, which was responsible for developing recommendations aimed at reducing future federal budget deficits by an additional $1.5 trillion over 10 years. the joint committee was unable to reach an agreement by the november 23, 2011 deadline and, as a result, across-the-board cuts to discretionary, national defense and medicare spending were implemented on march 1, 2013 resulting in medicare payment reductions of up to 2% per fiscal year. recent legislation suspended payment reductions through december 31, 2021, in exchange for extended cuts through 2030. in december, 2021, the suspended 2% payment reduction was extended until june 30, 2022 and partially suspended at a 1% payment reduction for an additional three-month period that ended on june 30, 2022.
inpatient services furnished by psychiatric hospitals under the medicare program are paid under a psychiatric prospective payment system ("psych pps"). medicare payments to psychiatric hospitals are based on a prospective per diem rate with adjustments to account for certain facility and patient characteristics. the psych pps also contains provisions for outlier payments and an adjustment to a psychiatric hospital's base payment if it maintains a full-service emergency department.
in july, 2022, cms published its psych pps final rule for the federal fiscal year 2023. under this final rule, payments to our behavioral health care hospitals and units are estimated to increase by 3.8% compared to federal fiscal year 2022. this amount includes the effect of the 4.1% net market basket update which reflects the offset of a 0.3% productivity adjustment.
in july, 2021, cms published its psych pps final rule for the federal fiscal year 2022. under this final rule, payments to our psychiatric hospitals and units are estimated to increase by 2.2% compared to federal fiscal year 2021. this amount includes the effect of the 2.0% net market basket update which reflects the offset of a 0.7% productivity adjustment.
cms's calendar year 2018 final opps rule, issued on november 13, 2017, substantially reduced medicare part b reimbursement for 340b program drugs paid to hospitals. beginning january 1, 2018, cms reimbursement for certain separately payable drugs or biologicals that are acquired through the 340b program by a hospital paid under the opps (and not excepted from the payment adjustment policy) is the average sales price of the drug or biological minus 22.5 percent, an effective reduction of 26.89% in payments for 340b program drugs. in december, 2018, the u.s. district court for the district of columbia ruled that hhs did not have statutory authority to implement the 2018 medicare opps rate reduction related to hospitals that qualify for drug discounts under the federal 340b program and granted a permanent injunction against the payment reduction. on july 31, 2020, the u.s. court of appeals for the d.c. circuit reversed the district court and held that hhs's decision to lower drug reimbursement rates for 340b hospitals rests on a reasonable interpretation of the medicare statute. as a result, we recognized $8 million of revenues during 2020 that were previously reserved in a prior year. these payment reductions were challenged before the u.s. supreme court, which held in american hospital association v. becerra that because hhs did not conduct a survey of hospitals' acquisition costs in 2018 and 2019, its decision to vary reimbursement rates only for 340b hospitals in those years was unlawful. as a result of the supreme court's decision, cms finalized for calendar year 2023 a payment rate of average sales price plus 6% for 340b program drugs, consistent with cms policy for drugs not acquired through the program. cms further implemented a 3.09% reduction to payment rates for non-drug services to achieve budget neutrality for the 340b program payment rate change for calendar year 2023. cms will address the remedy for 340b drug payments from 2018-2022 in future rulemaking prior to the calendar year 2024 opps proposed rule.
in november, 2022, cms issued its opps final rule for 2023. the hospital market basket increase is 4.1% and the productivity adjustment reduction is -0.3% for a net market basket increase of 3.8%. the final rule provides that in light of the supreme court decision in american hospital association v. becerra, cms is applying the default rate, generally average sales price plus 6 percent, to 340b acquired drugs and biologicals for 2023. cms stated they will address the remedy for 340b drug payments from 2018-2022 in future rulemaking prior to the cy 2024 opps/asc proposed rule. during the 2018-2022 time period, we recorded an aggregate of approximately $45 million to $50 million of medicare revenues related to the prior 340b payment policy. when other statutorily required adjustments and hospital patient service mix are considered as well as impact of the aforementioned 340b program policy change, we estimate that our overall medicare opps update for 2023 will aggregate to a net increase of 0.9% which includes a 0.3% increase to behavioral health division partial hospitalization rates.
on november 2, 2021, cms issued its opps final rule for 2022. the hospital market basket increase is 2.7% and the productivity adjustment reduction is -0.7% for a net market basket increase of 2.0%. when other statutorily required adjustments and hospital patient service mix are considered, we estimate that our overall medicare opps update for 2022 will aggregate to a net increase of 2.4% which includes a 3.0% increase to behavioral health division partial hospitalization rates.
in december, 2020, cms published its opps final rule for 2021. the hospital market basket increase is 2.4% and there is no productivity adjustment reduction to the 2021 opps market basket. when other statutorily required adjustments and hospital patient service mix are considered, we estimate that our overall medicare opps update for 2021 will aggregate to a net increase of 3.3% which includes a 9.2% increase to behavioral health division partial hospitalization rates.
in november, 2019, cms finalized its hospital price transparency rule that implements certain requirements under the june 24, 2019 presidential executive order related to improving price and quality transparency in american healthcare to put patients first. under this final rule, effective january 1, 2021, cms will require: (1) hospitals make public their standard changes (both gross charges and payer-specific negotiated charges) for all items and services online in a machine-readable format, and; (2) hospitals to make public standard charge data for a limited set of "shoppable services" the hospital provides in a form and manner that is more consumer friendly. on november 2, 2021, cms released a final rule increasing the monetary penalty that cms can impose on hospitals that fail to comply with the price transparency requirements. we believe that our hospitals are in full compliance with the applicable federal regulations.
medicaid: medicaid is a joint federal-state funded health care benefit program that is administered by the states to provide benefits to qualifying individuals. most state medicaid payments are made under a pps-like system, or under programs that negotiate payment levels with individual hospitals. amounts received under the medicaid program are generally significantly less than a hospital's customary charges for services provided. in addition to revenues received pursuant to the medicare program, we receive a large portion of our revenues either directly from medicaid programs or from managed care companies managing medicaid. all of our acute care hospitals and most of our behavioral health centers are certified as providers of medicaid services by the appropriate governmental authorities.
we receive revenues from various state and county-based programs, including medicaid in all the states in which we operate. we receive annual medicaid revenues of approximately $100 million, or greater, from each of texas, california, nevada, illinois, pennsylvania, washington, d.c., florida, kentucky and massachusetts. we also receive medicaid disproportionate share hospital payments from certain states including, most significantly, texas. we are therefore particularly sensitive to potential reductions in medicaid and other state-based revenue programs as well as regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive changes in those states. we can provide no assurance that reductions to revenues earned pursuant to these programs, particularly in the above-mentioned states, will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
the legislation substantially increases the federally and state-funded medicaid insurance program, and authorizes states to establish federally subsidized non-medicaid health plans for low-income residents not eligible for medicaid starting in 2014. however, the supreme court has struck down portions of the legislation requiring states to expand their medicaid programs in exchange for increased federal funding. accordingly, many states in which we operate have not expanded medicaid coverage to individuals at 133% of the federal poverty level. facilities in states not opting to expand medicaid coverage under the legislation may be additionally penalized by corresponding reductions to medicaid disproportionate share hospital payments beginning in fiscal year 2024, as discussed below. we can provide no assurance that further reductions to medicaid revenues, particularly in the above-mentioned states, will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
in january, 2020, cms announced a new opportunity to support states with greater flexibility to improve the health of their medicaid populations. the new 1115 waiver block grant type demonstration program, titled healthy adult opportunity ("hao"), emphasizes the concept of value-based care while granting states extensive flexibility to administer and design their programs within a defined budget. cms believes this state opportunity will enhance the medicaid program's integrity through its focus on accountability for results and quality improvement, making the medicaid program stronger for states and beneficiaries. the biden administration has signaled its intent to withdraw the hao demonstration. accordingly, we are unable to predict whether the hao demonstration will impact our future results of operations.
various state medicaid supplemental payment programs:
we incur health-care related taxes ("provider taxes") imposed by states in the form of a licensing fee, assessment or other mandatory payment which are related to: (i) healthcare items or services; (ii) the provision of, or the authority to provide, the health care items or services, or; (iii) the payment for the health care items or services. such provider taxes are subject to various federal regulations that limit the scope and amount of the taxes that can be levied by states in order to secure federal matching funds as part of their respective state medicaid programs. as outlined below, we derive a related medicaid reimbursement benefit from assessed provider taxes in the form of medicaid claims based payment increases and/or lump sum medicaid supplemental payments.
included in these provider tax programs are reimbursements received in connection with the texas uncompensated care/upper payment limit program ("uc/upl") and texas delivery system reform incentive payments program ("dsrip"). additional disclosure related to the texas uc/upl and dsrip programs is provided below.
texas uncompensated care/upper payment limit payments:
certain of our acute care hospitals located in various counties of texas (grayson, hidalgo, maverick, potter and webb) participate in medicaid supplemental payment section 1115 waiver indigent care programs. section 1115 waiver uncompensated care ("uc") payments replace the former upper payment limit ("upl") payments. these hospitals also have affiliation agreements with third-party hospitals to provide free hospital and physician care to qualifying indigent residents of these counties. our hospitals receive both supplemental payments from the medicaid program and indigent care payments from third-party, affiliated hospitals. the supplemental payments are contingent on the county or hospital district making an inter-governmental transfer ("igt") to the state medicaid program while the indigent care payment is contingent on a transfer of funds from the applicable affiliated hospitals. however, the county or hospital district is prohibited from entering into an agreement to condition any igt on the amount of any private hospital's indigent care obligation.
on december 21, 2017, cms approved the 1115 waiver for the period january 1, 2018 to september 30, 2022. the waiver continued to include uc and dsrip payment pools with modifications and new state specific reporting deadlines that if not met by thhsc will result in material decreases in the size of the uc and dsrip pools. for uc during the initial two years of this renewal, the uc program will remain relatively the same in size and allocation methodology. for year three of this waiver renewal, the federal fiscal year ("ffy") 2020, and through ffy 2022, the size and distribution of the uc pool will be determined based on charity care costs reported to hhsc in accordance with medicare cost report worksheet s-10 principles. in september 2019, cms approved the annual uc pool size in the amount of $3.9 billion for demonstration years ("dys") 9, 10 and 11 (october 1, 2019 to september 30, 2022). in june 2022, hhsc announced that cms approved the uc pool size for demonstration years 12 through 16 (october 1, 2022 to september 30, 2027) for the current 1115 waiver which will be $4.51 billion per year. the uc pool will be resized again in 2027 for dys 17 through 19 (october 1, 2027 to september 30, 2030).
on april 16, 2021, cms rescinded its january 15, 2021, 1115 waiver ten year expedited renewal approval that was effective through september 30, 2030. in july, 2021, hhsc submitted another 1115 waiver renewal application to cms which reflects the same terms and conditions agreed to by cms on january 15, 2021, in order to receive an extension beyond september 30, 2022. on april 22, 2022, cms withdrew its rescission of the 1115 waiver and now considers the 1115 waiver approved as extended and governed by the special terms and conditions that cms approved on january 15, 2021.
effective april 1, 2018, certain of our acute care hospitals located in texas began to receive medicaid managed care rate enhancements under the uniform hospital rate increase program ("uhrip"). the non-federal share component of these uhrip rate enhancements are financed by provider taxes. the texas 1115 waiver rules require uhrip rate enhancements be considered in the texas uc payment methodology which results in a reduction to our uc payments. the uc amounts reported in the state medicaid supplemental payment program table below reflect the impact of this new uhrip program. in july 2020, thhsc announced cms approval of an increase to uhrip pool for the state's 2021 fiscal year to $2.7 billion from its prior funding level of $1.6 billion.
on march 26, 2021, hhsc published a final rule that will apply to program periods on or after september 1, 2021, and uhrip was re-named the comprehensive hospital increase reimbursement program ("chirp"). chirp is comprised of a uhrip component and an average commercial incentive award component. chirp has a pool size of $4.7 billion. on march 25, 2022, cms approved the chirp program retroactive to september 1, 2021 through august 31, 2022. the impact of the chirp program is reflected in the state medicaid supplemental payment program table below including approximately $12 million of estimated chirp revenues which were recorded during the first quarter of 2022, attributable to the period september 1, 2021 through december 31, 2021, net of associated provider taxes. on august 1, 2022, cms approved the chirp program, with a pool of $5.2 billion, for the rate period effective september 1, 2022 to august 31, 2023.
during, 2022, certain of our acute care hospitals located in texas recorded an aggregate of $33 million in quality incentive fund ("qif") payments, applicable to the period september 1, 2020 to august 31, 2021 in connection with the state's uhrip program. this revenue was earned pursuant to contract terms with various medicaid managed care plans which requires the annual payout of qif funds when a managed care service delivery area's actual claims-based uhrip payments are less than targeted uhrip payments for a specific rate year. we also anticipate that these hospitals may be entitled to a comparable amount of aggregate qif revenue during 2023.
on january 11, 2021, hhsc announced that cms approved the pre-print modification that hhsc submitted for uhrip period march 1, 2021 through august 31, 2021. cms approved rate changes that will now increase rates for private institutions of mental disease ("imd") for services provided to patients under age 21 or patients 65 years of age or older. subsequent cms uhrip and chirp program approvals continue to include imd's eligible patient population. the impact of these programs are included in the medicaid supplemental payment programs table below.
on september 24, 2021, hhsc finalized new fee-for-service supplemental payment program: hospital augmented reimbursement program ("harp") to be effective october 1, 2021. the harp program continues the financial transition for providers who have historically participated in the delivery system reform incentive payment program described below. the program will provide additional funding to hospitals to help offset the cost hospitals incur while providing medicaid services. hhsc financial model released concurrent with the publication of the final rule indicates net potential incremental medicaid reimbursements to us of approximately $15 million annually, without consideration of any potential adverse impact on future medicaid dsh or medicaid uc payments. this program remains subject to cms approval.
texas delivery system reform incentive payments:
in addition, the texas medicaid section 1115 waiver included a dsrip pool to incentivize hospitals and other providers to transform their service delivery practices to improve quality, health status, patient experience, coordination, and cost-effectiveness. dsrip pool payments are incentive payments to hospitals and other providers that develop programs or strategies to enhance access to health care, increase the quality of care, the cost-effectiveness of care provided and the health of the patients and families served. in ffy 2022, dsrip funding under the waiver is eliminated except for certain carryover dsrip projects. in connection with this dsrip program, our results of operations included revenues of approximately $18 million in 2022 and $34 million in 2021.
summary of amounts related to the above-mentioned various state medicaid supplemental payment programs:
the following table summarizes the revenues, provider taxes and net benefit related to each of the above-mentioned medicaid supplemental programs for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021. the provider taxes are recorded in other operating expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of income as included herein.
(amounts in millions)
2022                                                           2021
texas uc/upl:
revenues                                  $258                 $120
provider taxes                            (101      )           (35   )
net benefit                               $157                  $85
texas dsrip:
revenues                                   $27                  $49
provider taxes                              (9      )           (16   )
net benefit                                $18                  $33
various other state programs:
revenues                                  $499                 $472
provider taxes                            (177      )          (160   )
net benefit                               $322                 $312
total all provider tax programs:
revenues                                  $784                 $641
provider taxes                            (287      )          (211   )
net benefit                               $497                 $430
we estimate that our aggregate net benefit from the texas and various other state medicaid supplemental payment programs will approximate $469 million (net of provider taxes of $278 million) during the year ending december 31, 2023. these amounts are based upon various terms and conditions that are out of our control including, but not limited to, the states'/cms's continued approval of the programs and the applicable hospital district or county making igts consistent with 2022 levels.
future changes to these terms and conditions could materially reduce our net benefit derived from the programs which could have a material adverse impact on our future consolidated results of operations. in addition, provider taxes are governed by both federal and state laws and are subject to future legislative changes that, if reduced from current rates in several states, could have a material adverse impact on our future consolidated results of operations. as described below in 2019 novel coronavirus disease medicare and medicaid payment related legislation, a 6.2% increase to the medicaid federal matching assistance percentage ("fmap") is included in the families first coronavirus response act. the impact of the enhanced fmap medicaid supplemental and dsh payments are reflected in our financial results during 2022 and 2021. we are unable to estimate the prospective financial impact of this provision at this time as our financial impact is contingent on unknown state action during future eligible federal fiscal quarters.
texas and south carolina medicaid disproportionate share hospital payments:
hospitals that have an unusually large number of low-income patients (i.e., those with a medicaid utilization rate of at least one standard deviation above the mean medicaid utilization, or having a low income patient utilization rate exceeding 25%) are eligible to receive a dsh adjustment. congress established a national limit on dsh adjustments. although this legislation and the resulting state broad-based provider taxes have affected the payments we receive under the medicaid program, to date the net impact has not been materially adverse.
upon meeting certain conditions and serving a disproportionately high share of texas' and south carolina's low income patients, five of our facilities located in texas and one facility located in south carolina received additional reimbursement from each state's dsh fund. the south carolina and texas dsh programs were renewed for each state's 2023 dsh fiscal year (covering the period of october 1, 2022 through september 30, 2023).
in connection with these dsh programs, included in our financial results was an aggregate of approximately $54 million during 2022 and $51 million during 2021. we expect the aggregate reimbursements to our hospitals pursuant to the texas and south carolina 2023 fiscal year programs to be approximately $49 million.
the legislation and subsequent federal legislation provides for a significant reduction in medicaid disproportionate share payments beginning in federal fiscal year 2024 (see above in sources of revenues and health care reform-medicaid for additional disclosure related to the delay of these dsh reductions). hhs is to determine the amount of medicaid dsh payment cuts imposed on each state based on a defined methodology. as medicaid dsh payments to states will be cut, consequently, payments to medicaid-participating providers, including our hospitals in texas and south carolina, will be reduced in the coming years. based on the cms final rule published in september, 2019, beginning in fiscal year 2024 (as amended by the cares act and the caa), annual medicaid dsh payments in south carolina and texas could be reduced by approximately 65% and 41%, respectively, from 2022 dsh payment levels.
our behavioral health care facilities in texas have been receiving medicaid dsh payments since ffy 2016. as with all medicaid dsh payments, hospitals are subject to state audits that typically occur up to three years after their receipt. dsh payments are subject to a federal hospital specific limit ("hsl") and are not fully known until the dsh audit results are concluded. in general, freestanding psychiatric hospitals tend to provide significantly less charity care than acute care hospitals and therefore are at more risk for retroactive recoupment of prior year dsh payments in excess of their respective hsl. in light of the retroactive hsl audit risk for freestanding psychiatric hospitals, we have established dsh reserves for our facilities that have been receiving funds since ffy 2016. these dsh reserves are also impacted by the resolution of federal dsh litigation related to children's hospital association of texas v. azar ("chat") where the calculation of hsl was being challenged. in august, 2019, dc circuit court of appeals issued a unanimous decision in chat and reversed the judgment of the district court in favor of cms and ordered that cms's "2017 rule" (regarding medicaid dsh payments-treatment of third party payers in calculating uncompensated care costs) be reinstated. cms has not issued any additional guidance post the ruling. in april 2020, the plaintiffs in the case have petitioned the supreme court of the united states to hear their case. additionally, there have been separate legal challenges on this same issue in the fifth and eight circuits. on november 4, 2019, in missouri hosp. ass'n v. azar, the united states court of appeals for the eighth circuit issued an opinion upholding the 2017 rule. on april 20, 2020, in baptist memorial hospital v. azar, the united states court of appeals of the fifth circuit issued a decision also upholding the 2017 rule. in light of these court decisions, we continue to maintain reserves in the financial statements for cumulative medicaid dsh and uc reimbursements related to our behavioral health hospitals located in texas that amounted to $42 million as of december 31, 2022 and $40 million as of december 31, 2021.
nevada - spa and sdp:
state plan amendment ("spa")
cms initially approved an spa in nevada in august, 2014 and this spa has been approved for additional state fiscal years, including the 2022 fiscal year covering the period of july 1, 2021 through june 30, 2022. cms's approval for the 2023 fiscal year, which is still pending, is expected to occur.
in connection with this program, included in our financial results was approximately $21 million during 2022 and approximately $23 million during 2021. we estimate that our reimbursements pursuant to this program will approximate $19 million during the year ended december 31, 2023.
state directed payment program ("sdp")
on february 7, 2023, the division of health care financing and policy ("dhcfp") held a public workshop that outlined a new provider fee on private hospitals located in nevada that would effectively capture new medicaid federal share for certain categories of services eligible for the new payment programs. final approval of each of these medicaid supplemental payment programs is subject to various state and federal actions. if ultimately approved, dhcfp intends to have both components implemented retroactively to january 1, 2023.
dhcfp indicated the new medicaid supplemental payments will include two components as follows:
•medicaid fee for service upper payment limit component.
owe anticipate state and federal approval of the fee for service upper payment limit component to occur during 2023. if approved, we estimate that our aggregate net reimbursements pursuant to this program (net of related provider taxes) will approximate $25 million during the year ended december 31, 2023.
•medicaid managed care component.
owe cannot predict whether or not the managed care component will ultimately receive state and federal approval. if approved, we cannot predict the timing and aggregate net reimbursements that we may receive in connection with this program.
california spa:
in california, cms issued formal approval of the 2017-19 hospital fee program in december, 2017 retroactive to january 1, 2017 through september 30, 2019. in september, 2019, the state submitted a request to renew the hospital fee program for the period july 1, 2019 to december 31, 2021. on february 25, 2020, cms approved this renewed program. these approvals include the medicaid inpatient and outpatient fee-for-service supplemental payments and the overall provider tax structure but did not yet include the approval of the managed care rate setting payment component for certain rate periods (see table below). the managed care payment component consists of two categories of payments, "pass-through" payments and "directed" payments. the pass-through payments are similar in nature to the prior hospital fee program payment method whereas the directed payment method will be based on actual concurrent hospital medicaid managed care in-network patient volume.
california hospital fee program cms approval status:
hospital fee program component      cms methodology approval status      cms rate setting approval status fee for service payment             approved through december 31, 2022   approved through december 31, 2022; paid through june 30, 2022
managed care-pass-through payment   approved through december 31, 2022   approved through june 30, 2019; paid in advance of approval through december 31, 2021
managed care-directed payment       approved through december 31, 2022   approved through june 30, 2019; paid in advance of approval through december 30, 2020
in connection with the existing program, included in our financial results was approximately $50 million during 2022 and $46 million during 2021. we estimate that our reimbursements pursuant to this program will approximate $51 million during the year ended december 31, 2023. the aggregate impact of the california supplemental payment program, as outlined above, is included in the above state medicaid supplemental payment program table.
kentucky hospital rate increase program ("hrip"):
in early 2021, cms approved the kentucky medicaid managed care hospital rate increase program ("hrip") for sfy 2021, which covered the period of july 1, 2020 through june 30, 2021. in december 2021, cms approved the hrip program period for the period july 1, 2021 to december 31, 2021. included in our financial results was approximately $69 million during 2022 and approximately $97 million during 2021 (covering the eighteen month period of july 1, 2020 through december 31, 2021), respectively.
programs such as hrip require an annual state submission and approval by cms. in december, 2021, cms approved the program for the period of january 1, 2022 through december 31, 2022 at rates similar to the prior year. we estimate that our reimbursements pursuant to hrip will approximate $60 million during the year ended december 31, 2023.
florida medicaid managed care directed payment program ("dpp"):
the florida medicaid managed care directed payment program ("dpp") provides for an additional payment for medicaid managed care contracted services. the dpp program requires various related legislative and regulatory approvals each year. in connection with this program, included in our financial results was approximately $36 million during 2022 and $23 million during 2021 (recorded during fourth quarters of each year). we estimate that our reimbursements pursuant to this dpp will approximate $34 million during the year ended december 31, 2023.
oklahoma transition to managed care and implementation of a medicaid managed care dpp in may, 2022, oklahoma enacted legislation (sb 1337 and sb 1396) that directs the oklahoma health care authority ("ohca") to: (i) transition its medicaid program from a fee for service payment model to a managed care payment model by no later than october 1, 2023, and: (ii) concurrently implement a medicaid managed care dpp using a managed care gap of ninety percent (90%) average commercial rates. in december, 2022, the ohca delayed the implementation date of the medicaid managed care change and related dpp until april 1, 2024. although we estimate that the dpp as enacted may have a favorable impact on our future results of operations, we are unable to quantify the ultimate impact since implementation of this legislation is subject to various administrative and regulatory steps including the awarding of managed care contracts as well as cms's approval of the dpp.
illinois medicaid supplemental payment programs the illinois medicaid supplemental payment programs are comprised of three components (1) medicaid managed care directed payment program (2) medicaid managed care pass-through program and (3) medicaid fee for service supplemental payment program. the results of this program are included in the above state medicaid supplemental payment program table. these programs require various related legislative and regulatory approvals each year. in connection with this program, included in our financial results was approximately $49 million during 2022 and $30 million during 2021. included in the 2022 amount was a non-recurring medicaid managed care claims processing catchup payment amounting to approximately $10 million. we estimate that our reimbursements pursuant to these supplemental payment programs will approximate $39 million during the year ended december 31, 2023.
risk factors related to state supplemental medicaid payments:
as outlined above, we receive substantial reimbursement from multiple states in connection with various supplemental medicaid payment programs. the states include, but are not limited to, texas, kentucky, california, illinois, indiana and nevada. failure to renew these programs beyond their scheduled termination dates, failure of the public hospitals to provide the necessary igts for the states' share of the dsh programs, failure of our hospitals that currently receive supplemental medicaid revenues to qualify for future funds under these programs, or reductions in reimbursements, could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
in april, 2016, cms published its final medicaid managed care rule which explicitly permits but phases out the use of pass-through payments (including supplemental payments) by medicaid managed care organizations ("mco") to hospitals over ten years but allows for a transition of the pass-through payments into value-based payment structures, delivery system reform initiatives or payments tied to services under a mco contract. since we are unable to determine the financial impact of this aspect of the final rule, we can provide no assurance that the final rule will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations. in november, 2020, cms issued a final rule permitting pass-through supplemental provider payments during a time-limited period when states transition populations or services from fee-for-service medicaid to managed care.
hitech act: in july 2010, hhs published final regulations implementing the health information technology ("hit") provisions of the american recovery and reinvestment act (referred to as the "hitech act"). the final regulation defines the "meaningful use" of electronic health records ("ehr") and establishes the requirements for the medicare and medicaid ehr payment incentive programs. the final rule established an initial set of standards and certification criteria. the implementation period for these medicare and medicaid incentive payments started in federal fiscal year 2011 and can end as late as 2016 for medicare and 2021 for the state medicaid programs. state medicaid program participation in this federally funded incentive program is voluntary but all of the states in which our eligible hospitals operate have chosen to participate. our acute care hospitals qualified for these ehr incentive payments upon implementation of the ehr application assuming they meet the "meaningful use" criteria. the government's ultimate goal is to promote more effective (quality) and efficient healthcare delivery through the use of technology to reduce the total cost of healthcare for all americans and utilizing the cost savings to expand access to the healthcare system.
all of our acute care hospitals have met the applicable meaningful use criteria. however, under the hitech act, hospitals must continue to meet the applicable meaningful use criteria in each fiscal year or they will be subject to a market basket update reduction in a subsequent fiscal year. failure of our acute care hospitals to continue to meet the applicable meaningful use criteria would have an adverse effect on our future net revenues and results of operations.
in the 2019 ipps final rule, cms overhauled the medicare and medicaid ehr incentive program to focus on interoperability, improve flexibility, relieve burden and place emphasis on measures that require the electronic exchange of health information between providers and patients. we can provide no assurance that the changes will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
managed care: a significant portion of our net patient revenues are generated from managed care companies, which include health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations and managed medicare (referred to as medicare part c or medicare advantage) and medicaid programs. in general, we expect the percentage of our business from managed care programs to continue to grow. the consequent growth in managed care networks and the resulting impact of these networks on the operating results of our facilities vary among the markets in which we operate. typically, we receive lower payments per patient from managed care payers than we do from traditional indemnity insurers, however, during the past few years we have secured price increases from many of our commercial payers including managed care companies.
commercial insurance: our hospitals also provide services to individuals covered by private health care insurance. private insurance carriers typically make direct payments to hospitals or, in some cases, reimburse their policy holders, based upon the particular hospital's established charges and the particular coverage provided in the insurance policy. private insurance reimbursement varies among payers and states and is generally based on contracts negotiated between the hospital and the payer.
commercial insurers are continuing efforts to limit the payments for hospital services by adopting discounted payment mechanisms, including predetermined payment or drg-based payment systems, for more inpatient and outpatient services. to the extent that such efforts are successful and reduce the insurers' reimbursement to hospitals and the costs of providing services to their beneficiaries, such reduced levels of reimbursement may have a negative impact on the operating results of our hospitals.
surprise billing interim final rule: on september 30, 2021, the department of labor, and the department of the treasury, along with the office of personnel management ("opm"), released an interim final rule with comment period, entitled "requirements related to surprise billing; part ii." this rule is related to title i (the "no surprises act") of division bb of the consolidated appropriations act, 2021, and establishes new protections from surprise billing and excessive cost sharing for consumers receiving health care items/services. it implements additional protections against surprise medical bills under the no surprises act, including provisions related to the independent dispute resolution process, good faith estimates for uninsured (or self-pay) individuals, the patient-provider dispute resolution process, and expanded rights to external review. on february 28, 2022, a district judge in the eastern district of texas invalidated portions of the rule governing aspects of the independent dispute resolution ("idr") process. in light of this decision, the government issued a final rule on august 19, 2022 eliminating the rebuttable presumption in favor of the qualifying payment amount ("qpa") by the idr entity and providing additional factors the idr entity should consider when choosing between two competing offers. on september 22, 2022, the texas medical association filed a lawsuit challenging the idr process provided in the updated final rule and alleging that the final rule unlawfully elevates the qpa above other factors the idr entity must consider. the american hospital association and american medical association have announced their intent to join this case as amici supporting the texas medical association. on february 10, 2023, cms instructed certified idr entities to hold all payment determinations until further guidance is issued by the departments of health & human services, labor, and treasury. this decision stems from the february 6, 2023, court decision that vacated the federal government's revised idr process for determining payment for out-of-network services under the no surprises act. certified idr entities have also been instructed to recall any payment determinations issued after february 6, 2023. we do not expect the interim final rule or the august 19, 2022, final rule to have a material impact on our results of operations.
other sources: our hospitals provide services to individuals that do not have any form of health care coverage. such patients are evaluated, at the time of service or shortly thereafter, for their ability to pay based upon federal and state poverty guidelines, qualifications for medicaid or other state assistance programs, as well as our local hospitals' indigent and charity care policy. patients without health care coverage who do not qualify for medicaid or indigent care write-offs are offered substantial discounts in an effort to settle their outstanding account balances.
health care reform: many medicare, medicaid and other health care industry changes were implemented as a result of the legislation. some of these key changes are outlined below.
medicaid federal dsh allotment:
although the implementation has been delayed several times, the legislation (as amended by subsequent federal legislation) requires annual aggregate reductions in federal medicaid dsh allotment from ffy 2024 through ffy 2027. commencing in federal fiscal year 2024, and continuing through 2027, dsh payments are scheduled to be reduced by $8 billion annually.
value-based purchasing:
there is a trend in the healthcare industry toward value-based purchasing of healthcare services. these value-based purchasing programs include both public reporting of quality data and preventable adverse events tied to the quality and efficiency of care provided by facilities. governmental programs including medicare and medicaid currently require hospitals to report certain quality data to receive full reimbursement updates. in addition, medicare does not reimburse for care related to certain preventable adverse events. many large commercial payers currently require hospitals to report quality data, and several commercial payers do not reimburse hospitals for certain preventable adverse events.
the legislation required hhs to implement a value-based purchasing program for inpatient hospital services which became effective on october 1, 2012. the legislation requires hhs to reduce inpatient hospital payments for all discharges by 2% in ffy 2017 and subsequent years. hhs will pool the amount collected from these reductions to fund payments to reward hospitals that meet or exceed certain quality performance standards established by hhs. hhs will determine the amount each hospital that meets or exceeds the quality performance standards will receive from the pool of dollars created by these payment reductions. as part of the ffy 2022 ipps final rule and ffy 2023 final rule, as discussed above, and as a result of the on-going covid-19 pandemic, cms has implemented a budget neutral payment policy to fully offset the 2% vbp withhold during each of ffy 2022 and ffy 2023.
hospital acquired conditions:
the legislation prohibits the use of federal funds under the medicaid program to reimburse providers for medical assistance provided to treat hospital acquired conditions ("hac"). beginning in ffy 2015, hospitals that fall into the top 25% of national risk-adjusted hac rates for all hospitals in the previous year will receive a 1% reduction in their total medicare payments. as part of the ffy 2023 final rule discussed above, and as a result of the on-going covid-19 pandemic, cms will suppress all six measures in the hac reduction program for the fy 2023 program year and eliminate the hac reduction program's one percent payment penalty.
readmission reduction program:
in the legislation, congress also mandated implementation of the hospital readmission reduction program ("hrrp"). hospitals with excessive readmissions for conditions designated by hhs will receive reduced payments for all inpatient discharges, not just discharges relating to the conditions subject to the excessive readmission standard. the hrrp currently assesses penalties on hospitals having excess readmission rates for heart failure, myocardial infarction, pneumonia, acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) and elective total hip arthroplasty (tha) and/or total knee arthroplasty (tka), excluding planned readmissions, when compared to expected rates. in the fiscal year 2015 ipps final rule, cms added readmissions for coronary artery bypass graft (cabg) surgical procedures beginning in fiscal year 2017. to account for excess readmissions, an applicable hospital's base operating drg payment amount is adjusted for each discharge occurring during the fiscal year. readmissions payment adjustment factors can be no more than a 3 percent reduction. as part of the ffy 2023 ipps final rule discussed above, cms will modify all of the condition-specific readmission measures to include an adjustment for patient history of covid-19 for ffy 2024.
accountable care organizations:
the legislation requires hhs to establish a medicare shared savings program that promotes accountability and coordination of care through the creation of accountable care organizations ("acos"). the aco program allows providers (including hospitals), physicians and other designated professionals and suppliers to voluntarily work together to invest in infrastructure and redesign delivery processes to achieve high quality and efficient delivery of services. the program is intended to produce savings as a result of improved quality and operational efficiency. acos that achieve quality performance standards established by hhs will be eligible to share in a portion of the amounts saved by the medicare program. cms is also developing and implementing more advanced aco payment models that require acos to assume greater risk for attributed beneficiaries. on december 21, 2018, cms published a final rule that, in general, requires aco participants to take on additional risk associated with participation in the program. on april 30, 2020, cms issued an interim final rule with comment in response to the covid-19 national emergency permitting acos with current agreement periods expiring on december 31, 2020 the option to extend their existing agreement period by one year, and permitting certain acos to retain their participation level through 2021. it remains unclear to what extent providers will pursue federal aco status or whether the required investment would be warranted by increased payment.
2019 novel coronavirus disease medicare and medicaid payment related legislation in response to the growing threat of covid-19, on march 13, 2020 a national emergency was declared. the declaration empowered the hhs secretary to waive certain medicare, medicaid and children's health insurance program ("chip") program requirements and medicare conditions of participation under section 1135 of the social security act. having been granted this authority by hhs, cms issued a broad range of blanket waivers, which eased certain requirements for impacted providers, including:
•waivers and flexibilities for hospitals and other healthcare facilities including those for physical environment requirements and certain emergency medical treatment & labor act provisions
•provider enrollment flexibilities
•flexibility and relief for state medicaid programs including those under section 1135 waivers
•suspension of certain enforcement activities in addition to the national emergency declaration, congress passed and presidents trump and biden have signed various forms of legislation intended to support state and local authority responses to covid-19 as well as provide fiscal support to businesses, individuals, financial markets, hospitals and other healthcare providers.
some of the financial support included in the various legislative actions include:
•medicaid fmap enhancement
•the fmap was increased by 6.2% retroactive to the federal fiscal quarter beginning january 1, 2020 and each subsequent federal fiscal quarter for all states and u.s. territories during the declared public health emergency through december 31, 2022, in accordance with specified conditions. the consolidated appropriations act of 2023 ("caa of 2023"), signed into law on december 29, 2022, provides for the transitional reduction of the 6.2% enhanced fmap during 2023 to 5.0% during the second quarter, 2.5% during the third quarter and 1.5% during the fourth quarter of 2023.
•effective april 1, 2023, the caa of 2023 allows states to initiate medicaid renewals, post-enrollment verifications, and redeterminations over a 12-month period for all individuals who are enrolled in such plan (or waiver) as of april 1, 2023. this activity was previously prohibited as a condition for the receipt of the enhanced fmap during the phe. this medicaid enrollment related activity is likely to reduce medicaid beneficiary enrollment as states initiate this activity but the level of medicaid disenrollment cannot be predicted.
•public health emergency declaration
•the hhs secretary renewed the phe effective january 11, 2023, for 90 days. as a result, certain medicare payment provisions contingent on the phe are extended including the twenty percent (20%) medicare add-on for inpatient hospital covid-19 patients noted below. however, hhs has published guidance indicating its intent for the phe to expire on may 11, 2023. we cannot predict whether the loss of any such favorable payment provisions available to providers during the declared phe will ultimately have a negative financial impact on us.
•creation of a $250 billion public health and social services emergency fund ("phssef")
•makes grants available to hospitals and other healthcare providers to cover unreimbursed healthcare related expenses or lost revenues attributable to the public health emergency resulting from the coronavirus.
•during 2021, we received approximately $189 million in phssef grants from the federal government as provided for by the cares act. as previously disclosed, we returned these funds to hhs during the second quarter of 2021. since our intent was to return these funds, our financial results for the year ended december 31, 2021 include no impact from the receipt of these federal funds. reimbursements recorded pursuant the phssef and other various state and local governmental stimulus programs did not have a significant impact on our financial results during the nine-month period ended september 30, 2022. our results of operations for the nine-month period ended september 30, 2021 included approximately $13 million of reimbursements recorded in connection with these programs.
•during the year ended december 31, 2020, we received approximately $417 million of funds from various governmental stimulus programs, most notably the phssef as provided for by the cares act. as mentioned above, included financial results for the year ended december 31, 2020 was approximately $413 million of revenues recognized in connection with funds received from these federal, state and local governmental stimulus programs.
•all phssef receipts are subject to meeting the applicable terms and conditions of the various distribution programs as of september 30, 2021. the consolidated appropriations act, 2021 (h.r. 133) enacted on december 27, 2020 includes language that provides specific instructions on: (1) the redistribution of phssef grant payments by a parent company among its subsidiaries, and; (2) the calculation of lost revenue in a phssef grant entitlement determination. the hhs terms and conditions for all grant recipients and specific fund distributions are located at https://www.hhs.gov/coronavirus/cares-act-provider-relief-fund/for-providers/index.html
•reimburse hospitals at medicare rates for uncompensated covid-19 care for the uninsured
•our financial results for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 included approximately $22 million and $71 million, respectively, of revenues recorded in connection with this covid-19 uninsured program. revenue for the eligible patient encounters is recorded in the period in which the encounter is deemed eligible for this program net of any normal accounting reserves.
•effective march 22, 2022, hhs announced that the hrsa covid-19 uninsured program and coverage assistance fund is no longer accepting claims due to insufficient funding.
•medicare sequestration relief
•suspension of the 2% medicare sequestration offset for medicare services provided from may 1, 2020 through december 31, 2021 by various legislative extensions. in december, 2021, the suspended 2% payment reduction was extended until march 31, 2022 and partially suspended at a 1% payment reduction for an additional three-month period that ended on june 30, 2022.
•our financial results for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 included approximately $17 million and $45 million, respectively, of revenues recorded in connection with this medicare sequestration relief program.
•medicare add-on for inpatient hospital covid-19 patients
•increases the payment that would otherwise be made to a hospital for treating a medicare patient admitted with covid-19 by twenty percent (20%) for the duration of the covid-19 public health emergency.
•our financial results for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 included approximately $30 million and $34 million, respectively, of revenues recorded in connection with this covid-19 medicare add-on program. these payments were intended to offset the increased expenses associated with the treatment of medicare covid-19 patients.
•expansion of the medicare accelerated and advance payment program ("maapp")
• in march, 2021, we fully repaid the $695 million of medicare accelerated payments received during 2020.
in addition to statutory and regulatory changes to the medicare program and each of the state medicaid programs, our operations and reimbursement may be affected by administrative rulings, new or novel interpretations and determinations of existing laws and regulations, post-payment audits, requirements for utilization review and new governmental funding restrictions, all of which may materially increase or decrease program payments as well as affect the cost of providing services and the timing of payments to our facilities. the final determination of amounts we receive under the medicare and medicaid programs often takes many years, because of audits by the program representatives, providers' rights of appeal and the application of numerous technical reimbursement provisions. we believe that we have made adequate provisions for such potential adjustments. nevertheless, until final adjustments are made, certain issues remain unresolved and previously determined allowances could become either inadequate or more than ultimately required.
finally, we expect continued third-party efforts to aggressively manage reimbursement levels and cost controls. reductions in reimbursement amounts received from third-party payers could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and our results.
other operating results interest expense reflected below are the components of our interest expense which amounted to $127 million during 2022 and $84 million during 2021 (amounts in thousands):
2022                     2021
revolving credit &amp; demand notes (a.)                                    $9,791                 $2,318
tranche a term loan facility (a.)                                           68,782                 26,408
tranche b term loan facility (a.)                                                -                  5,941
$400 million, 5.00% senior notes due 2026 (b.)                                   -                 14,000
$800 million, 2.65% senior notes due 2030 (c.)                              21,426                 21,470
$700 million, 1.65% senior notes due 2026 (d.)                              11,725                  4,137
$500 million, 2.65% senior notes due 2032 (e.)                              13,380                  4,720
accounts receivable securitization program (f.)                                 39                    787
subtotal - revolving credit, demand notes, senior notes, term              125,143                 79,781
loan facilities and accounts receivable securitization program amortization of financing fees                                               4,903                  4,310
other combined interest expense                                              5,844                  5,588
capitalized interest on major projects                                      (8,623   )             (4,411   )
interest income                                                               (378   )             (1,596   )
interest expense, net                                                     $126,889                $83,672
(a.)in june, 2022 we entered into the ninth amendment to our credit agreement dated november 15, 2010, as amended (the "credit agreement"), which, among other things, added a new incremental tranche a term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of $700 million. in september, 2021, we entered into an eighth amendment which modified the definition of "adjusted libo rate". in august, 2021, we entered into a seventh amendment to our credit agreement which provided for the amendment and restatement of the previously existing credit facility including, among other things, the following: (i) a $1.2 billion aggregate amount revolving credit facility that is scheduled to mature in august, 2026 ($310.4 million of borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2022); (ii) a tranche a term loan facility with $2.34 billion of outstanding borrowings as of december 31, 2022 (including the $700 million increase provided for by the ninth amendment in june, 2022), and; (iii) repayment of a portion of the previously outstanding tranche a term loan facility borrowings ($150 million) and all of the tranche b term loan facility borrowings ($488 million). repayment of the $638 million of previously outstanding borrowings under the tranche a and tranche b term loan facilities were funded utilizing a portion of the proceeds generated from the august, 2021, issuance of the $700 million, 1.65% senior notes due in 2026, and the $500 million, 2.65%, senior notes due in 2032.
(b.)in september, 2021 we redeemed the entire $400 million aggregate principal amount of our previously outstanding 5.00% senior secured notes that were scheduled to mature in 2026 at a cash redemption price equal to the sum of 102.50% of the aggregate principal amount. this redemption was funded utilizing a portion of the proceeds generated from the august, 2021 issuance of the $700 million, 1.65% senior notes due in 2026, and the $500 million, 2.65% senior notes due in 2032, as discussed in (d.) and (e.) below.
(c.)in september, 2020, we completed the offering of $800 million aggregate principal amount of 2.65% senior notes due in 2030.
(d.)in august, 2021, we completed the offering of $700 million aggregate principal amount of 1.65% senior notes due in 2026.
(e.)in august, 2021, we completed the offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.65% senior notes due in 2032.
(f.)the accounts receivable securitization program was amended in april, 2021, to reduce the borrowing commitment to $20 million (from $450 million previously). as of the maturity date on december 20, 2022, the securitization expired and was not renewed or replaced.
interest expense increased by $43 million during 2022 to $127 million as compared to $84 million during 2021. the increase was primarily due to: (i) a net $45 million increase in aggregate interest expense on our revolving credit, demand notes, senior notes, term loan facilities and accounts receivable securitization program, resulting from an increase in our aggregate average cost of borrowings pursuant to these facilities (2.8% during 2022 as compared to 2.1% during 2021), as well as an increase in the aggregate average outstanding borrowings ($4.40 billion during 2022 as compared to $3.72 billion during 2021), partially offset by; (ii) a net $2 million decrease in other combined interest expenses, including a $4 million increase in capitalized interest on major projects.
the average effective interest rate, including amortization of deferred financing costs, original issue discount and designated interest rate swap expense/income, on borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit, demand notes, senior notes, term loan a and b facilities and accounts receivable securitization program, which amounted to approximately $4.40 billion during 2022 and $3.72 billion during 2021, were 2.9% during 2022 and 2.2% during 2021.
costs related to early extinguishment of debt in connection with financing transactions completed during 2021, our 2021 results of operations included pre-tax charges of approximately $17 million, incurred for the costs related to the extinguishment of debt. these charges, which were included in other (income) expense, net, consisted of the write-off of deferred charges (approximately $7 million) as well as the make-whole premium paid on the early redemption of the $400 million, 5% senior notes (approximately $10 million).
provision for asset impairments our financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2022, include a pre-tax provision for asset impairment of approximately $58 million, which is included in other operating expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of income, to write-down the asset value of desert springs hospital medical center, a 282-bed acute care hospital located in las vegas, nevada. in early 2023, as a result of various competitive pressures and operational challenges experienced in the market, which had a significant unfavorable impact on the hospital's results of operations during the past year, as well as physical plant constraints and limitations resulting from the advanced age of the facility (which opened in 1971), we announced plans to discontinue all inpatient operations by march of 2023. during the next two years, we plan to continue providing emergency department services within a portion of the existing facility while we construct a new free-standing emergency department on the hospital's campus. the provision for asset impairment reduced the asset values of the facility's real estate and equipment to their estimated fair values.
during 2021, in connection with the discontinuation of a certain module of a new clinical/financial information technology application under development, our financial results included a pre-tax provision for asset impairment of approximately $14 million to write-off the applicable portion of the capitalized costs incurred and is included in other operating expenses on the accompanying consolidated statement of income.
provision for income taxes and effective tax rates the effective tax rates, as calculated by dividing the provision for income taxes by income before income taxes, were as follows for each of the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands):
2022                     2021
provision for income taxes             $209,278                   $305,681
income before income taxes              866,260                  1,293,313
effective tax rate                         24.2   %                   23.6   %
the provision for income taxes decreased $96 million during 2022, as compared to 2021, due primarily to the income tax benefit recorded in connection with the $412 million decrease in pre-tax income ($427 million decrease in income before income taxes partially offset by a $15 million increase in net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests).
effects of inflation and seasonality seasonality -our acute care services business is typically seasonal, with higher patient volumes and net patient service revenue in the first and fourth quarters of the year. this seasonality occurs because, generally, more people become ill during the winter months, which results in significant increases in the number of patients treated in our hospitals during those months.
inflation - see disclosure above in results of operations-covid-19, clinical staffing shortage and effects of inflation.
liquidity year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to december 31, 2021:
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $996 million during 2022 as compared to $884 million during 2021. the net increase of $112 million was primarily attributable to the following:
•a favorable change of $695 million from the early return of the medicare accelerated payments which were received during 2020 and repaid during the first quarter of 2021;
•an unfavorable change of $249 million in accounts receivable due, in part, to increased receivables related to supplemental medicaid programs in various states as well as amounts outstanding at december 31, 2022, related to facilities and businesses that were opened/acquired during the past year;
•an unfavorable change of $238 million resulting from a decrease in net income plus/minus depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation, gain/loss on sale of assets and businesses, costs related to extinguishment of debt and provision for asset impairments;
•an unfavorable change of $193 million from other working capital accounts due primarily to the timing of disbursements for accounts payable, accrued expenses and accrued compensation, as well as the payment during 2022, of a portion of the employer's share of the 2020 social security taxes which were deferred pursuant to the cares act;
•an unfavorable change of $62 million in accrued insurance expense, net of commercial premiums paid;
•a favorable change of $59 million in other assets and deferred charges;
•a favorable change of $25 million in accrued and deferred income taxes, and;
•$75 million of other combined net favorable changes.
days sales outstanding ("dso"): our dso are calculated by dividing our net revenue by the number of days in the year. the result is divided into the accounts receivable balance at the end of the year. our dso were 55 days at december 31, 2022 and 50 days at december 31, 2021. the increase in our dso at december 31, 2022, as compared to december 31, 2021, was due, in part, to the above-mentioned increase in receivables during 2022 related to supplemental medicaid programs in various states and facilities that were opened or acquired during the year.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $647 million during 2022 and $914 million during 2021.
2022:
the $647 million of net cash used in investing activities during 2022 consisted of:
•$734 million spent on capital expenditures including capital expenditures for equipment, renovations and new projects at various existing facilities;
•$95 million received in connection with net cash inflows from forward exchange contracts that hedge our investment in the u.k. against movements in exchange rates;
•$20 million spent on the acquisition of businesses and property, and;
•$12 million of proceeds received from sales of assets and businesses.
2021:
the $914 million of net cash used in investing activities during 2021 consisted of:
•$856 million spent on capital expenditures including capital expenditures for equipment, renovations and new projects at various existing facilities;
•$105 million spent to acquire businesses and property, consisting primarily of a micro acute care hospital located in las vegas, nevada, and a physician practice management company located in california;
•$25 million of proceeds received from sales of assets and businesses;
•$20 million received in connection with the implementation of information technology applications (consists primarily of refunded costs previously paid), and;
•$1 million received in connection with net cash inflows from forward exchange contracts that hedge our investment in the u.k. against movements in exchange rates.
net cash used in financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $318 million during 2022 and $1.069 billion during 2021.
2022:
the $318 million of net cash used in financing activities during 2022 consisted of the following:
•generated $705 million of proceeds from new borrowings consisting primarily of $700 million of proceeds generated from the new tranche a term loan facility which commenced in june, 2022;
•spent $833 million to repurchase shares of our class b common stock in connection with: (i) open market purchases pursuant to our stock repurchase program ($811 million), and; (ii) income tax withholding obligations related to stock-based compensation programs ($22 million);
•spent $89 million on net repayment of debt as follows: (i) $51 million related to our tranche a term loan facility; (ii) $32 million related to our revolving credit facility, and; (iii) $6 million related to other debt facilities;
•spent $58 million to pay quarterly cash dividends of $.20 per share;
•spent $49 million in connection with the purchase of ownership interests from minority members, net of sales, consisting primarily of our purchase of george washington university's 20% ownership in the george washington university hospital (we now own 100% of the hospital);
•generated $14 million from the issuance of shares of our class b common stock pursuant to the terms of employee stock purchase plans;
•spent $5 million to pay profit distributions related to noncontrolling interests in majority owned businesses, and;
•spent $3 million to pay financing costs.
2021:
the $1.069 billion of net cash used in financing activities during 2021 consisted of the following:
•spent $3.038 billion on net repayment of debt as follows: (i) $1.911 billion related to our tranche a term loan facility; (ii) $490 million related to our terminated tranche b term loan facility; (iii) $410 million related to the early redemption of our previously outstanding $400 million, 5.00% senior secured notes which were scheduled to mature in june, 2026; (iv) $225 million related to our accounts receivable securitization program, and; (v) $2 million related to other debt facilities;
•generated $3.255 billion of proceeds related to new borrowings as follows: (i) $1.7 billion related to our tranche a term loan facility; (ii) $699 million (net of discount) related to the august, 2021 issuance of $700 million, 1.65% senior secured notes due in september, 2026; (iii) $499 million (net of discount) related to the august, 2021 issuance of $500 million, 2.65% senior secured notes due in january, 2032; (iv) $343 million pursuant to our revolving credit facility, and; (v) $14 million of proceeds received related to other debt facilities;
•spent $1.221 billion to repurchase shares of our class b common stock in connection with: (i) open market purchases pursuant to our stock repurchase program ($1.201 billion), and; (ii) income tax withholding obligations related to stock-based compensation programs ($20 million);
•spent $66 million to pay quarterly cash dividends of $.20 per share;
•spent $19 million to pay financing costs incurred in connection with various financing transactions;
•generated $13 million from the issuance of shares of our class b common stock pursuant to the terms of employee stock purchase plans;
•received $13 million in capital contributions from minority members in majority owned businesses, and;
•spent $7 million to pay profit distributions related to noncontrolling interests in majority owned businesses.
2023 expected capital expenditures:
during 2023, we expect to spend approximately $725 million to $875 million on capital expenditures which includes expenditures for capital equipment, construction of new facilities, and renovations and expansions at existing hospitals. we believe that our capital expenditure program is adequate to expand, improve and equip our existing hospitals. we expect to finance all capital expenditures and acquisitions with internally generated funds and/or additional funds, as discussed below.
capital resources:
credit facilities and outstanding debt securities in june, 2022 we entered into a ninth amendment to our credit agreement dated as of november 15, 2010, as amended and restated as of september, 2012, august, 2014, october, 2018, august, 2021, and september, 2021, among uhs, as borrower, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, as lenders, and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, (the "credit agreement"). the ninth amendment provided for, among other things, the following: (i) a new incremental tranche a term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of $700 million which is scheduled to mature on august 24, 2026, and; (ii) replaces the option to make eurodollar borrowings (which bear interest by reference to the libo rate) with term benchmark loans, which will bear interest by reference to the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"). the net proceeds generated from the incremental tranche a term loan facility were used to repay a portion of the borrowings that were previously outstanding under our revolving credit facility.
in september, 2021 we entered into an eighth amendment to our credit agreement which modified the definition of "adjusted libo rate".
in august, 2021 we entered into a seventh amendment to our credit agreement which, among other things, provided for the following:
oa $1.2 billion aggregate amount revolving credit facility, which is scheduled to mature on august 24, 2026, representing an increase of $200 million over the $1.0 billion previous commitment. as of december 31, 2022, this facility had $310 million of borrowings outstanding and $886 million of available borrowing capacity, net of $4 million of outstanding letters of credit;
oa $1.7 billion initial tranche a term loan facility which was subsequently increased by $700 million in june, 2022 by the above-mentioned ninth amendment. the seventh amendment also provided for repayment of $150 million of borrowings outstanding pursuant to the previous tranche a term loan facility, and;
orepayment of approximately $488 million of outstanding borrowings and termination of the previous tranche b term loan facility.
the terms of the tranche a term loan facility, as amended, which had $2.338 billion of outstanding borrowings as of december 31, 2022, provides for installment payments of $15.0 million per quarter during the period of september, 2022 through september, 2023, and $30.0 million per quarter during the period of december, 2023 through june, 2026. the unpaid principal balance at june 30, 2026 is payable on the august 24, 2026 scheduled maturity date of the credit agreement.
revolving credit and tranche a term loan borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at our election at either (1) the abr rate which is defined as the rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the lender's prime rate, (b) the weighted average of the federal funds rate, plus 0.5% and (c) one month sofr rate plus 1%, in each case, plus an applicable margin based upon our consolidated leverage ratio at the end of each quarter ranging from 0.25% to 0.625%, or (2) the one, three or six month sofr rate plus 0.1% (at our election), plus an applicable margin based upon our consolidated leverage ratio at the end of each quarter ranging from 1.25% to 1.625%. as of december 31, 2022, the applicable margins were 0.50% for abr-based loans and 1.50% for sofr-based loans under the revolving credit and term loan a facilities. the revolving credit facility includes a $125 million sub-limit for letters of credit. the credit agreement is secured by certain assets of the company and our material subsidiaries (which generally excludes asset classes such as substantially all of the patient-related accounts receivable of our acute care hospitals, and certain real estate assets and assets held in joint-ventures with third parties) and is guaranteed by our material subsidiaries.
the credit agreement includes a material adverse change clause that must be represented at each draw. the credit agreement also contains covenants that include a limitation on sales of assets, mergers, change of ownership, liens, indebtedness, transactions with affiliates, dividends and stock repurchases; and requires compliance with financial covenants including maximum leverage. we were in compliance with all required covenants as of december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021.
on august 24, 2021, we completed the following via private offerings to qualified institutional buyers under rule 144a and to non-u.s. persons outside the united states in reliance on regulation s under the securities act of 1933, as amended:
oissued $700 million of aggregate principal amount of 1.65% senior secured notes due on september 1, 2026, and;
oissued $500 million of aggregate principal amount of 2.65% senior secured notes due on january 15, 2032.
in april, 2021 our accounts receivable securitization program ("securitization") was amended (the eighth amendment) to: (i) reduce the aggregate borrowing commitments to $20 million (from $450 million previously); (ii) slightly reduce the borrowing rates and commitment fee, and; (iii) extend the maturity date to april 25, 2022. at various times from april, 2022 to september, 2022, the securitization was amended to extend the maturity date to various dates including, most recently, december 20, 2022. as of the december 20, 2022 maturity date, the securitization expired and was not renewed or replaced.
on september 13, 2021, we redeemed $400 million of aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior secured notes, that were scheduled to mature on june 1, 2026, at 102.50% of the aggregate principal, or $410 million.
as of december 31, 2022, we had combined aggregate principal of $2.0 billion from the following senior secured notes:
o$700 million aggregate principal amount of 1.65% senior secured notes due in september, 2026 ("2026 notes") which were issued on august 24, 2021.
o$800 million aggregate principal amount of 2.65% senior secured notes due in october, 2030 ("2030 notes") which were issued on september 21, 2020.
o$500 million of aggregate principal amount of 2.65% senior secured notes due in january, 2032 ("2032 notes") which were issued on august 24, 2021.
interest on the 2026 notes is payable on march 1st and september 1st until the maturity date of september 1, 2026. interest on the 2030 notes payable on april 15th and october 15th, until the maturity date of october 15, 2030. interest on the 2032 notes is payable on january 15thand july 15th until the maturity date of january 15, 2032.
the 2026 notes, 2030 notes and 2032 notes (collectively "the notes") were initially issued only to qualified institutional buyers under rule 144a and to non-u.s. persons outside the united states in reliance on regulation s under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"). in december, 2022, we completed a registered exchange offer in which virtually all previously outstanding notes were exchanged for identical notes that were registered under the securities act, and thereby became freely transferable (subject to certain restrictions applicable to affiliates and broker dealers). notes originally issued under rule 144a or regulation s that were not exchanged in the exchange offer remain outstanding and may not be offered or sold in the united states absent registration under the securities act or an applicable exemption from registration requirements thereunder.
the notes are guaranteed (the "guarantees") on a senior secured basis by all of our existing and future direct and indirect subsidiaries (the "subsidiary guarantors") that guarantee our credit agreement, or other first lien obligations or any junior lien obligations. the notes and the guarantees are secured by first-priority liens, subject to permitted liens, on certain of the company's and the subsidiary guarantors' assets now owned or acquired in the future by the company or the subsidiary guarantors (other than real property, accounts receivable sold pursuant to the company's existing receivables facility (as defined in the indenture pursuant to which the notes were issued (the "indenture")), and certain other excluded assets). the company's obligations with respect to the notes, the obligations of the subsidiary guarantors under the guarantees, and the performance of all of the company's and the subsidiary guarantors' other obligations under the indenture, are secured equally and ratably with the company's and the subsidiary guarantors' obligations under the credit agreement and the notes by a perfected first-priority security interest, subject to permitted liens, in the collateral owned by the company and its subsidiary guarantors, whether now owned or hereafter acquired. however, the liens on the collateral securing the notes and the guarantees will be released if: (i) the notes have investment grade ratings; (ii) no default has occurred and is continuing, and; (iii) the liens on the collateral securing all first lien obligations (including the credit agreement and the notes) and any junior lien obligations are released or the collateral under the credit agreement, any other first lien obligations and any junior lien obligations is released or no longer required to be pledged. the liens on any collateral securing the notes and the guarantees will also be released if the liens on that collateral securing the credit agreement, other first lien obligations and any junior lien obligations are released.
as discussed in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements-relationship with universal health realty income trust and other related party transactions, on december 31, 2021, we (through wholly-owned subsidiaries of ours) entered into an asset purchase and sale agreement with universal health realty income trust (the "trust"). pursuant to the terms of the agreement, which was amended during the first quarter of 2022, we, among other things, transferred to the trust, the real estate assets of aiken regional medical center ("aiken") and canyon creek behavioral health ("canyon creek"). in connection with this transaction, aiken and canyon creek (as lessees), entered into a master lease and individual property leases, as amended, (with the trust as lessor), for initial lease terms on each property of approximately twelve years, ending on december 31, 2033. as a result of our purchase option within the aiken and canyon creek lease agreements, this asset purchase and sale transaction is accounted for as a failed sale leaseback in accordance with u.s. gaap and we have accounted for the transaction as a financing arrangement. our lease payments payable to the trust are recorded to interest expense and as a reduction of the outstanding financial liability, and the amount allocated to interest expense is determined based upon our incremental borrowing rate and the outstanding financial liability. in connection with this transaction, our consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021 reflect financial liabilities, which are included in debt, of approximately $81 million and $82 million, respectively.
at december 31, 2022, the carrying value and fair value of our debt were approximately $4.8 billion and $4.4 billion, respectively. at december 31, 2021, the carrying value and fair value of our debt were each approximately $4.2 billion. the fair value of our debt was computed based upon quotes received from financial institutions. we consider these to be "level 2" in the fair value hierarchy as outlined in the authoritative guidance for disclosures in connection with debt instruments.
our total debt as a percentage of total capitalization was approximately 45% at december 31, 2022 and 41% at december 31, 2021.
we expect to finance all capital expenditures and acquisitions and pay dividends and potentially repurchase shares of our common stock utilizing internally generated and additional funds. additional funds may be obtained through: (i) borrowings under our existing revolving credit facility, which had $886 million of available borrowing capacity as of december 31, 2022, or through refinancing the existing credit agreement; (ii) the issuance of other short-term and/or long-term debt, and/or; (iii) the issuance of equity. we believe that our operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, available commitments under existing agreements, as well as access to the capital markets, provide us with sufficient capital resources to fund our operating, investing and financing requirements for the next twelve months. however, in the event we need to access the capital markets or other sources of financing, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time. our inability to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us could have a material unfavorable impact on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
supplemental guarantor financial information as of december 31, 2022, we had combined aggregate principal of $2.0 billion from the notes:
•$700 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 notes;
•$800 million aggregate principal amount of the 2030 notes, and;
•$500 million of aggregate principal amount of the 2032 notes.
the notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed pursuant to the guarantees on a senior secured basis by the subsidiary guarantors. the notes and the guarantees are secured by first-priority liens, subject to permitted liens, on certain of the company's and the subsidiary guarantors' assets now owned or acquired in the future by the company or the subsidiary guarantors (other than real property, accounts receivable sold pursuant to the company's existing receivables facility (as defined in the indentures pursuant to which the notes were issued ), and certain other excluded assets). the company's obligations with respect to the notes, the obligations of the subsidiary guarantors under the guarantees, and the performance of all of the company's and the subsidiary guarantors' other obligations under the indentures, are secured equally and ratably with the company's and the subsidiary guarantors' obligations under the credit agreement and the notes by a perfected first-priority security interest, subject to permitted liens, in the collateral owned by the company and its subsidiary guarantors, whether now owned or hereafter acquired. however, the liens on the collateral securing the notes and the guarantees will be released if: (i) the notes have investment grade ratings; (ii) no default has occurred and is continuing, and; (iii) the liens on the collateral securing all first lien obligations (including the credit agreement and the notes) and any junior lien obligations are released or the collateral under the credit agreement, any other first lien obligations and any junior lien obligations is released or no longer required to be pledged. the liens on any collateral securing the notes and the guarantees will also be released if the liens on that collateral securing the credit agreement, other first lien obligations and any junior lien obligations are released.
the notes will be structurally subordinated to all obligations of our existing and future subsidiaries that are not and do not become subsidiary guarantors of the notes. no appraisal of the value of the collateral has been made, and the value of the collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. consequently, liquidating the collateral securing the notes may not produce proceeds in an amount sufficient to pay any amounts due on the notes.
we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. although our credit agreement contains restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and our credit agreement and the notes contain restrictions on our ability to incur liens to secure additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. these restrictions also will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. in addition, if we incur any additional indebtedness secured by liens that rank equally with the notes, subject to collateral arrangements, the holders of that debt will be entitled to share ratably with you in any proceeds distributed in connection with any insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding up of our company. this may have the effect of reducing the amount of proceeds paid to holders of the notes.
federal and state fraudulent transfer and conveyance statutes may apply to the issuance of the notes and the incurrence of the guarantees. under federal bankruptcy law and comparable provisions of state fraudulent transfer or conveyance laws, which may vary from state to state, the notes or the guarantees (or the grant of collateral securing any such obligations) could be voided as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance if we or any of the subsidiary guarantors, as applicable, (a) issued the notes or incurred the guarantees with the intent of hindering, delaying or defrauding creditors or (b) under certain circumstances received less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration in return for either issuing the notes or incurring the guarantees.
basis of presentation the following tables include summarized financial information of universal health services, inc. and the other obligors in respect of debt issued by universal health services, inc. the summarized financial information of each obligor group is presented on a combined basis with balances and transactions within the obligor group eliminated. investments in and the equity in earnings of non-guarantor subsidiaries, which would otherwise be consolidated in accordance with gaap, are excluded from the below summarized financial information pursuant to sec regulation s-x rule 13-01.
the summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by universal health services, inc. is presented in the table below:
(in thousands)                           december 31, 2022                                                       december 31, 2021
current assets                                  $2,062,900                                                              $1,865,568
noncurrent assets (1)                           $8,773,036                                                              $8,695,985
current liabilities                             $1,686,005                                                              $1,818,415
noncurrent liabilities                          $5,587,141                                                              $6,164,650
due to non-guarantors                             $942,731                                                                $940,852
(1) includes goodwill of $3,273 million and $3,257 million as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
the summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by universal health services, inc. is presented in the table below:
twelve months ended     twelve months ended
(in thousands)                december 31, 2022       december 31, 2021
net revenues                  $10,853,259             $10,310,332
operating charges                         9,947,778               9,044,261
interest expense, net                       193,486                 149,394
other (income) expense, net                   7,487                 (14,513   )
net income                    $532,047                $878,065
affiliates whose securities collateralize the senior secured notes the notes and the guarantees are secured by, among other things, pledges of the capital stock of our subsidiaries held by us or by our secured guarantors, in each case other than certain excluded assets and subject to permitted liens. such collateral securities are secured equally and ratably with our and the guarantors' obligations under our credit agreement. for a list of our subsidiaries the capital stock of which has been pledged to secure the notes, see exhibit 22.1 to this report.
upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default under the indentures governing the notes, subject to the terms of the security agreement relating to the notes provide for (among other available remedies) the foreclosure upon and sale of the collateral (including the pledged stock) and the distribution of the net proceeds of any such sale to the holders of the notes, the lenders under the credit agreement and the holders of any other permitted first priority secured obligations on a pro rata basis, subject to any prior liens on the collateral.
no appraisal of the value of the collateral securities has been made, and the value of the collateral securities in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. consequently, liquidating the collateral securities securing the notes may not produce proceeds in an amount sufficient to pay any amounts due on the notes.
the security agreement relating to the notes provides that the representative of the lenders under our credit agreement will initially control actions with respect to that collateral and, consequently, exercise of any right, remedy or power with respect to enforcing interests in or realizing upon such collateral will initially be at the direction of the representative of the lenders.
no trading market exists for the capital stock pledged as collateral.
the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the combined affiliates whose securities are pledged as collateral are not materially different than the corresponding amounts presented in the consolidated financial information of universal health services, inc.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2022 we were party to certain off balance sheet arrangements consisting of standby letters of credit and surety bonds which totaled $169 million consisting of: (i) $159 million related to our self-insurance programs, and; (ii) $10 million of other debt and public utility guarantees.
obligations under operating leases for real property, real property master leases and equipment amount to $922 million as of december 31, 2022. the real property master leases are leases for buildings on or near hospital property for which we guarantee a certain level of rental income. we sublease space in these buildings and any amounts received from these subleases are offset against the expense. in addition, we lease certain hospital facilities from universal health realty trust (the "trust") with terms scheduled to expire in 2026, 2033 and 2040. these leases contain various renewal options, as disclosed in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements-relationship with universal health realty income trust and other related party transactions. we also lease two free-standing emergency departments and space in certain medical office buildings which are owned by the trust. in addition, we lease the real property of certain other facilities from non-related parties as indicated in item 2. properties, as included herein.
the following represents the scheduled maturities of our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2022:
payments due by period (dollars in thousands)
less than                        2-3                         4-5                       after total                                 1 year                      years                       years                     5 years long-term debt obligations (a)                  $4,807,980                           $81,447                   $253,263                  $3,035,768                  $1,437,502
estimated future interest payments on debt              1,031,021                    225,637                    418,642                     190,747                     195,995
outstanding as of december 31, 2022 (b)
construction commitments (c)                               23,563                      5,000                     18,563                           0                           0
purchase and other obligations (d)                        369,259                     58,589                    107,057                      76,727                     126,886
operating leases (e)                                      921,753                     83,573                    143,634                      98,810                     595,736
estimated future payments for defined benefit             169,337                     19,535                     15,176                      18,470                     116,156
pension plan, and other retirement plan (f)
health and dental unpaid claims (g)                       133,624                    133,624                          0                           0                           0
total contractual cash obligations              $7,456,537                          $607,405                   $956,335                  $3,420,522                  $2,472,275
(a)reflects debt outstanding, after unamortized financing costs, as of december 31, 2022 as discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
(b)assumes that all debt outstanding as of december 31, 2022, including borrowings under our credit agreement, remain outstanding until the final maturity of the debt agreements at the same interest rates (some of which are floating) which were in effect as of december 31, 2022. we have the right to repay borrowings upon short notice and without penalty, pursuant to the terms of the credit agreement.
(c)our share of the estimated construction cost of a behavioral health care facility scheduled to be completed in 2025 that, subject to approval of certain regulatory conditions, we are required to build pursuant to a joint-venture agreement with a third party. in addition, we had various other projects under construction as of december 31, 2022. because we can terminate substantially all of the construction contracts related to the various other projects at any time without paying a termination fee, these costs are excluded from the table above.
(d)consists of: (i) $54 million related to long-term contracts with third-parties consisting primarily of certain revenue cycle data processing services for our acute care facilities; (ii) $224 million related to the future expected costs to be paid to a third-party vendor in connection with the ongoing operation of an electronic health records application and purchase and implementation of a revenue cycle and other applications for our facilities; (iii) $16 million for other software applications, and; (iv) $75 million in healthcare infrastructure in washington d.c. in connection with various agreements with the district of columbia, as discussed below.
(e)reflects our future minimum operating lease payment obligations related to our operating lease agreements outstanding as of december 31, 2022 as discussed in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. some of the lease agreements provide us with the option to renew the lease and our future lease obligations would change if we exercised these renewal options. in connection with these operating lease commitments, our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2022 includes right of use assets amounting to $455 million and aggregate operating lease liabilities of $463 million ($68 million included in current liabilities and $395 million included in noncurrent liabilities).
(f)consists of $146 million of estimated future payments related to our non-contributory, defined benefit pension plan (estimated through 2080), as disclosed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, and $23 million of estimated future payments related to other retirement plan liabilities ($19 million of liabilities recorded in other non-current liabilities as of december 31, 2022 in connection with these retirement plans).
(g)consists of accrued and unpaid estimated claims expense incurred in connection with our commercial health insurers and self-insured employee benefit plans.
as of december 31, 2022, the total net accrual for our professional and general liability claims was $372 million, of which $74 million is included in other current liabilities and $298 million is included in other non-current liabilities. we exclude the $372 million for professional and general liability claims from the contractual obligations table because there are no significant contractual obligations associated with these liabilities and because of the uncertainty of the dollar amounts to be ultimately paid as well as the timing of such payments. please see self-insured/other insurance risks above for additional disclosure related to our professional and general liability claims and reserves.
during 2020, we entered into a various agreements with the district of columbia (the "district") related to the development, leasing and operation of an acute care hospital and certain other facilities/structures on land owned by the district ("district facilities"). the agreements contemplate that we will serve as manager for development and construction of the district facilities on behalf of the district, with a projected aggregate cost of approximately $439 million, approximately $64 million of which was incurred as of december 31, 2022, which will be entirely funded by the district. construction of the district facilities is expected to be completed during 2025. upon completion of the district facilities, we will lease the district facilities for a nominal rental amount for a period of 75 years and are obligated to operate the district facilities during the lease term. we have certain lease termination rights in connection with the district facilities beginning on the tenth anniversary of the lease commencement date for various and decreasing amounts as provided for in the agreements. additionally, any time after the 10th anniversary of the lease term, we have a right to purchase the district facilities for a price equal to the greater of fair market value of the district facilities or the amount necessary to defease the bonds issued by the district to fund the construction of the district facilities. the lease agreement also entitles the district to participation rent should certain specified earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization thresholds be achieved by the acute care hospital. additionally, we have committed to expend no less than $75 million, over a projected 12-year period, in healthcare infrastructure including expenditures related to the district facilities as well as other healthcare related expenditures in certain specified areas of washington, d.c. this financial commitment is included in "purchase and other obligations" as reflected on the contractual obligations table above. pursuant to the agreements, the district is entitled to certain termination fees and other amounts as specified in the agreements in the event we, within certain specified periods of time, cease to operate the acute care hospital or there is a transfer of control of us or our subsidiary operating the hospital.
