item 1a: risk factors the company is subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the following:
risks related to macroeconomic conditions the company's international operations may be negatively affected by political events, wars or terrorism, economic conditions and regulatory changes, related to either a specific country or a larger region. these potential political, currency and economic disruptions, as well as foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
approximately 70% and 72% of the company's net sales in 2022 and 2021, respectively, were outside of the united states and were primarily denominated in foreign currencies. during 2022, the u.s. dollar strengthened significantly against all other major currencies in the world, which resulted in foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations negatively impacting the company's sales growth by 5% and earnings per diluted share growth by 9% or $1.00. in addition, the company has considerable manufacturing operations in ireland and the u.k., as well as significant subcontractors located in singapore. as a result, a significant portion of the company's sales and operations are subject to certain risks, including adverse developments in the political, regulatory and economic environment, in particular, uncertainty regarding possible changes to foreign and domestic trade policy; the effect of the u.k.'s exit from the european union as well as the financial difficulties and debt burden experienced by a number of european countries; impact and costs of terrorism or war, in particular as a result of the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine, and the possibility of further escalation resulting in new geopolitical and regulatory instability; the instability and possible dissolution of the euro as a single currency; sudden movements in a country's foreign exchange rates due to a change in a country's sovereign risk profile or foreign exchange regulatory practices; trade protection measures including embargoes, sanctions and tariffs; differing tax laws and changes in those laws; restrictions on investments and/or limitations regarding foreign ownership; nationalization of private enterprises which may result in the confiscation of assets; credit risk and uncertainties regarding the collectability of accounts receivable; the impact of global health pandemics and epidemics, such as covid-19; difficulties in protecting intellectual property; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; and associated adverse operational, contractual and tax consequences.
14
in 2022, the company generated approximately 19% of its total net sales from china. china's government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing sector-specific policies, and it maintains control over china's economic growth through setting monetary policy and determining treatment of particular industries or companies. accordingly, our financial position or results of operations can be adversely influenced by political, economic, legal, compliance, social and business conditions in china generally.
additionally, the u.s. dollar value of the company's net sales, cost of sales, operating expenses, interest, taxes and net income varies with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. significant increases or decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies, particularly the euro, japanese yen, british pound and chinese renminbi, could have a material adverse effect or benefit on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
from time to time, the company enters into certain foreign currency exchange contracts that are intended to offset some of the market risk associated with sales denominated in foreign currencies. we cannot predict the effectiveness of these transactions or their impact upon our future operating results, and from time to time they may negatively affect our quarterly earnings.
global economic conditions may have an adverse effect on the demand for, and supply of, the company's products and harm the company's financial results.
the company is a global business that may be adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions such as changes in the rate of inflation (including the cost of raw materials, commodities and supplies) and interest rates. these changes in global economic conditions may affect the demand for, and supply of, the company's products and services. this may result in a decline in sales in the future, increased rate of order cancellations or delays, increased risk of excess or obsolete inventories, longer sales cycles and potential difficulty in collecting sales proceeds. there can be no assurance regarding demand for the company's products and services in the future.
disruption in worldwide financial markets could adversely impact the company's access to capital and financial condition.
financial markets in the u.s., europe and asia have experienced times of extreme disruption, including, among other things, sharp increases in the cost of new capital, credit rating downgrades and bailouts, severely diminished capital availability and severely reduced liquidity in money markets. financial and banking institutions have also experienced disruptions, resulting in large asset write-downs, higher costs of capital, rating downgrades and reduced desire to lend money. there can be no assurance that there will not be future deterioration or prolonged disruption in financial markets or financial institutions. any future deterioration or prolonged disruption in financial markets or financial institutions in which the company participates may impair the company's ability to access its existing cash, utilize its existing syndicated bank credit facility funded by such financial institutions or access sources of new capital, which it may need to meet its capital needs. the cost to the company of any new capital raised and interest expense would increase if this were to occur.
public health crises, epidemics or pandemics, such as the continuing covid-19 pandemic have had, and could in the future have, a negative impact on the company's business and operations.
public health crises, epidemics or pandemics have had, and could in the future have, a negative impact on our business and operations. in particular, the covid-19 pandemic has disrupted and may continue to disrupt the company's business. the company operates in over 35 countries, including those in the regions most impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. in response to the covid-19 pandemic, governments of most countries, including the united states, as well as private businesses, implemented numerous measures attempting to contain and mitigate the effects of covid-19. while these restrictions have been lifted or eased in many jurisdictions, a resurgence of covid-19 in certain countries, particularly in china, has resulted in an increased number of cases, and may slow, halt or reverse the reopening process. such measures have had and are expected to continue to have adverse impacts on the united states and foreign economies of uncertain severity and duration, and have had and may continue to have a negative impact on the company's operations, including company sales and cash flow.
15
for example, the covid-19 pandemic has and may continue to have a significant impact on our supply chain if our manufacturing facilities or those of third parties to whom we outsource certain manufacturing processes, the distribution centers where our inventory is managed or the operations of our logistics and other service providers are disrupted, temporarily closed or experience worker shortages. the current logistic and supply chain issues being experienced throughout the world have made it more difficult for us to manage our operations and as such we cannot provide any assurances that any further disruptions in the logistics and supply chains will not have a material impact on our future financial results and cashflows. we have and may continue to have disruptions or delays in shipments of certain materials or components of our products.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused the company to take measures to modify its business practices. we have invested in maintaining safe work environments for our employees by, among other things, adding work from home flexibility, adjusting attendance policies to encourage those who are sick to stay at home and establishing new physical distancing and safety procedures for employees. further, the company has modified policies regarding employee travel and physical participation in meetings, events and conferences. the company may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that the company determines are in the best interests of, among others, its employees, customers, third-party sales intermediaries and suppliers. the company's change in business practices may result in the company experiencing lower workforce efficiency and productivity. in addition, as company employees work from home and access the company's systems remotely, the company may be subject to heightened security risks, including the risks of cyber-attacks. although we are in re-opening phases for our corporate and other facilities, such re-openings may face future closure requirements. there is no certainty that the company's measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by covid-19, and the company's ability to perform critical functions could be adversely impacted. furthermore, the company's business could be adversely affected if any of the company's key management employees are unable to perform their duties for a period of time, including as a result of illness.
the degree to which covid-19 or any other public health crisis ultimately affects the company's business, financial results and operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.
risks related to our business the company's financial results are subject to changes in customer demand, which may decrease for a number of reasons, many beyond the company's control.
the demand for the company's products is dependent upon the size of the markets for its lc, lc-ms, thermal analysis, rheometry and calorimetry products; the timing and level of capital spending and expenditures of the company's customers; changes in governmental regulations, particularly those affecting drug, food and drinking water testing; funding available to academic, governmental and research institutions; general economic conditions and the rate of economic growth in the company's major markets; and competitive considerations. the company typically experiences an increase in sales in its fourth quarter as a result of purchasing habits for capital goods by customers that tend to exhaust their spending budgets by calendar year-end. however, there can be no assurance that the company will effectively forecast customer demand and appropriately allocate research and development expenditures to products with high growth and high margin prospects. additionally, there can be no assurance that the company's results of operations or financial condition will not be adversely impacted by a change in any of the factors listed above or the continuation of uncertain global economic conditions.
the analytical instrument market may also, from time to time, experience low sales growth. approximately 59% and 60% of the company's net sales in 2022 and 2021, respectively, were to worldwide pharmaceutical accounts, which may be periodically subject to unfavorable market conditions and consolidations. unfavorable industry conditions could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
16
competitors may introduce more effective or less expensive products than the company's, which could result in decreased sales. the competitive landscape may transform as a result of potential changes in ownership, mergers and continued consolidations among the company's competitors, which could harm the company's business.
the analytical instrument market, and, in particular, the portion related to the company's hplc, uplc, lc-ms, thermal analysis, rheometry and calorimetry product lines, is highly competitive. the company encounters competition from several international instrument suppliers and other companies in both domestic and foreign markets. some competitors have instrument businesses that are generally more diversified than the company's business, but are typically less focused on the company's chosen markets. over the years, some competitors have merged with other competitors for various reasons, including increasing product line offerings, improving market share and reducing costs. there can be no assurance that the company's competitors will not introduce more effective and less costly products than those of the company or that the company will be able to increase its sales and profitability from new product introductions. there can be no assurance that the company's sales and marketing forces will compete successfully against the company's competitors in the future.
strategies for organic growth require developing new technologies and bringing these new technologies to market, which could negatively impact the company's financial results.
the company's corporate strategy is fundamentally based on winning through organic innovation and deep application expertise. the company is in the process of developing new products with recently acquired technologies. the future development of these new products will require a significant amount of spending over the next few years before any significant, robust sales will be realized. furthermore, these new products will be sold into both the non-clinical and clinical markets, and any new products requiring fda clearance may take longer to bring to market. there can be no assurance given as to the timing of these new product launches and the ultimate realization of sales and profitability in the future.
in addition, the company's products are subject to rapid changes in technology. rapidly changing technology could make some or all of our product lines obsolete unless the company is able to continually improve our existing products and develop new products. if the company fails to develop and introduce products in a timely manner in response to changing technology, market demands or the requirements of our customers, the company's product sales may decline, and we could experience an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
the company may face risks associated with previous or future acquisitions, strategic investments, joint ventures and divestitures.
in the normal course of business, the company may engage in discussions with third parties relating to possible acquisitions, strategic investments, joint ventures and divestitures. the company may pursue transactions that complement or augment its existing products and services. such transactions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in integrating the acquired operations, technologies and products; diversion of management's attention from other business concerns; inability to predict financial results; potential departures of key employees of the acquired company; and difficulties in effectively transferring divested businesses and liabilities. if the company successfully identifies acquisitions in the future, completing such acquisitions may result in new issuances of the company's stock that may be dilutive to current owners; increases in the company's debt and contingent liabilities; and additional amortization expense related to intangible assets. acquired businesses may also expose the company to new risks and new markets, and the company may have difficulty addressing these risks in a cost-effective and timely manner. any of these transaction-related risks could have a material adverse effect on the company's profitability. in addition, the company may not be able to identify, successfully complete, or integrate potential acquisitions in the future. even if the company can do so, it cannot be sure that these acquisitions will have a positive impact on the company's business or operating results.
17
the company's software or hardware may contain coding or manufacturing errors that could impact their function, performance and security, and result in other negative consequences.
despite testing prior to the release and throughout the lifecycle of a product or service, the detection and correction of any errors in released software or hardware can be time consuming and costly. this could delay the development or release of new products or services, or new versions of products or services, create security vulnerabilities in the company's products or services, and adversely affect market acceptance of products or services. if the company experiences errors or delays in releasing its software or hardware, or new versions thereof, its sales could be affected and revenues could decline. errors in software or hardware could expose the company to product liability, performance and warranty claims as well as harm to brand and reputation, which could impact future sales.
a successful product liability claim brought against the company in excess of, or outside the coverage of, the company's insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. the company may not be able to maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms, if at all, and insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities.
disruption of operations at the company's manufacturing facilities could harm the company's financial condition.
the company manufactures lc instruments at facilities in milford, massachusetts and through a subcontractor in singapore; precision chemistry separation columns at its facilities in taunton, massachusetts and wexford, ireland; ms products at its facilities in wilmslow, england, solihull, england and wexford, ireland; thermal analysis and rheometry products at its facilities in new castle, delaware; and other instruments and consumables at various other locations as a result of the company's acquisitions. any prolonged disruption to the operations at any of these facilities, whether due to labor difficulties, destruction of or damage to any facility or other reasons, could harm our customer relationships, impede our ability to generate sales and have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
failure to adequately protect intellectual property could have materially adverse effects on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
our success depends on our ability to obtain, maintain, and enforce patents on our technology, maintain our trademarks, and protect our trade secrets. there can be no assurance that any patents held by the company will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or that the rights granted thereunder will provide competitive advantages to the company. additionally, there could be successful claims against the company by third-party patent holders with respect to certain company products that may infringe the intellectual property rights of such third parties. in the event that a claim relating to intellectual property is asserted against the company, or third parties hold pending or issued patents that relate to the company's products or technology, the company may seek licenses to such intellectual property or challenge those patents. however, the company may be unable to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, and the challenge of the patents may be unsuccessful. the company's failure to obtain the necessary licenses or other rights could impact the sale, manufacture, or distribution of its products and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition. the company's patents, including those licensed from others, expire on various dates.
the company also relies on trade secrets and proprietary know-how with which it seeks to protect its products, in part, by confidentiality agreements with its collaborators, employees and consultants. these agreements may not adequately protect the company's trade secrets and other proprietary rights. these agreements may be breached, and the company may not have adequate remedies for any breach. in addition, the company's trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed by its competitors. if the company is unable to protect its intellectual property rights, it could have an adverse and material effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
18
the company's business would suffer if the company were unable to acquire adequate sources of supply.
most of the raw materials, components and supplies purchased by the company are available from a number of different suppliers; however, a number of items are purchased from limited or single sources of supply. consolidation among such suppliers could also result in other limited or sole-source suppliers for the company in the future. disruption of these sources could have, at a minimum, a temporary adverse effect on shipments and the financial results of the company. in addition, price increases from these suppliers could have an adverse effect on the company's margins. a prolonged inability to obtain certain materials or components could have an adverse effect on the company's financial condition or results of operations and could result in damage to its relationships with its customers and, accordingly, adversely affect the company's business.
the company's sales would deteriorate if the company's outside contractors fail to provide necessary components or modules.
certain components or modules of the company's lc and ms instruments are manufactured by outside contractors, including the manufacturing of lc instrument systems and related components by contract manufacturing firms in singapore. the ability of these contractors to perform their obligations is largely outside of the company's control. failure by these outside contractors to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels could have an adverse effect on the supply chain and the financial results of the company. in addition, if one or more of such contractors experience significant disruption in services or institute a significant price increase, the company may have to seek alternative providers, its costs could increase and the delivery of its products could be prevented or delayed. a prolonged inability to obtain these components or modules could have an adverse effect on the company's financial condition or results of operations.
the company's business could be harmed by actions of third-party sales intermediaries and other third parties that sell our products.
the company sells some products through third parties, including third-party sales intermediaries and value-added resellers. this exposes us to various risks, including competitive pressure, concentration of sales volumes, credit risks and compliance risks. we may rely on one or a few key third-party sales intermediaries for a product or market and the loss of these third-party sales intermediaries could reduce our revenue or net earnings. third-party sales intermediaries may also face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivable. moreover, violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"), the u.k. bribery act or similar anti-bribery laws by distributors or other third-party intermediaries could materially and adversely impact our business, reputation and results of operations. risks related to our use of third-party sales intermediaries and other third parties may reduce sales, increase expenses and weaken our competitive position.
the company is subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm its business by leading to a reduction in revenues associated with these customers.
the company derives a portion of its revenue from direct and indirect sales to u.s. federal, state and local as well as foreign governments and their respective agencies, and, as a result, it is subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. the laws governing government contracts differ from the laws governing private contracts and government contracts may contain pricing terms and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts. the company is also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. a failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment, which could negatively impact the company's business and operations. if the company's government contracts are terminated, if it is suspended from government work or if its ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, the company's business could be negatively impacted.
19
the company's financial results are subject to unexpected shifts in pre-tax income between tax jurisdictions, changing application of tax law and tax audit examinations.
the company is subject to rates of income tax that range from 0% up to 34% in various jurisdictions in which it conducts business. in addition, the company typically generates a substantial portion of its income in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. geographical shifts in income from previous quarters' projections caused by factors including, but not limited to, changes in volume and product mix and fluctuations in foreign currency translation rates, could therefore have potentially significant favorable or unfavorable effects on the company's income tax expense, effective tax rate and results of operations.
governments in the jurisdictions in which the company operates implement changes to tax laws and regulations from time to time. any changes in corporate income tax rates or regulations regarding transfer pricing or repatriation of dividends or capital, as well as changes in the interpretation of existing tax laws and regulations, in the jurisdictions in which the company operates could adversely affect the company's cash flow and lead to increases in its overall tax burden, which would negatively affect the company's profitability.
the company entered into a new development and expansion incentive in singapore that provides a concessionary income tax rate of 5% on certain types of income for the period april 1, 2021 through march 31, 2026. prior to april 1, 2021, the company had a tax exemption in singapore on certain types of income, based upon the achievement and continued satisfaction of certain operational and financial milestones, which the company met as of december 31, 2020 and maintained through march 2021. the company had determined that it was more likely than not to realize the tax exemption in singapore and, accordingly, did not recognize any reserves for unrecognized tax benefits on its balance sheet related to this tax exemption. if any of the milestone targets were not met, the company would not have been entitled to the tax exemption on income earned in singapore dating back to the start date of the agreement (april 1, 2016), and all the tax benefits previously recognized would be reversed, resulting in the recognition of income tax expense equal to the statutory tax of 17% on income earned during that period.
as a global business, the company is subject to tax audit examinations in various jurisdictions throughout the world. the company must manage the cost and disruption of responding to governmental audits, investigations and proceedings. in addition, the impact of the settlement of pending or future tax audit examination could have an unfavorable effect on the company's income tax expense, effective tax rate and results of operations.
the company may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and other intangible assets.
as of december 31, 2022, the net carrying value of the company's goodwill and other intangible assets totaled approximately $658 million. in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the company periodically assesses these assets to determine if they are impaired. significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to the company's business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of our assets, changes in the structure of our business, divestitures, market capitalization declines or increases in associated discount rates can impair the company's goodwill and other intangible assets. any charges relating to such impairments adversely affect the company's financial statements in the periods recognized.
risks related to human capital management we may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees.
our future success depends upon the continued service of our executive officers and other key management and technical personnel, and on our ability to continue to identify, attract, retain and motivate them. implementing our business strategy requires specialized engineering and other talent, as our revenues are highly dependent on technological and product innovations. the market for employees in our industry is extremely competitive, and competitors for talent, particularly engineering talent, increasingly attempt to hire, and to varying degrees have been successful in hiring, our employees. a number of such competitors for talent are significantly larger than us
20
and are able to offer compensation in excess of what we are able to offer. further, existing immigration laws make it more difficult for us to recruit and retain highly skilled foreign national graduates of universities in the united states, making the pool of available talent even smaller. if we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, our business may be harmed.
the loss of key members of management and the risks inherent in succession planning could adversely affect the company's results of operations or financial condition.
the operation of the company requires managerial and operational expertise. none of the company's key management employees, with the exception of the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, have an employment contract with the company and there can be no assurance that such individuals will remain with the company. if, for any reason, other key personnel do not continue to be active in management, the company's results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected. the company's success also depends on its ability to execute leadership succession plans. the inability to successfully transition key management roles could have a material adverse effect on the company's operating results.
risks related to cybersecurity disruption, cyber-attack or unforeseen problems with the security, maintenance or upgrade of the company's information and web-based systems could have an adverse effect on the company's operations and financial condition.
the company relies on its technology infrastructure and that of its third-party partners, including its software and banking partners, among other functions, to interact with suppliers, sell products and services, fulfill contract obligations, ship products, collect and make electronic wire and check based payments and otherwise conduct business. the company's technology infrastructure and that of its third-party partners has been, and may in the future be, vulnerable to damage or interruption from, but not limited to, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, unauthorized access to customer or employee data, unauthorized access to and funds transfers from company bank accounts and other attempts to harm the company's systems. in the event of such an incident, the company has in the past, and may in the future, suffer interruptions in service, loss of assets or data or reduced functionality. the company attempts to mitigate cybersecurity risks by employing a number of proactive measures, including mandatory ongoing employee training and awareness, technical security controls, enhanced data protection and maintenance of backup and protective systems. despite these mitigation measures, the company's systems and those of its partners remain potentially vulnerable to cybersecurity threats, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. to date, cybersecurity incidents have not resulted in a material adverse impact to the company's business or operations, but there can be no guarantee it will not experience such an impact. additionally, the company must maintain and periodically upgrade its information and web-based systems, which has caused and will in the future cause temporary interruptions to its technology infrastructure. any prolonged disruption to the company's technology infrastructure, at any of its facilities, could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. while the company maintains cyber insurance, this insurance may not, however, be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of its systems.
if the company's security measures are compromised or fail to adequately protect its technology infrastructure, research and development efforts or manufacturing operations, the company's products and services may be perceived as vulnerable or unreliable, the information protected by the company's controls and processes may be subject to unauthorized access, acquisition or modification, the company's brand and reputation could be damaged, the services that the company provides to its customers could be disrupted, and customers may stop using the company's products and services, all of which could reduce the company's revenue and earnings, increase its expenses and expose it to legal claims and regulatory actions.
the company is in the business of designing, manufacturing, selling and servicing analytical instruments to life science, pharmaceutical, biochemical, industrial, nutritional safety and environmental, academic and governmental customers working in research and development, quality assurance and other laboratory
21
applications, and the company is also a developer and supplier of software-based products that support instrument systems. many of the company's customers are in highly regulated industries. while the company has invested time and resources implementing measures designed to protect the integrity and security of its technology infrastructure, research and development processes, manufacturing operations, products and services, and the internal and external data managed by the company, there is a risk these measures will be defeated or compromised or that they are otherwise insufficient to protect against existing or emerging threats. the company also has acquired companies, products, services and technologies over time and may face inherent risk when integrating these acquisitions into the company. in addition, at times, the company faces attempts by third parties to defeat its security measures or exploit vulnerabilities in its systems. these risks will increase as the company continues to grow and expand geographically, and its systems, products and services become increasingly digital and sensor- and web-based.
the company could suffer significant damage to its brand and reputation if a security incident resulted in unauthorized access to, acquisition of, or modification to the company's technology infrastructure, research and development processes, manufacturing operations, its products and services as well as the internal and external data managed by the company. such an incident could disrupt the company's operations and customers could lose confidence in the company's ability to deliver quality and reliable products or services. this could negatively impact sales and could increase costs related to fixing and addressing these incidents and any vulnerabilities exposed by them, as well as to lawsuits, regulatory investigations, claims or legal liability including contractual liability, costs and expenses owed to customers and business partners.
risks related to compliance, regulatory or legal matters changes in governmental regulations and compliance failures could harm the company's business.
the company is subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign governments and agencies in areas including, among others, health and safety, import/export, privacy and data protection, fcpa and environmental laws and regulations. a portion of the company's operations are subject to regulation by the fda and similar foreign regulatory agencies. these regulations are complex, can change frequently and govern an array of product activities, including design, development, labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. any failure by the company to comply with applicable governmental regulations could result in product recalls, the imposition of fines, restrictions on the company's ability to conduct or expand its operations or the cessation of all or a portion of its operations. additionally, the company develops, configures and markets its products and services to meet customer needs created by these regulations, and any significant change in regulations could reduce demand for its products, increase its expenses or otherwise materially impact its financial position and results of operations.
regulators globally are increasingly imposing greater fines and penalties for privacy and data protection violations, and the european union, as an example, has enacted a broad data protection regulation with fines based on a percentage of global revenues. changes in laws or regulations associated with enhanced protection of certain sensitive types of personal information, such as information related to health, could greatly increase the cost of compliance and the cost of providing the company's products or services. any failure, or perceived failure, by the company to comply with laws and regulations on privacy, data security or consumer protection, or other policies, public perception, standards, self-regulatory requirements or legal obligations, could result in lost or restricted business, proceedings, actions or fines brought against the company or levied by governmental entities or others, or could otherwise adversely affect the business and harm the company's reputation.
some of the company's operations are subject to domestic and international laws and regulations with respect to the manufacturing, handling, use or sale of toxic or hazardous substances. this requires the company to devote substantial resources to maintain compliance with those applicable laws and regulations. if the company fails to comply with such requirements in the manufacturing or distribution of its products, it could face civil and/or criminal penalties and potentially be prohibited from distributing or selling such products until they are compliant.
22
some of the company's products are also subject to the rules of certain industrial standards bodies, such as the international standards organization. the company must comply with these rules, as well as those of other agencies, such as the united states occupational safety and health administration. failure to comply with such rules could result in the loss of certification and/or the imposition of fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations.
as a publicly-traded company, the company is subject to the rules of the sec and the new york stock exchange. in addition, the company must comply with the sarbanes-oxley regulations, which require the company to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. the company's efforts to comply with such laws and regulations are time consuming and costly. while we continue to enhance our controls, we cannot be certain that we will be able to prevent future significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. failure to comply with such regulations or having inadequate internal controls could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and operations, which could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock and our access to capital.
the company is subject to the rules of the sec under the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, which require disclosure as to whether certain materials (tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten), known as conflict minerals, which may be contained in the company's products, are mined from the democratic republic of the congo and adjoining countries. in 2021, the company was not able to determine with certainty the country of origin of some of the conflict minerals in its manufactured products. however, the company does not have knowledge that any of its conflict minerals originated from the democratic republic of the congo or adjoining countries. the company is in the process of evaluating its 2022 supply chain, and the company plans to file its 2022 form sd with the sec in may 2023. the results of this and future evaluations may impose additional costs and may introduce new risks related to the company's ability to verify the origin of any conflict minerals contained in its products.
the company may be harmed by improper conduct of any of our employees, agents or business partners.
we cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect the company from acts committed by employees, agents or business partners that would violate domestic and international laws, including laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, export and import compliance, money laundering and data privacy. in particular, the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act and similar anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. any such improper actions or allegations of such acts could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the u.s. and in other jurisdictions and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. in addition, the government may seek to hold us liable as a successor for violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. we also rely on our suppliers to adhere to our supplier standards of conduct and material violations of such standards of conduct could occur that could have a material effect on our business, reputation and financial statements.
environmental, social and corporate governance ("esg") issues, including those related to climate change and sustainability, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and damage our reputation.
there is an increasing focus from certain investors, customers, consumers, employees and other stakeholders concerning esg matters. additionally, public interest and legislative pressure related to public companies' esg practices continue to grow. if our esg practices fail to meet regulatory requirements or investor, customer, consumer, employee or other stakeholders' evolving expectations and standards for responsible corporate
23
citizenship in areas including environmental stewardship and sustainability, support for local communities, director and employee diversity, human capital management, employee health and safety practices, product quality, supply chain management, corporate governance and transparency, our reputation, brand and employee retention may be negatively impacted, and our customers and suppliers may be unwilling to continue to conduct business with us.
customers, consumers, investors and other stakeholders are increasingly focusing on environmental issues, including climate change, energy and water use, plastic waste and other sustainability concerns. concern over climate change or plastics and packaging materials, in particular, may result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate impacts to the environment. changing customer and consumer preferences or increased regulatory requirements may result in increased demands or requirements regarding plastics and packaging materials, including single-use and non-recyclable plastic products and packaging, other components of our products and their environmental impact on sustainability, or increased customer and consumer concerns or perceptions (whether accurate or inaccurate) regarding the effects of substances present in certain of our products. complying with these demands or requirements could cause us to incur additional manufacturing, operating or product development costs.
if we do not adapt to or comply with new regulations, or fail to meet evolving investor, industry or stakeholder expectations and concerns regarding esg issues, investors may reconsider their capital investment in our company, and customers and consumers may choose to stop purchasing our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business or financial condition.
the company is subject to or otherwise responsible for a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of business that can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
from time to time, the company and its subsidiaries are subject to or otherwise responsible for a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of business, as well as regulatory subpoenas, requests for information, investigations and enforcement. defending or otherwise responding to these matters can divert the company's management's attention and may cause it to incur significant expenses. the company believes it has meritorious arguments in its current litigation matters and believes any outcome, either individually or in the aggregate, will not be material to the company's financial position or results of operations. however, each of these matters is subject to uncertainties, and it is possible that some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to the company.
general risk factors the effects of climate change could harm the company's business.
the company's manufacturing processes for certain of its products involve the use of chemicals and other substances that are regulated under various international, federal, state and local laws governing the environment. in the event that any future climate change legislation would require that stricter standards be imposed by domestic or international environmental regulatory authorities with respect to the use and/or levels of possible emissions from such chemicals and/or other substances, the company may be required to make certain changes and adaptations to its manufacturing processes. any such changes could have a material adverse effect on the financial statements of the company.
another potential effect of climate change is an increase in the severity of global weather conditions. the company's manufacturing facilities are located in the u.s., u.k., ireland and germany. in addition, the company manufactures a growing percentage of its hplc, uplc and ms products in both singapore and ireland. severe weather and geological conditions or events, including earthquakes, hurricanes and/or tsunamis, could potentially cause significant damage to the company's manufacturing facilities in each of these countries. the effects of such damage and the resulting disruption of manufacturing operations and the impact of lost sales could have a material adverse impact on the financial results of the company.
24
estimates and assumptions made in accounting for the company's results from operations are dependent on future results, which involve significant judgments and may be imprecise and may differ materially from actual results.
the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements. these estimates and assumptions must be made due to certain information used in preparation of our financial statements which is dependent on future events, cannot be calculated with a high degree of precision from data available or is not capable of being readily calculated based on generally accepted methodologies. the company believes that the accounting related to revenue recognition, goodwill and intangible assets, income taxes, uncertain tax positions, litigation, business combinations and asset acquisitions and inventory valuation involves significant judgments and estimates. actual results for all estimates could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions used, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by changes to the company's retirement plans or retirement plan assets.
the company sponsors various retirement plans, both inside and outside the united states. any changes in regulations made by governments in countries in which the company sponsors retirement plans could adversely impact the company's cash flows or results of operations. in connection with these retirement plans, the company is exposed to market risks associated with changes in the various capital markets. for example, changes in long-term interest rates affect the discount rate that is used to measure the company's retirement plan obligations and related expense. in addition, changes in the market value of investments held by the retirement plans could materially impact the funded status of the retirement plans, and affect the related pension expense and level and timing of contributions required under applicable laws.
the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if the company is unable to maintain a sufficient level of cash flow.
the company had $1.6 billion in debt and $481 million in cash, cash equivalents and investments as of december 31, 2022. as of december 31, 2022, the company also had the ability to borrow an additional $1.5 billion from its existing, committed credit facility. all but a small portion of the company's debt was in the u.s. there is a substantial cash requirement in the united states to fund operations and capital expenditures, service debt interest obligations, finance potential united states acquisitions and continue authorized stock repurchase programs. as such, the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted if the company is unable to generate and maintain a sufficient level of cash flow to address these requirements through (1) cash from operations, (2) the company's ability to access its existing cash and revolving credit facility, (3) the ability to expand the company's borrowing capacity and (4) other sources of capital obtained at an acceptable cost.
debt covenants, and the company's failure to comply with them, could negatively impact the company's capital and financial results.
the company's existing debt is, and future debt may be, subject to restrictive debt covenants that limit the company's ability to engage in certain activities that could otherwise benefit the company. these debt covenants include restrictions on the company's ability to enter into certain contracts or agreements, which may limit the company's ability to make dividend or other payments, secure other indebtedness, enter into transactions with affiliates and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of the company's assets. the company is also required to meet specified financial ratios under the terms of the company's debt agreements. the company's ability to comply with these financial restrictions and all other covenants is dependent on the company's future performance, which is subject to, but not limited to, prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond the company's control, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, changes in
25
technology and changes in the level of competition. failure to comply with restrictive debt covenants that are not waived or cured could result in an event of default under the applicable debt instrument, which could permit acceleration of the applicable debt and require the company to prepay the debt before its scheduled due date.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations business overview the company has two operating segments: waterstm and tatm. waters products and services primarily consist of high-performance liquid chromatography ("hplc"), ultra-performance liquid chromatography ("uplctm" and, together with hplc, referred to as "lc"), mass spectrometry ("ms") and precision chemistry consumable products and related services. ta products and services primarily consist of thermal analysis, rheometry and calorimetry instrument systems and service sales. the company's products are used by pharmaceutical, biochemical, industrial, nutritional safety, environmental, academic and government customers. these customers use the company's products to detect, identify, monitor and measure the chemical, physical and biological composition of materials and to predict the suitability and stability of fine chemicals, pharmaceuticals, water, polymers, metals and viscous liquids in various industrial, consumer goods and healthcare products.
covid-19 pandemic both the company's domestic and international operations have been and continue to be affected by the ongoing global covid-19 pandemic that has led to volatility and uncertainty in the u.s. and international markets. the company is actively managing its business to respond to the covid-19 impact; however, the company cannot reasonably estimate the length or severity of the covid-19 pandemic, including the effect of the emergence of variants of the virus, or the related response, or the extent to which the disruption may materially impact the company's business, consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations or consolidated cash flows in the future.
the covid-19 pandemic has not had a material impact on the company's manufacturing facilities or those of the third parties to whom it outsources certain manufacturing processes, the distribution centers where the inventory is managed or the operations of its logistics and other service providers.
the company has taken decisive and appropriate actions throughout the covid-19 pandemic and continues to take proactive measures to guard the health of its global employee base and the safety of all customer interactions. the company has implemented rigorous protocols to promote a safe work environment in all of its locations that are operational around the world and continues to closely monitor and update its multi-phase process for the safe return of employees to their physical workplaces as social distancing, governmental requirements, including capacity limitations, and other protocols allow.
the vast majority of the markets the company serves, most notably the pharmaceutical, biomedical research, materials sciences, food/environmental and clinical markets, have continued to operate at various levels, and the company is working closely with these customers to facilitate their seamless operation.
31
financial overview the company's operating results are as follows for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands, except per share data):
year ended december 31,                             % change
2022                         2021                          2020                           2022 vs              2021 vs
2021                 2020
revenues:
product sales                                             $1,988,169                    $1,822,070                    $1,497,333               9    %              22    %
service sales                                                983,787                       963,804                       868,032               2    %              11    %
total net sales                                            2,971,956                     2,785,874                     2,365,365               7    %              18    %
costs and operating expenses:
cost of sales                                              1,248,182                     1,156,533                     1,006,689               8    %              15    %
selling and administrative expenses                          658,026                       626,968                       553,698               5    %              13    %
research and development expenses                            176,190                       168,358                       140,777               5    %              20    %
purchased intangibles amortization                             6,366                         7,143                        10,587             (11   %)             (33   %)
asset impairments                                                  -                             -                         6,945               *    *               *    *
acquired in-process research and development                   9,797                             -                             -               *    *               *    *
litigation provision                                               -                         5,165                         1,180               *    *               *    *
operating income                                             873,395                       821,707                       645,489               6    %              27    %
operating income as a % of sales                                29.4    %                     29.5    %                     27.3   %
other income (expense), net                                    2,228                        17,203                        (1,775   )         (87   %)               *    *
interest expense, net                                        (37,777    )                  (32,717    )                  (32,800   )          15    %               -
income before income taxes                                   837,846                       806,193                       610,914               4    %              32    %
provision for income taxes                                   130,091                       113,350                        89,343              15    %              27    %
net income                                                  $707,755                      $692,843                      $521,571               2    %              33    %
net income per diluted common share                           $11.73                        $11.17                         $8.36               5    %              34    %
**   percentage not meaningful

the company's net sales increased 7% in 2022 as compared to 2021, and 18% in 2021 as compared to 2020. the sales growth in 2022 and 2021 was driven by strong customer demand across most major geographies, end markets, and product categories. the increase in sales in 2021 was also impacted by the increase in demand for our products and services as our customers returned to pre-pandemic levels of operations. foreign currency translation decreased total sales growth by 5% in 2022 as the u.s. dollar strengthened significantly against all other major currencies in the world, which negatively impacted our sales and operating profits. foreign currency translation increased total sales growth by 2% in 2021.
instrument system sales increased 11% and 23% in 2022 and 2021, respectively. such increases were attributable to the broad-based increase in customer demand across all existing and newly introduced lc, lc-ms and thermal analysis instrument system sales. foreign currency translation decreased instrument system sales growth by 5% in 2022 and had minimal impact on sales growth in 2021. recurring revenues (combined sales of precision chemistry consumables and services) increased 3% and 13% in 2022 and 2021, respectively, with foreign currency translation decreasing sales growth by 6% in 2022 and increasing sales growth by 2% in 2021.
operating income was $873 million in 2022, an increase of 6% as compared to 2021. this increase was primarily a result of the increase in sales volume and pricing increases, partially offset by higher electronic component and freight inflationary costs and the negative effect of foreign currency translation. the effect of foreign currency translation lowered operating income by approximately $71 million during 2022.
32
operating income increased 27% in 2021 as compared to 2020. this increase was primarily a result of the increase in sales volumes caused by our customers resuming laboratory and manufacturing operations throughout the world as they returned to pre-pandemic levels of operations and the favorable impact of foreign currency translation. the operating income increase was partially offset by the restoration of expenses that had been decreased in 2020 which consisted of a series of cost reduction actions that included salary reductions, furloughs and reductions in non-essential spending that increased operating income by approximately $100 million in 2020. during 2021, the effect of foreign currency translation increased operating income by approximately $19 million.
operating income as a percentage of sales was 29.4%, 29.5% and 27.3% in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the 2020 operating income percentage decreased as a result of the decrease in sales volume due to the covid-19 pandemic.
the company's effective tax rates were 15.5%, 14.1% and 14.6% for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. net income per diluted share was $11.73, $11.17 and $8.36 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the company generated $612 million, $747 million and $791 million of net cash flows provided by operating activities in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the decrease in 2022 operating cash flow was primarily a result of higher inventory levels, slower cash collections and higher incentive compensation payments in 2022 compared to 2021.
net cash used in investing activities included capital expenditures related to property, plant, equipment and software capitalization of $176 million, $161 million and $172 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the cash flows used in investing activities in 2022, 2021 and 2020 included $32 million, $49 million and $70 million, respectively, of capital expenditures related to the major expansion of the company's precision chemistry consumable operations in the united states.
in january 2019, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase up to $4 billion of its outstanding common stock over a two-year period. in december 2020, the company's board of directors authorized the extension of the share repurchase program through january 21, 2023. in december 2022, the company's board of directors amended and extended this repurchase program's term by one year such that it shall now expire on january 21, 2024 and increased the total authorization level by $750 million to $4.8 billion. during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, the company repurchased $616 million and $640 million of the company's outstanding common stock, respectively, under authorized share repurchase programs. the company believes that it has the financial flexibility to fund these share repurchases given current cash and investment levels and debt borrowing capacity, as well as to invest in research, technology and business acquisitions to further grow the company's sales and profits.
on february 14, 2023, the company entered into an agreement to acquire all issued and outstanding equity interests of wyatt technology for $1.4 billion in cash at closing, subject to customary adjustments. wyatt technology is a pioneer in innovative light scattering and field-flow fractionation instruments, software, accessories and services. the company will finance this acquisition through cash on its balance sheet and existing borrowing capacity that is available on its revolving credit facility. the agreement contains certain customary termination rights, including the right of the sellers to terminate this transaction if it has not been completed by june 14, 2023, subject to automatic extension to august 14, 2023 if certain regulatory approvals are not obtained by such date. if this were to occur, the company would be required to pay the sellers a one-time fee in the amount of $15 million if the agreement is validly terminated and not consummated in accordance with the closing conditions set forth in the agreement. this transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.
33
results of operations sales by geography geographic sales information is presented below for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,                             % change
2022                         2021                          2020                      2022 vs.               2021 vs.
2021                   2020
net sales:
asia:
china                          $565,143                      $521,128                    $404,352             8   %                 29   %
japan                           167,220                       182,597                     179,815            (8   %)                 2   %
asia other                      399,380                       372,040                     315,010             7   %                 18   %
total asia                    1,131,743                     1,075,765                     899,177             5   %                 20   %
americas:
united states                   886,140                       774,014                     678,313            14   %                 14   %
americas other                  169,495                       151,206                     119,529            12   %                 27   %
total americas                1,055,635                       925,220                     797,842            14   %                      %
europe                          784,578                       784,889                     668,346             -                          %
total net sales              $2,971,956                    $2,785,874                  $2,365,365             7   %                 18   %
geographically, the company's sales growth in 2022 and 2021 was broad-based across most major regions. foreign currency translation decreased total sales growth by 5% in 2022 as the u.s. dollar strengthened significantly against all other major currencies. the geographies that were the most negatively impacted by the strengthening of the u.s. dollar in 2022 were europe and japan, as the weakening of the euro and japanese yen lowered sales growth in europe and japan by 10% and 17%, respectively, in 2022. in 2022, sales increased 5% in asia, 14% in the americas, and were flat in europe, with the effect of foreign currency translation decreasing sales growth by 7% in asia, and 10% in europe. china sales increased 8% in 2022 with foreign currency translation decreasing china sales growth by 2% in 2022. this increase in china sales was driven by strong customer demand for our products and services despite the negative impact that the covid-19 pandemic had on our business in china in 2022. the latest covid-19 pandemic lockdowns and reopening in china made it difficult to conduct normal business operations in 2022, and the company's future sales growth may be negatively impacted if future lockdowns were to occur for a prolonged period in the future.
the sales growth in 2021 across all geographies was driven by increased demand for our products and services as a result of our customers resuming laboratory and manufacturing operations, as well as the pent-up demand from 2020 caused by the covid-19 pandemic.
sales by trade class net sales by customer class are presented below for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,                            % change
2022                       2021                        2020                      2022 vs.              2021 vs.
2021                  2020
pharmaceutical                     $1,751,665                  $1,667,061                  $1,386,966             5   %                20   %
industrial                            909,805                     829,204                     707,772            10   %                17   %
academic and government               310,486                     289,609                     270,627             7   %                 7   %
total net sales                    $2,971,956                  $2,785,874                  $2,365,365             7   %                18   %
34
sales to pharmaceutical customers increased 5% and 20% in 2022 and 2021, respectively, with foreign currency translation decreasing pharmaceutical sales by 5% in 2022 and increasing sales by 1% in 2021. the sales growth in 2021 for each customer class was driven by the increased demand as our customers returned to pre-pandemic levels of operations. the pharmaceutical sales growth in 2022 was driven by strong growth in most major regions, partially offset by the negative impact from foreign currency translation. combined sales to industrial customers, which include material characterization, food, environmental and fine chemical markets, increased 10% and 17% in 2022 and 2021, respectively, with foreign currency translation decreasing sales growth by 5% in 2022 and increasing sales growth by 2% in 2021. combined sales to academic and government customers increased 7% in both 2022 and 2021, with foreign currency translation decreasing academic and government sales growth by 6% in 2022 and increasing sales growth by 2% in 2021. sales to our academic and government customers are highly dependent on when institutions receive funding to purchase our instrument systems and, as such, sales can vary significantly from period to period.
waters products and services net sales net sales for waters products and services were as follows for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                % change
2022                               % of       2021                               % of       2020                               % of          2022 vs.              2021 vs.
total                                         total                                         total              2021                  2020
waters instrument systems               $1,210,456                46   %              $1,089,248                44   %                $890,855                42   %            11   %                22   %
chemistry consumables                      525,399                     %                 507,209                     %                 432,080                20   %             4   %                17   %
total waters product sales               1,735,855                66   %               1,596,457                65   %               1,322,935                62   %             9   %                21   %
waters service                             890,607                     %                 876,626                     %                 794,189                38   %             2   %                10   %
total waters net sales                  $2,626,462               100   %              $2,473,083               100   %              $2,117,124               100   %             6   %                17   %
waters products and service sales increased 6% and 17% in 2022 and 2021, respectively, with the effect of foreign currency translation decreasing waters sales growth by 6% in 2022 and increasing sales growth by 2% in 2021. waters instrument system sales (lc and ms technology-based) grew 11% and 22% in 2022 and 2021, respectively, with foreign currency translation lowering sales growth by 5% in 2022. the increase in the waters instrument system sales in 2022 and 2021 can be attributed to the strong customer demand for our existing products as well as the introduction of our new arctm hplc, acquitytm premier and xevotm tq absolute products. the increase in waters chemistry consumables sales was primarily due to the strong demand in most major geographies, driven by the uptake in columns and application-specific testing kits to pharmaceutical customers and partially offset by the negative impact from foreign currency translation which decreased sales by 5%. waters service sales increased due to higher service demand billing, particularly in china and the united states, partially offset by the negative impact from foreign currency translation which decreased by 6%.
in 2021, the increase in waters products and service sales was due to customer demand increasing to pre-pandemic levels as customer laboratories and manufacturing facilities continued to return to normal operations. in addition, sales growth in 2021 benefited from the growing contributions made by the company's recent introductions of new higher-performing products which included the acquity premier system, arc premier hplc system and multi-reflecting tof mass spectrometers.
35
ta product and services net sales net sales for ta products and services were as follows for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                % change
2022                         % of          2021                         % of          2020                            % of          2022 vs.              2021 vs.
total                                      total                                        total              2021                  2020
ta instrument systems             $252,314           73        %             $225,613           72        %             $174,398                70   %            12   %                29   %
ta service                          93,180                     %               87,178                     %               73,843                30   %             7   %                18   %
total ta net sales                 345,494           100       %              312,791           100       %              248,241               100   %            10   %                26   %
ta instrument system and service sales growth in 2022 and 2021 was broad-based across most major geographies increasing 10% and 26%, respectively. these increases were primarily driven by strong customer demand for our thermal analysis instruments and services. the increase in ta instrument systems and ta service sales in 2022 was driven by strength in china and the americas, while the increase in 2021 was driven by strength in all major regions. in 2021, the increase in ta products and service sales was also due to customer demand increasing to pre-pandemic levels as customer laboratories and manufacturing facilities continued to return to normal operations. the effect of foreign currency translation decreased ta's sales growth by 6% in 2022 and increased sales by 1% in 2021.
cost of sales cost of sales increased 8% in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to the increase in sales volumes during the year as well as an increase in electronic component and freight inflationary costs. in 2021, cost of sales increased 15% as compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in sales volumes during the year, the reinstatement in 2021 of expenses that had been reduced as a result of the covid-19 pandemic in 2020 that consisted of salary reductions, furloughs and reductions in non-essential spending as well as an increase in freight costs.
cost of sales is affected by many factors, including, but not limited to, foreign currency translation, product mix, product costs of instrument systems and amortization of software platforms. at current foreign currency exchange rates, the company expects foreign currency translation to decrease gross profit during 2023.
selling and administrative expenses selling and administrative expenses increased 5% and 13% in 2022 and 2021, respectively. the increase in selling and administrative expenses in 2022 can be attributed to higher salary merit and variable incentive compensation costs due to an increase in the number of employees. the increase in selling and administrative expenses in 2021 as compared to 2020 can be attributed to the higher salary merit and variable incentive compensation costs as well as the impact of the reinstatement of salary reductions, furloughs and reductions in non-essential spending that occurred in 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the effect of foreign currency translation decreased selling and administrative expenses by 4% in 2022 and increased expenses by 1% in 2021.
as a percentage of net sales, selling and administrative expenses were 22.1%, 22.5% and 23.4% for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
research and development expenses research and development expenses increased 5% and 20% in 2022 and 2021, respectively. the increase in research and development expenses in 2022 was impacted by additional headcount, merit compensation and costs associated with new products and the development of new technology initiatives. the impact of foreign currency exchange decreased expenses by 3% and 1% in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
36
acquired in-process research & development in 2022, the company completed an asset acquisition in which the cdms technology assets of megadalton were acquired for approximately $10 million in total purchase price, of which $5 million was paid at closing and the remaining $4 million will be paid in the future at various dates through 2029. this cdms technology makes it possible to analyze extremely large proteins and protein complexes used in cell and gene therapies that would otherwise be difficult to analyze with conventional mass spectrometry. once this technology is further developed, we anticipate that it will extend the capabilities of our mass spectrometry portfolio for a broader set of applications, and as such, the cost of this technology asset has been accounted for as acquired in-process research and development and expensed as part of costs and operating expenses in the statement of operations.
asset impairments during 2020, due to a shift in strategic priorities, the company recorded a non-cash charge of $10 million for the impairment of certain intangible assets associated with the acquisition of medimass research development and service kft ("medimass"). in conjunction with the intangible asset impairment, the company also reduced its liability for contingent consideration of $3 million during 2020 as the carrying value of this liability is based on the future sales of the medimass intangible assets that were impaired. see note 2, basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies, under the heading "asset impairments" in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a description of the impairment charge.
other income (expense), net in 2022, the company sold equity investments for $10 million in cash and recorded gains on the sales of approximately $7 million in other income (expense), net on the statement of operations. the company also incurred $6 million in losses on equity investments within other income (expense), net on the statement of operations.
in 2021, the company executed a settlement agreement to resolve patent infringement litigation with bruker corporation and bruker daltronik gmbh regarding their timstof product line. in connection with the settlement, the company is entitled to receive $10 million in guaranteed payments, including minimum royalty payments. in 2021, the company recorded an unrealized gain of $10 million due to an observable change in the fair value of an existing investment that the company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over.
interest expense, net net interest expense in 2022 increased $5 million as compared to 2021 due to the lower interest income benefit from the lower notional amount of interest rate cross currency swap agreements. net interest expense in 2021 remained consistent with 2020 as the increase in the average debt balance in 2021 was offset by the impact of lower interest rates.
provision for income taxes the four principal jurisdictions in which the company manufactures are the u.s., ireland, the u.k. and singapore, where the statutory tax rates were 21%, 12.5%, 19% and 17%, respectively, as of december 31, 2022. the company has a new development and expansion incentive in singapore that provides a concessionary income tax rate of 5% on certain types of income for the period april 1, 2021 through march 31, 2026. prior to april 1, 2021, the company had a tax exemption on income arising from qualifying activities in singapore based upon the achievement of certain contractual milestones, which the company met as of december 31, 2020 and maintained through march 2021. the effect of applying the concessionary income tax rates rather than the statutory tax rate to income from qualifying activities in singapore increased the company's net income by $20 million, $20 million and $21 million, and increased the company's net income per diluted share by $0.33, $0.32 and $0.33 for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
37
the company's effective tax rate for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 15.5%, 14.1% and 14.6%, respectively. the increase in the company's effective tax rate in 2022 can primarily be attributed to the impact of the change in the u.s. tax law that now requires research and development expenditures to be capitalized and amortized. this change in tax law increased the company's 2022 effective tax rate, through the global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") provision, by approximately 1.5%. the remaining differences in the effective tax rate are primarily attributed to differences in the proportionate amounts of pre-tax income recognized in jurisdictions with different effective tax rates and a tax benefit of $7 million on stock-based compensation.
the 2021 effective tax rate differed from the 21% u.s. statutory tax rate primarily due to the jurisdictional mix of earnings, a $10 million provision related to the gilti tax and a tax benefit of $7 million on stock-based compensation.
the 2020 effective tax rate differed from the u.s. federal statutory tax rate primarily due to the jurisdictional mix of earnings, a $13 million provision related to the gilti tax and a tax benefit of $7 million on stock-based compensation.
liquidity and capital resources condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                       2021                        2020
net income                                                                  $707,755                           $692,843                    $521,571
depreciation and amortization                                                       130,423                     131,680                     125,361
stock-based compensation                                                             42,564                      29,918                      36,865
deferred income taxes                                                               (31,988   )                  16,633                      (2,693   )
asset impairments                                                                         -                           -                       6,945
observable unrealized gain on investment                                                  -                      (9,707   )                       -
acquired in-process research and development and other non-cash items                10,003                           -                           -
change in accounts receivable                                                      (137,874   )                 (62,448   )                  37,467
change in inventories                                                              (101,902   )                 (67,250   )                  18,940
change in accounts payable and other current liabilities                             60,984                      46,110                     140,598
change in deferred revenue and customer advances                                     12,862                      37,845                      11,073
other changes                                                                       (81,166   )                 (68,350   )                (105,620   )
net cash provided by operating activities                                           611,661                     747,274                     790,507
net cash used in investing activities                                              (107,967   )                (231,630   )                (264,094   )
net cash used in financing activities                                              (509,633   )                (438,275   )                (440,502   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                        (14,766   )                 (12,830   )                  15,069
(decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                            $(20,705          )                 $64,539                    $100,980
cash flow from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $612 million, $747 million and $791 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the decrease in 2022 operating cash flow was primarily a result of higher inventory levels, slower cash collections and higher incentive compensation payments in 2022 compared to 2021. the changes within net cash provided by operating activities include the following significant changes in the sources and uses of net cash provided by operating activities, aside from the changes in net income:
   the changes in accounts receivable were primarily attributable to timing of payments made by customers and timing of sales. days sales outstanding was 77 days at december 31, 2022, 66 days at december 31, 2021 and 70 days at december 31, 2020.

38
   the increase in inventory can primarily be attributed to higher material costs as well as an increase in safety stock levels to help mitigate any future supply chain issues.

   the changes in accounts payable and other current liabilities were a result of the timing of payments to vendors, as well as the annual payment of management incentive compensation. in addition, the changes in 2022, 2021 and 2020 each included $38 million of income tax payments made in the u.s. relating to the company's estimated 2017 tax reform liability. in 2021, the change was impacted by the normalization of covid-19 cost actions, as well as higher variable incentive compensation costs as compared to 2020.

   under the 2017 tax act, the company is required to make a u.s. federal tax payment of approximately $72 million in 2023 to tax authorities in connection with the company's estimated remaining transition tax liabilities of $289 million. the remainder of the transition tax liability is required to be paid in annual installments of $96 million and $121 million in 2024 and 2025, respectively.

   net cash provided from deferred revenue and customer advances results from annual increases in new service contracts as a higher installed base of customers renew annual service contracts.

   other changes were attributable to variation in the timing of various provisions, expenditures, prepaid income taxes and accruals in other current assets, other assets and other liabilities.

cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $108 million, $232 million and $264 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. additions to fixed assets and capitalized software were $176 million, $161 million and $172 million in december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the cash flows from investing activities in 2022, 2021 and 2020 include $32 million, $49 million and $70 million, respectively, of capital expenditures related to the major expansion of the company's precision chemistry consumable operations in the united states. the company has incurred costs of $232 million on this facility through the end of 2022 and anticipates spending approximately $20 million to complete this new state-of-the-art facility in 2023.
during 2022, 2021 and 2020, the company purchased $11 million, $280 million and $26 million of investments, respectively, while $78 million, $218 million and $21 million of investments matured, respectively, and were used for financing activities described below.
in 2022, the company paid $5 million for the cdms technology and intellectual property right asset from megadalton, and the company is required to make an additional $4 million of guaranteed payments at various dates in the future through 2029. the total purchase price of approximately $10 million was accounted for as acquired in-process research and development and expensed as part of costs and operating expenses in the statement of operations in 2022.
in january 2020, the company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire andrew alliance, an innovator in specialty laboratory automation technology, including software and robotics for approximately $80 million in cash. the company had an equity investment in andrew alliance that was valued at $4 million and included as part of the total consideration. this acquisition did not have a material effect on the company's sales and expenses in 2020.
in december 2020, the company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire iss, a provider of clinical laboratory software systems, for $4 million in cash. this acquisition did not have a material effect on the company's sales and expenses in 2020.
there were no business acquisitions in 2022 and 2021.
39
in 2022, the company received $10 million in proceeds and made $1 million of investments in certain equity investments. in 2021 and 2020, the company made $2 million and $6 million, respectively, of investments in certain equity investments.
on february 14, 2023, the company entered into an agreement to acquire all issued and outstanding equity interests of wyatt technology for $1.4 billion in cash at closing, subject to customary adjustments. wyatt technology is a pioneer in innovative light scattering and field-flow fractionation instruments, software, accessories and services. the company will finance this acquisition through cash on its balance sheet and existing borrowing capacity that is available on its revolving credit facility. the agreement contains certain customary termination rights, including the right of the sellers to terminate this transaction if it has not been completed by june 14, 2023, subject to automatic extension to august 14, 2023 if certain regulatory approvals are not obtained by such date. if this were to occur, the company would be required to pay the sellers a one-time fee in the amount of $15 million if the agreement is validly terminated and not consummated in accordance with the closing conditions set forth in the agreement. this transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.
cash used in financing activities the company entered into a credit agreement in september 2021 governing the company's five-year, $1.8 billion revolving facility that matures in september 2026. as of december 31, 2022, the company had a total of $1.6 billion in outstanding debt, which consisted of $1.3 billion in outstanding senior unsecured notes and $270 million borrowed under its credit agreement. the company's net debt borrowings increased by $60 million and $160 million during the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively, while it decreased by $325 million during the year ended 2020.
as of december 31, 2022, the company has entered into three-year interest rate cross-currency swap derivative agreements with a notional value $585 million to hedge the variability in the movement of foreign currency exchange rates on a portion of its euro-denominated and yen-denominated net asset investments. as a result of entering into these agreements, the company lowered net interest expense by approximately $9 million, $11 million and $15 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the company anticipates that these swap agreements will lower net interest expense by approximately $10 million in 2023.
in january 2019, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase up to $4 billion of its outstanding common stock over a two-year period. this new program replaced the remaining amounts available from the pre-existing program. in december 2020, the company's board of directors authorized the extension of the share repurchase program through january 21, 2023. in december 2022, the company's board of directors amended and extended this repurchase program's term by one year such that it shall now expire on january 21, 2024 and increases the total authorization level to $4.8 billion, an increase of $750 million. during 2022, 2021 and 2020, the company repurchased $616 million, $640 million and $167 million, respectively, of the company's outstanding common stock under authorized share repurchase programs. in addition, the company repurchased $11 million, $9 million and $9 million of common stock related to the vesting of restricted stock units during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the company received $43 million, $56 million and $66 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and the purchase of shares pursuant to the company's employee stock purchase plan during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the company had cash, cash equivalents and investments of $481 million as of december 31, 2022. the majority of the company's cash and cash equivalents are generated from foreign operations, with $472 million held by foreign subsidiaries at december 31, 2022, of which $336 million was held in currencies other than u.s. dollars.
40
as of december 31, 2022, the company's material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations:
long-term debt. as of december 31, 2022, the company had $1.6 billion of cash requirements for the principal on long-term debt that will mature and be paid as follows: $50 million in 2023; $100 million in 2024; $730 million in 2026; $300 million in 2029 and $400 million in 2031.
interest on senior unsecured notes. as of december 31, 2022, the company had $240 million of cash requirements for the interest on senior unsecured notes that is to be paid as follows: $37 million in 2023; $35 million in 2024; $33 million in 2025; $27 million in 2026; $20 million in both 2027 and 2028; $17 million in 2029; $9 million in 2030; and $2 million in 2031. see also note 9 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for financial information about interest payable.
2017 tax act liabilities. as a result of the 2017 tax act, the company incurred a transition toll tax, that would be paid over an eight-year period, starting in 2018, and will not accrue interest. as of december 31, 2022, the company had a remaining cash requirement of $289 million of which $72 million, $96 million and $121 million will be paid in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. see also note 10 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for financial information about tax liabilities.
operating leases. the company's cash requirements for future lease payments were approximately $95 million as of december 31, 2022. see also note 12 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for financial information about lease liabilities.
long-term software contract commitments. for contracts the company is committed to that are not cancelable without penalties. the company's contractual obligation with these vendors was approximately $25 million as of december 31, 2022.
management believes, as of the date of this report, that the company's financial position, along with expected future cash flows from earnings based on historical trends and the ability to raise funds from external sources and the borrowing capacity from existing, committed credit facilities, will be sufficient to service debt and fund working capital and capital spending requirements, authorized share repurchase amounts and potential acquisitions for at least the next twelve months.
critical accounting policies and estimates summary the preparation of consolidated financial statements requires the company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. critical accounting policies are those that are central to the presentation of the company's financial condition and results of operations that require management to make estimates about matters that are highly uncertain and that would have a material impact on the company's results of operations given changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period or use of different estimates that reasonably could have been used in the current period. on an ongoing basis, the company evaluates its policies and estimates. the company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual amounts may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. there are other items within the company's consolidated financial statements that require estimation, but are not deemed critical as defined above. changes in estimates used in these and other items could potentially have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
41
revenue recognition the company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. the company generally enters into contracts that include a combination of products and services. revenue is allocated to distinct performance obligations and is recognized net of allowances for returns and discounts.
the company recognizes revenue on product sales at the time control of the product transfers to the customer. in substantially all of the company's arrangements, title of the product transfers at shipping point and, as a result, the company determined control transfers at the point of shipment. in more limited cases, there are destination-based shipping terms and, thus, control is deemed to transfer when the products arrive at the customer site.
generally, the company's contracts for products include a performance obligation related to installation. the company has determined that the installation represents a distinct performance obligation and revenue is recognized separately upon the completion of installation. the company determines the amount of the transaction price to allocate to the installation service based on the standalone selling price of the product and the service, which requires judgment. the company determines the relative standalone selling price of installation based upon a number of factors, including hourly service billing rates and estimated installation hours. in developing these estimates, the company considers past history, competition, billing rates of current services and other factors.
the company has sales from standalone software, which are included in product revenue. these arrangements typically include software licenses and maintenance contracts, both of which the company has determined are distinct performance obligations. the company determines the amount of the transaction price to allocate to the license and maintenance contract based on the relative standalone selling price of each performance obligation. software license revenue is recognized at the point in time when control has been transferred to the customer. the revenue allocated to the software maintenance contract is recognized on a straight-line basis over the maintenance period, which is the contractual term of the contract, as a time-based measure of progress best reflects the company's performance in satisfying this obligation. unspecified rights to software upgrades are typically sold as part of the maintenance contract on a when-and-if-available basis.
service revenue includes (i) service and software maintenance contracts and (ii) service calls (time and materials). instrument service contracts and software maintenance contracts are typically annual contracts, which are billed at the beginning of the contract or maintenance period. the amount of the service and software maintenance contract is recognized on a straight-line basis to revenue over the maintenance service period, which is the contractual term of the contract, as a time-based measure of progress best reflects the company's performance in satisfying this obligation. there are no deferred costs associated with the service contract, as the cost of the service is recorded when the service is performed. service calls are recognized to revenue at the time a service is performed.
the company's deferred revenue liabilities at december 31, 2022 of $285 million on the consolidated balance sheets consist of instrument service contract obligations and customer payments received in advance, prior to transfer of control of the instrument. the company records deferred revenue primarily related to its service contracts, where consideration is billable at the beginning of the service period.
loss provision on inventory the company values all of its inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first-in, first-out basis ("fifo"). the company estimates revisions to its inventory valuations based on technical obsolescence, historical demand, projections of future demand, including that in the company's current backlog of orders, and industry and market conditions. if actual future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional write-downs may be required. the company's inventory balance at december 31, 2022 was recorded at its net realizable value of $456 million, which is net of write-downs of $36 million.
42
long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill the company assesses goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors the company considers important which could trigger impairment include significant decline in the company's projected revenue, earnings or cash flows, significant adverse change in legal factors or business climate including patent matters, significant decline in the company's stock price or the stock price of comparable companies, adverse action or assessment by a regulator and unanticipated competition. goodwill totaled $430 million as of december 31, 2022. when the company determines that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators, an estimate of the fair value of the reporting unit (calculated using a discounted cash flow method) is compared to its carrying value to determine whether impairment exists. in the event that such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the asset, the asset is written-down to its estimated fair value. estimates of discounted future cash flows require assumptions related to revenue growth, discount rates and other factors. the company currently does not expect to record an impairment charge in the foreseeable future as the estimated fair values of the reporting units significantly exceeds the carrying value of the reporting units; however, there can be no assurance that, at the time future reviews are completed, a material impairment charge will not be recorded.
net intangible assets and long-lived assets amounted to $227 million and $582 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2022. the company reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when indication of potential impairment exists, such as a significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, significant negative industry or economic trends or significant changes or developments in strategic technological collaborations or legal matters. when the company determines that the carrying value of an individual intangible asset or long-lived asset may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators, an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows produced by that intangible asset or long-lived asset, including its eventual residual value, is compared to the carrying value to determine whether impairment exists. estimates of future cash flows require assumptions related to revenue growth and other factors. in the event that such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the asset, the asset is written-down to its estimated fair value.
income taxes as part of the process of preparing the consolidated financial statements, the company is required to estimate its income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates. this process involves the company estimating its income taxes, taking into account the amount, timing and character of taxable income, tax deductions and credits and assessing changes in tax laws, regulations, agreements and treaties. differing treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes, such as depreciation, amortization and inventory reserves, result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within the consolidated balance sheets. in the event that actual results differ from these estimates, or the company adjusts these estimates in future periods, such changes could materially impact the company's financial position and results of operations.
the company continually evaluates the necessity of establishing or changing a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets depending on whether it is more likely than not that the actual benefit of those assets will be realized in future periods.
uncertain tax positions the company accounts for its uncertain tax return positions in accordance with the accounting standards for income taxes, which require financial statement reporting of the expected future tax consequences of uncertain tax positions on the presumption that all concerned tax authorities possess full knowledge of those tax positions, as well as all of the pertinent facts and circumstances, but prohibit any discounting of unrecognized tax benefits associated with those positions for the time value of money. the company classified interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the provision for income taxes. at december 31, 2022, the company had unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, of $29 million.
43
the company has a new development and expansion incentive in singapore that provides a concessionary income tax rate of 5% on certain types of income for the period april 1, 2021 through march 31, 2026. this new incentive has similar requirements for business spending targets, attaining and sustaining employment targets and performance of certain research and manufacturing activities as previous agreements. prior to april 1, 2021, the company had a tax exemption on income arising from qualifying activities in singapore, based upon the achievement of certain contractual milestones, which the company met as of december 31, 2020 and maintained through march 2021. these milestones include the following types of objectives: reaching and maintaining annual revenue and business spending targets; meeting capital expenditures targets; attaining and sustaining employment targets; and establishing a local research and development and service center. the company determined that it was more likely than not to realize the tax exemption in singapore and, accordingly, did not recognize any reserves for unrecognized tax benefits on its balance sheet related to this exemption. in the event that any of the milestone targets were not met, the company would not be entitled to the tax exemption on income earned in singapore and all the tax benefits previously recognized would be reversed, resulting in the recognition of income tax expense equal to the statutory tax of 17% on income earned during that period.
litigation as described in part i, item 3, legal proceedings, of this annual report, the company is a party to various pending litigation matters. with respect to each pending claim, management determines whether it can reasonably estimate whether a loss is probable and, if so, the probable range of that loss. if and when management has determined, with respect to a particular claim, both that a loss is probable and that it can reasonably estimate the range of that loss, the company records a charge equal to either its best estimate of that loss or the lowest amount in that probable range of loss. the company will disclose additional exposures when the range of loss is subject to considerable uncertainty.
business combinations and asset acquisitions as of the acquisition date the results of the acquiree are included in the company's consolidated results and the purchase price is allocated to tangible and intangible assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values. any excess of the fair value consideration transferred over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. acquired in-process research and development ("ipr&d") included in a business combination is capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. development costs incurred after the acquisition are expensed as incurred and acquired ipr&d is tested for impairment annually until completion of the acquired programs. upon commercialization, this indefinite-lived intangible asset is then accounted for as a finite-lived intangible asset and amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life, subject to periodic impairment reviews. if the research and development project is abandoned, the indefinite-lived asset is charged to expense. legal costs, due diligence costs, business valuation costs and all other business acquisition costs are expensed when incurred.
the company also acquires intellectual property through licensing arrangements. these arrangements often require upfront payments and may include additional milestone or royalty payments, contingent upon certain future events. ipr&d acquired in an asset acquisition (as opposed to a business combination) is expensed immediately unless there is an alternative future use. subsequent payments made for the achievement of milestones are evaluated to determine whether they have an alternative future use or should be expensed. payments made to third parties subsequent to commercialization are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life of the related asset, and are classified as intangible assets.
recent accounting standard changes and developments information regarding recent accounting standard changes and developments is incorporated by reference from part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this document and should be considered an integral part of this item 7. see note 2 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted and issued accounting standards.
44
