item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below, as well as the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, regarding matters that could have an adverse effect, including a material one, on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
risks related to our business the covid-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition and operating results.
since the outbreak of covid-19, visitation to macau has fallen significantly, driven by the strong deterrent effect of the covid-19 pandemic on travel and social activities, quarantine measures put in place in macau and elsewhere. although these containment measures and restrictions had generally been lifted in the u.s. by early 2022, they remained in place in macau, the prc, hong kong and taiwan for most of 2022. over the course of december 2022 and january 2023, macau authorities relaxed or eliminated most covid-19 related protective measures, and as of february 27, 2023, there are no remaining entry restrictions or mandatory quarantine requirements in place for travelers to macau, and testing requirements for inbound travelers from the prc, hong kong, and taiwan have been discontinued. nevertheless, regional demand for casino resorts may remain weak for a significant length of time and inbound tourism to macau may be slow to recover. as a result, we cannot predict when, or even if, operations at our properties in macau will return to pre-pandemic levels.
given ongoing uncertainty around the likelihood, extent, and timing of a potential reimposition of restrictions on the general public, travel or certain activities and their effect on our macau operations in the future, we are unable to reasonably estimate the impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. to the extent the reimposition of these conditions and/or a slow pace of recovery at our macau operations adversely affects our business, operations, financial condition and operating results, such factors also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks related to our business, including those relating to our ability to raise capital, our high level of indebtedness, our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness, and our ability to comply with the covenants or other restrictions contained in the agreements that govern our indebtedness.
we are subject to extensive state and local regulation, and licensing and gaming authorities have significant control over our operations. the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations and authorities could have a negative effect on our business, and if we fail to obtain regulatory approvals to operate in new jurisdictions, our growth prospects may be limited.
the operations of our resorts and digital sports betting and casino offerings are contingent upon our obtaining and maintaining all necessary licenses, permits, approvals, registrations, findings of suitability, orders and authorizations in the jurisdictions in which our resorts are located. the laws, regulations and ordinances requiring these licenses, permits and other approvals generally relate to the responsibility, financial stability and character of the owners and managers of gaming operations, as well as persons financially interested or involved in gaming operations. the ngc may require the holder of any debt or securities that we, the registered intermediary subsidiaries, or wynn las vegas, llc issue to file applications, be investigated and be found suitable to own such debt or securities if it has reason to believe that the security ownership would be inconsistent with the declared policies of the state of nevada.
the company's articles of incorporation provide that, to the extent required by the gaming authority making the determination of unsuitability or to the extent the board of directors determines, in its sole discretion, that a person is likely to jeopardize the company's or any affiliate's application for, receipt of, approval for, right to the use of, or entitlement to, any gaming license, shares of wynn resorts' capital stock that are owned or controlled by such unsuitable person or its affiliates are subject to redemption by wynn resorts. the redemption price may be paid in cash, by promissory note, or both, as required, and pursuant to the terms established by the applicable gaming authority and, if not, as wynn resorts elects.
united states gaming regulatory authorities have broad powers to request detailed financial and other information, to limit, condition, suspend or revoke a registration, gaming license or related approvals; approve changes in our operations; and levy fines or require forfeiture of assets for violations of gaming laws or regulations. complying with gaming laws, regulations and license requirements is costly. any change in gaming laws, regulations or licenses applicable to our business or a violation of any current or future laws or regulations applicable to our business or gaming licenses could require us to make substantial expenditures and forfeit assets, and would negatively affect our gaming operations.
18
failure to adhere to the regulatory and gaming requirements in macau could result in the revocation of our macau operations' concession or otherwise negatively affect our operations in macau. moreover, we are subject to the risk that u.s. regulators may not permit us to conduct operations in macau in a manner consistent with the way in which we intend, or the applicable u.s. gaming authorities require us, to conduct our operations in the united states.
each of these regulatory authorities has extensive power to license and oversee the operations of our casino resorts and digital offerings and has taken and could in the future take action against the company and its related licensees, including actions that have and could further affect the ability or terms upon which our subsidiaries hold their gaming licenses and concessions, and the suitability of the company to continue as a stockholder of those affiliates.
furthermore, our ability to grow our digital sports betting and casino business will depend on our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to offer our product offerings in a large number of jurisdictions or in heavily populated jurisdictions. if we fail to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals in large jurisdictions or in a greater number of mid-market jurisdictions, this may prevent us from expanding the footprint of our product offerings, increasing our customer base and/or generating revenues. we cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain and maintain the regulatory approvals necessary to conduct our online sports betting and online casino operations. any failure to obtain and maintain such regulatory approvals could have a material adverse effect on wynn interactive's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
certain states' sports betting laws limit online sports betting to a finite number of retail operators, such as casinos, tribes or tracks. as a result, if we do not have a physical or retail operation in those states, which is most of the states in which we currently offer sports betting and our online casino, we will be, dependent on a strategic relationships with retail operators to obtain and/or maintain the requisite legal authorization from the respective state. we will be dependent on strategic relationships in order to be able to offer our products in such states. if we cannot establish, renew or manage these relationships, including on terms acceptable to us, we would not be allowed to operate in those jurisdictions. failure to obtain and maintain such regulatory approvals could have a material adverse effect on wynn interactive's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
investigations, litigation and other disputes could distract management, damage our reputation, and result in negative publicity and additional scrutiny from regulators.
as discussed in item 3-"legal proceedings" and item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 17, "commitments and contingencies," the company is subject to various investigations, litigation and other disputes related to our operations. these and any additional such matters that may arise in the future, even if routine, are expensive and divert management's attention from the operations of our businesses. in addition, improper conduct by our employees, agents or gaming promoters could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. in certain circumstances, it may not be economical to defend against such matters and/or our legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. investigations, litigation and other disputes have in the past, and may in the future, lead to additional scrutiny from regulators, which could lead to investigations relating to, and possibly a negative impact on, the company's gaming licenses and the company's ability to bid successfully for new gaming market opportunities. in addition, publicity from these matters have, or in the future, could negatively impact our business, reputation and competitive position and reduce investor demand for shares of wynn resorts and wml and negatively impact the trading prices of those respective shares.
we depend on the continued services of key managers and employees. if we do not retain our key personnel or attract and retain other highly skilled employees, our business will suffer.
our ability to maintain our competitive position is dependent to a large degree on the services of our senior management team. our success depends upon our ability to attract, hire, and retain qualified operating, marketing, financial, and technical personnel in the future. given the intense competition for qualified management personnel in our industry, we may not be able to hire or retain the required personnel. the loss of key management and operating personnel would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations.
our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending, and deterioration or a protracted extension of the current negative macroeconomic environment, including an economic downturn or recession, or geopolitical tensions could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our financial results have been, and are expected to continue to be, affected by the global and regional economies in which we have operations. consumer demand for hotels, casino resorts, trade shows, conventions and the type of luxury amenities that we offer is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economies in which we operate, which could harm consumer confidence in the economy and adversely affect discretionary spending. because a significant number of our customers come from the prc, hong kong and taiwan, the economic condition of macau and its surrounding region, in
19
particular, affects the gaming industry in macau and our macau operations. as a result, changes in discretionary spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual negative general economic conditions, perceived or actual changes in disposable consumer income and wealth, inflationary pressures, economic recession, changes in consumer confidence, including fears of war and acts of terrorism could reduce customer demand for the luxury amenities and leisure activities we offer and may negatively impact our results of operations.
current macroeconomic conditions, including historic levels of inflation and relatively low levels of unemployment, have led to rising interest rates, disruption and volatility within the capital markets, and fiscal and monetary policy uncertainty. as a result, our gaming revenues, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by a deterioration of the current macroeconomic environment, an economic slowdown or recession in the u.s. or global economy, or perception that any of these events may occur.
demand for our products and services may be negatively impacted by geopolitical tensions, economic disruptions, visa and travel restrictions or difficulties, restrictions on international money transfers and other policies or campaigns implemented by regional governments.
geopolitical tensions, notably with respect to international trade, including increases in tariffs and company and industry specific restrictions, in addition to changes in national security policies and other similar and geopolitical events, could cause economic disruption and adversely impact our business and results of operations. various types of restrictions and sanctions have been placed by government agencies on targeted industries and companies which could potentially negatively impact the intended subject as well as other companies and persons sharing a common country of operations. these types of events have also caused significant volatility in global equity and debt capital markets which could trigger a severe contraction of liquidity in the global credit markets.
in addition, policies adopted from time to time by governments, including any visa and travel restrictions or difficulties faced by our customers such as restrictions on exit visas for travelers requiring them or restrictions on visitor entry visas for the jurisdictions in which we operate, have and may in the future decrease the number of visitors to our properties from those affected places, including from the prc, hong kong and taiwan. it is not known when, or if, policies restricting visitation by prc citizens will be put in place and such policies may be adjusted, without notice, in the future. furthermore, anti-corruption campaigns may influence the behavior of certain of our customers and their spending patterns. such campaigns, as well as monetary outflow policies, have specifically led to tighter monetary transfer regulations in a number of areas. these policies may affect and impact the number of visitors to our properties and the amount of money they are willing to spend. the overall effect of these campaigns and monetary transfer restrictions may negatively affect our revenues, results of operations and cash flows.
our business is particularly sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel to and spend time at our resorts. acts or the threat of acts of terrorism, outbreak of infectious disease, regional political events and developments in certain countries could cause severe disruptions in air and other travel and may otherwise negatively impact tourists' willingness to visit our resorts. such events or developments could reduce the number of visitors to our facilities, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel. most of our revenue is from customers who travel to our properties. acts of terrorism or concerns over the possibility of such acts have and may again severely disrupt domestic and international travel, which has and could in the future result in a decrease in customer visits to our properties. regional conflicts could have a similar effect on domestic and international travel. disruptions in air or other forms of travel as a result of any terrorist act, outbreak of hostilities, escalation of war or worldwide infectious disease outbreak have and could in the future have a material and adverse effect on our business and financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, governmental action and uncertainty resulting from global political trends and policies of major global economies, including potential barriers to travel, trade and immigration have reduced demand for hospitality products and services, including visitation to our resorts.
furthermore, the attack in las vegas on october 1, 2017 underscores the possibility that large public facilities could become the target of mass shootings or other attacks in the future. the future occurrence or the possibility of attacks may cause all or portions of affected properties to be shut down for prolonged periods, resulting in a loss of revenue, reduce travel to affected areas for tourism and business or adversely affect the willingness of customers to stay in or avail themselves of the services of the affected properties. in addition, such occurrences expose us to a risk of monetary claims arising from death, injury or damage to property caused by any such attack and may result in higher costs for security and insurance premiums, all of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
20
our continued success depends on our ability to maintain the reputation of our resorts.
our strategy and integrated resort business model rely on positive perceptions of our resorts and the level of service we provide. any deterioration in our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. our reputation could be negatively impacted by our failure to deliver the superior design and customer service for which we are known or by events that are beyond our control. our reputation may also suffer as a result of negative publicity regarding the company or our resorts, including as a result of social media reports, regardless of the accuracy of such publicity. the continued expansion of media and social media formats has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity and has made it more difficult to control and effectively manage negative publicity.
we are entirely dependent on a limited number of resorts for all of our cash flow, which subjects us to greater risks than a gaming company with more operating properties.
we are currently entirely dependent upon our macau operations, las vegas operations and encore boston harbor for all of our operating cash flow. as a result, we are subject to a greater degree of risk than a gaming company with more operating properties or greater geographic diversification. the risks to which we have a greater degree of exposure include changes in local economic and competitive conditions; changes in local and state governmental laws and regulations, including gaming laws and regulations, and the way in which those laws and regulations are applied; natural and other disasters, including the potential effects of climate change such as severe storms, hurricanes, typhoons, rising sea levels, severe drought, or the outbreak of infectious diseases such as covid-19; an increase in the cost of maintaining our properties; a decline in the number of visitors to las vegas, macau or boston; and a decrease in gaming and non-casino activities at our resorts. any of these factors could negatively affect our results of operations and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to make payments or maintain our covenants with respect to our debt.
we are a parent company and our primary source of cash is and will be distributions from our subsidiaries.
we are a parent company with limited business operations of our own. our main asset is the capital stock of our subsidiaries. we conduct most of our business operations through our direct and indirect subsidiaries. accordingly, our primary sources of cash are dividends and distributions with respect to our ownership interests in our subsidiaries that are derived from the earnings and cash flow generated by our operating properties. our subsidiaries might not generate sufficient earnings and cash flow to pay dividends or distributions in the future. for example, wml's board of directors concluded not to recommend the payment of a dividend with respect to the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 due to the financial impact of the covid-19 pandemic. if our macau operations' gaming business is slow to recover to pre-pandemic levels following the recent discontinuation of travel-related restrictions and conditions which materially impacted visitation to macau, it may continue to have an adverse effect on our subsidiaries' results of operations and their ability to pay dividends or distributions to us in the future.
our subsidiaries' payments to us will be contingent upon their earnings and upon other business considerations, and may be impacted by potential changes in laws and regulations. in addition, our subsidiaries' debt instruments and other agreements limit or prohibit certain payments of dividends or other distributions to us. we expect that future debt instruments for the financing of our other developments will contain similar restrictions. an inability of our subsidiaries to pay us dividends and distributions would have a significant negative effect on our liquidity.
our casino, hotel, convention and other facilities and offerings face intense competition, which may increase in the future.
general. the casino/hotel industry is highly competitive. increased competition could result in a loss of customers which may negatively affect our cash flows and results of operations.
macau operations. we hold one of six gaming concessions authorized by the macau government for the operation of casinos in macau. if the macau government were to allow additional competitors to operate in macau, we would face additional competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. several of the current concessionaires have opened facilities in the cotai area over the past few years, which has significantly increased gaming and non-gaming offerings in macau, with continued development expected in the near future.
our macau operations face competition from casinos throughout the world, including singapore, south korea, the philippines, malaysia, vietnam, cambodia, australia, las vegas, cruise ships in asia that offer gaming and other casinos throughout asia. additionally, certain other asian countries and regions have legalized or in the future may legalize gaming, such as japan, taiwan and thailand, which could further increase competition for our macau operations.
las vegas operations and encore boston harbor. our las vegas operations compete with other las vegas strip hotels and with other hotel casinos in las vegas on the basis of overall atmosphere, range of amenities, level of service, price,
21
location, entertainment, theme and size, among other factors. there are currently several large-scale integrated resort projects either recently completed or under development in the vicinity of our las vegas operations, which may present increased competition in the future. wynn las vegas also competes with other casino/hotel facilities in other cities. the proliferation of gaming activities in other areas could significantly harm our business as well. in particular, the legalization or expansion of casino gaming in or near metropolitan areas from which we attract customers could have a negative effect on our business. in addition, new or renovated casinos in macau or elsewhere in asia could draw asian gaming customers away from wynn las vegas. encore boston harbor competes with other casinos in the northeastern united states. additional competition in the northeast region as a result of the upgrading or expansion of facilities by existing market participants, the entrance of new gaming participants into a market or legislative changes may harm our business. as competing properties and new markets are opened, our operating results may be negatively impacted.
wynn interactive. a number of established, well-financed companies producing online gaming and/or interactive entertainment products and services compete with our digital sports betting and casino offerings, and other well-capitalized companies may introduce competitive services. such competitors may spend more money and time on developing and testing products and services, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing or promotional policies or otherwise develop more commercially successful products or services than ours, which could negatively impact our business. our competitors may also develop products, features, or services that are similar to ours or that achieve greater market acceptance. such competitors may also undertake more far-reaching and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. furthermore, new competitors, whether licensed or not, may enter the online sports betting and online casino industries. there has also been considerable consolidation among competitors in the entertainment and gaming industries and such consolidation and future consolidation could result in the formation of larger competitors with increased financial resources and altered cost structures, which may enable them to offer more competitive products, gain a larger market share, acquire our key partners or third party providers, decrease cost per user acquisition, expand offerings and broaden their geographic scope of operations. if we are not able to maintain or improve our market share, or if our offerings are not accepted by the markets in which we operate, our digital sports betting and casino business could suffer.
our business relies on premium customers. we often extend credit, and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit players or credit play may decrease.
general. a significant portion of our table games revenue at our resorts is attributable to the play of a limited number of premium customers. the loss or a reduction in the play of the most significant of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. adverse global or regional economic conditions, as discussed above, could also reduce the frequency of visits by these customers and revenue we generate from them.
we conduct our gaming activities on a credit, as well as a cash, basis. the casino credit we extend is generally unsecured and due on demand. we will extend casino credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources, in the opinion of management, warrant such an extension. table games players typically are extended more credit than slot players, and high-value players typically are extended more credit than customers who tend to wager lower amounts. the collectability of receivables from customers could be negatively affected by future business or economic trends or by significant events in the countries in which these customers reside. in addition, premium gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-value gaming may have a positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter.
macau operations. although the law in macau permits casino operators to extend credit to gaming customers, our macau operations may not be able to collect all of its gaming receivables from its credit players. we expect that our macau operations will be able to enforce these obligations only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including macau. to the extent our gaming customers are visitors from other jurisdictions, we may not have access to a forum in which we will be able to collect all of our gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and we may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
currently, the gaming tax in macau is calculated as a percentage of gross gaming revenue, including the face value of credit instruments issued. the gross gaming revenues calculation in macau does not include deductions for uncollectible gaming debts. as a result, if we extend credit to our customers in macau and are unable to collect on the related receivables from them, we remain obligated to pay taxes on our winnings from these customers regardless of whether we collect on the credit instrument.
22
las vegas operations and encore boston harbor. while gaming debts evidenced by a credit instrument, including what is commonly referred to as a "marker," are enforceable under the current laws of nevada and massachusetts, and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states of the united states under the full faith and credit clause of the united states constitution, other jurisdictions may determine that direct or indirect enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the united states of foreign debtors may be used to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from u.s. courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations. we cannot assure that we will be able to collect the full amount of gaming debts owed to us, even in jurisdictions that enforce them. changes in economic conditions may make it more difficult to assess creditworthiness and more difficult to collect the full amount of any gaming debt owed to us. our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
win rates for our gaming operations depend on a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control.
the gaming industry is characterized by an element of chance. win rates are also affected by other factors, including players' skill and experience, the mix of games played, the financial resources of players, the spread of table limits, the volume of bets played, the amount of time played and undiscovered acts of fraud or cheating. in addition, premium gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter. our gross gaming revenues are mainly derived from the difference between our casino winnings and the casino winnings of our gaming customers. since there is an inherent element of chance in the gaming industry, we do not have full control over our winnings or the winnings of our gaming customers.
acts of fraud or cheating through the use of counterfeit chips, covert schemes and other tactics, possibly in collusion with our employees, may be attempted or committed by our gaming customers with the aim of increasing their winnings. our gaming customers, visitors and employees may also commit crimes such as theft in order to obtain chips not belonging to them. we have taken measures to safeguard our interests including the implementation of systems, processes and technologies to mitigate against these risks, extensive employee training, surveillance, security and investigation operations and adoption of appropriate security features on our chips such as embedded radio frequency identification tags. despite our efforts, we may not be successful in preventing or detecting such culpable behavior and schemes in a timely manner and the relevant insurance we have obtained may not be sufficient to cover our losses depending on the incident, which could result in losses to our gaming operations and generate negative publicity, both of which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and cash flows.
our new projects may not be successful. construction projects will be subject to development and construction risks, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
in addition to the construction and regulatory risks associated with our current and future construction projects, we cannot assure you that the level of consumer demand for our casino resorts or for the type of luxury amenities that we will offer will meet our expectations. the operating results of our new projects may be materially different than the operating results of our current integrated resorts due to, among other reasons, differences in consumer and corporate spending and preferences in new geographic areas, increased competition from other markets or other developments that may be beyond our control. in addition, our new projects may be more sensitive to certain risks, including risks associated with downturns in the economy, and risks associated with disruptions of the supply chains through which we obtain construction materials and furniture, fixtures, and equipment, than the resorts we currently operate. the demands imposed by new developments on our managerial, operational and other resources may impact our operation of our existing resorts. construction, equipment or staffing problems or difficulties in obtaining any of the requisite licenses, permits and authorizations from regulatory authorities could increase the total cost, delay or prevent the construction or opening or otherwise affect the design and features of our projects. if any of these issues were to occur, it could adversely affect our prospects, financial condition, or results of operations.
we could encounter higher than expected cost increases in the development of our projects.
the projected development costs for our projects reflect our best estimates and the actual development costs may be higher than expected. contingencies that have been set aside by us to cover potential cost overruns or potential delays may be insufficient to cover the full amount of such overruns or delays. if these contingencies are not sufficient to cover these costs, or if we are not able to recover damages for these delays and contingencies, we may not have the funds required to pay the excess costs and our projects may not be completed. failure to complete our projects may negatively affect our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to pay our debt.
23
any violation of applicable anti-money laundering laws, regulations or the foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa") or sanctions could adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.
we deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various jurisdictions' reporting and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. both u.s. and macau governmental authorities focus heavily on the gaming industry and compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations. from time to time, the company receives governmental and regulatory inquiries about compliance with such laws and regulations. the company cooperates with all such inquiries. any violation of anti-money laundering laws or regulations could adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.
further, we have operations, and a significant portion of our revenue is derived outside of the united states. we are therefore subject to regulations imposed by the fcpa and other anti-corruption laws that generally prohibit u.s. companies and their intermediaries from offering, promising, authorizing or making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. violations of the fcpa and other anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties, and the sec and u.s. department of justice have increased their enforcement activities with respect to such laws and regulations. the office of foreign assets control and the commerce department administer and enforce economic and trade sanctions based on u.s. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted foreign states, organizations, and individuals. failure to comply with these laws and regulations could increase our cost of operations, reduce our profits, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
internal control policies and procedures and employee training and compliance programs that we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in prohibiting our and our affiliates' directors, employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing our policies and the law. if we or our affiliates, or either of our respective directors, employees or agents fail to comply with applicable laws or company policies governing our operations, the company may face investigations, prosecutions and other legal proceedings and actions, which could result in civil penalties, administrative remedies and criminal sanctions. any such government investigations, prosecutions or other legal proceedings or actions could adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.
because we own real property, we are subject to extensive environmental regulation, which creates uncertainty regarding future environmental expenditures and liabilities.
we have incurred, and may in the future incur, costs to comply with environmental requirements, such as those relating to discharges into the air, water and land, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous waste and the cleanup of properties affected by hazardous substances. under these and other environmental requirements we have been and may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at our property. as an owner or operator, we could also be held responsible to a governmental entity or third parties for property damage, personal injury and investigation and cleanup costs incurred by them in connection with any contamination.
these laws typically impose cleanup responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. the liability under those laws has been interpreted to be joint and several unless the harm is divisible and there is a reasonable basis for allocation of the responsibility. the costs of investigation, remediation or removal of those substances may be substantial, and the presence of those substances, or the failure to remediate a property properly, may impair our ability to use our property. contamination has been identified at and in the vicinity of our site in everett, massachusetts. the ultimate cost of remediating contaminated sites is difficult to accurately predict, and we have exceeded our initial estimates of the remediation costs for the everett site. we may also be required to conduct additional investigations and remediation with respect to this site.
adverse incidents or adverse publicity concerning our resorts or our corporate responsibilities could harm our brand and reputation and negatively impact our financial results.
our reputation and the value of our brand, including the perception held by our customers, business partners, other key stakeholders and the communities in which we do business, are important assets. our business faces increasing scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance activities, and risk of damage to our reputation and the value of our brands if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, supply chain management, sustainability, workplace conduct, human rights, philanthropy, and support for local communities. any harm to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and cash flows.
24
compliance with evolving laws and regulations, and the interpretations thereof, is expensive and results in compliance risks.
evolving laws and regulations create uncertainty for gaming companies. these evolving laws and regulations are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their complexity, ambiguity and/or lack of guidance. as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. in addition, public companies, financial institutions, the gaming industry and casinos are highly regulated, and compliance with such regulations is costly and subjects us to liability if we are not, or are perceived to not be, compliant. this could result in continuing uncertainty and higher costs regarding compliance matters. due to our commitment to maintain high standards of compliance with laws and public disclosure, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in increased general and administrative expense.
we are subject to taxation by various governments and agencies. the rate of taxation could change.
we are subject to taxation by various governments and agencies in the jurisdictions in which we operate. changes in the laws and regulations related to taxation, including changes in the rates of taxation, the amount of taxes we owe and the time when income is subject to taxation, our ability to claim u.s. foreign tax credits, failure to renew our macau dividend agreement and macau income tax exemption on gaming profits and the imposition of foreign withholding taxes could change our overall effective rate of taxation.
system failure, information leakage and the cost of maintaining sufficient cybersecurity could adversely affect our business.
we rely on information technology and other systems (including those maintained by third parties with whom we contract to provide data services) to maintain and transmit large volumes of customer financial information, credit card settlements, credit card funds transmissions, mailing lists and reservations information and other personally identifiable information. we also maintain important internal company data such as personally identifiable information about our employees and information relating to our operations. the systems and processes we have implemented to protect customers, employees and company information are subject to the ever-changing risk of compromised security. these risks include cyber and physical security breaches, system failure, computer viruses, and negligent or intentional misuse by customers, company employees, or employees of third-party vendors. the steps we take to deter and mitigate these risks may not be successful and our insurance coverage for protecting against cybersecurity risks may not be sufficient. our third-party information system service providers face risks relating to cybersecurity similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security operations.
despite the security measures we currently have in place, our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, phishing attacks, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors and other events. cyber-attacks are becoming increasingly more difficult to anticipate and prevent due to their rapidly evolving nature and, as a result, the technology we use to protect our systems from being breached or compromised could become outdated due to advances in computer capabilities or other technological developments.
any perceived or actual electronic or physical security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally identifiable information, including penetration of our network security, whether by us or by a third party, could disrupt our business, damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers or employees, expose us to risks of litigation, significant fines and penalties and liability, result in the deterioration of our customers' and employees' confidence in us, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. since we do not control third-party service providers and cannot guarantee that no electronic or physical computer break-ins and security breaches will occur in the future, any perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information regarding our employees, customers or website visitors could harm our reputation and credibility and reduce our ability to attract and retain employees and customers. as these threats develop and grow, we may find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and our infrastructure, including the implementation of new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems, deployment of additional personnel and protection-related technologies, engagement of third-party consultants, and training of employees. the occurrence of any of the cyber incidents described above could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
the failure to protect the integrity and security of company employee and customer information could result in damage to reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data.
our business uses and transmits large volumes of employee and customer data, including credit card numbers and other personal information in various information systems that we maintain in areas such as human resources outsourcing, website hosting, and various forms of electronic communications. our customers and employees have a high expectation that we will
25
adequately protect their personal information. our collection and use of personal data are governed by privacy laws and regulations, and privacy law is an area that changes often and varies significantly by jurisdiction. for example, the european union (eu)'s general data protection regulation ("gdpr") requires companies to meet stringent requirements regarding the handling of personal data. the gdpr captures data processing by non-eu firms with no eu establishment as long as firms' processing relates to "offering goods or services" or the "monitoring" of individuals in the eu. in addition to governmental regulations, there are credit card industry standards or other applicable data security standards we must comply with as well. compliance with applicable privacy regulations may increase our operating costs and/or adversely impact our ability to market our products, properties and services to our guests. in addition, non-compliance with applicable privacy regulations by us (or in some circumstances non-compliance by third parties engaged by us) or a breach of security on systems storing our data may result in damage of reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data. for example, failure to meet the gdpr requirements could result in penalties of up to four percent of worldwide revenue. any misappropriation of confidential or personally identifiable information gathered, stored or used by us, be it intentional or accidental, could have a material impact on the operation of our business, including severely damaging our reputation and our relationships with our customers, employees and investors. laws in the united states in this area are also developing quickly. laws in all 50 states require businesses to provide notice to customers whose personally identifiable information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. some states, such as california, virginia and colorado, have adopted privacy laws. such adoption may indicate a trend for further legislation across all states.
our business could suffer if our computer systems and websites are disrupted or cease to operate effectively.
we are dependent on our computer systems to record and process transactions and manage and operate our business, including processing payments, accounting for and reporting financial results, and managing our employees and employee benefit programs. given the complexity of our business, it is imperative that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our computer hardware and software systems. despite our preventative efforts, our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among other things, security breaches, computer viruses, technical malfunctions, inadequate system capacity, power outages, natural disasters, and usage errors by our employees or third-party consultants. if our information technology systems become damaged or otherwise cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to repair or replace them. additionally, confidential or sensitive data related to our customers or employees could be lost or compromised. any material disruptions in our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
if a third party successfully challenges our ownership of, or right to use, the wynn-related trademarks and/or service marks, our business or results of operations could be harmed.
our intellectual property assets, especially the logo version of "wynn," are among our most valuable assets. we have filed applications with the u.s. patent and trademark office ("pto") and with various foreign patent and trademark registries including registries in macau, china, hong kong, singapore, taiwan, japan, certain european countries and various other jurisdictions throughout the world, to register a variety of wynn-related trademarks and service marks in connection with a variety of goods and services. some of the applications are based upon ongoing use and others are based upon a bona fide intent to use the marks in the future.
a common element of most of these marks is the use of the surname "wynn." as a general rule, a surname (or the portion of a mark primarily constituting a surname) is not eligible for registration unless the surname has acquired "secondary meaning." to date, we have been successful in demonstrating to the pto such secondary meaning for the wynn marks, in certain of the applications, based upon factors including the company's long-term use, advertising and promotional efforts related to the marks and the level of international fame achieved by the marks, but we cannot assure you that we will be successful with the other pending applications.
federal registrations are not completely dispositive of the right to such marks. third parties who claim prior rights with respect to similar marks may nonetheless challenge our right to obtain registrations or our use of the marks and seek to overcome the presumptions afforded by such registrations.
furthermore, due to the increased use of technology in computerized gaming machines and in business operations generally, other forms of intellectual property rights (such as patents and copyrights) are becoming of increased relevance. it is possible that, in the future, third parties might assert superior intellectual property rights or allege that their intellectual property rights cover some aspect of our operations. the defense of such allegations may result in substantial expenses, and, if such claims are successfully prosecuted, may have a material impact on our business. there has been an increase in the international operation of fraudulent online gambling and investment websites attempting to scam and defraud members of the public. websites offering these or similar activities and opportunities that use our names or similar names or images in likeness to ours, are doing so without our authorization and possibly unlawfully and with criminal intent. if our efforts to cause these sites to be
26
shut down through civil action and by reporting these sites to the appropriate authorities (where applicable) are unsuccessful or not timely completed, these unauthorized activities may continue and harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. efforts we take to acquire and protect our intellectual property rights against unauthorized use throughout the world may be costly and may not be successful in protecting and preserving the status and value of our intellectual property assets.
labor actions and other labor problems could negatively impact our operations.
some of our employees are represented by labor unions. from time to time, we have experienced attempts by labor organizations to organize certain of our non-union employees. these efforts have achieved some success to date. we cannot provide any assurance that we will not experience additional and successful organizing activity in the future. the impact of any future organizing activity or labor dispute or work stoppage with respect to those of our employees who are represented by labor unions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that we could suffer, including losses resulting from terrorism, and our insurance costs may increase.
we have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our properties with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary in their breadth and scope. however, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of our lost investment or could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, we could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for debt or other financial obligations related to the property.
market forces beyond our control may limit the scope of the insurance coverage we can obtain in the future or our ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain catastrophic losses may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. as a result, if we suffer such a catastrophic loss, we may not be successful in obtaining future insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. furthermore, our debt instruments and other material agreements require us to maintain a certain minimum level of insurance. failure to satisfy these requirements could result in an event of default under these debt instruments or material agreements, which would negatively affect our business and financial condition.
risks associated with our macau operations our macau operations may be affected by adverse political and economic conditions.
our macau operations are subject to significant political, economic and social risks inherent in doing business in an emerging market. the future success of our macau operations depends on political and economic conditions in macau and prc. for example, fiscal decline, international relations, and civil, domestic or international unrest in macau, china or the surrounding region could significantly harm our business, not only by reducing customer demand for casino resorts, but also by increasing the risk of imposition of taxes and exchange controls or other governmental restrictions, laws or regulations that might impede our macau operations or our ability to repatriate funds.
we compete for limited labor resources in macau and local policies may also affect our ability to employ imported labor.
the success of our operations in macau will be affected by our success in hiring and retaining employees. we compete with a large number of casino resorts in macau for a limited number of qualified employees. in addition, only macau residents are eligible for the majority of positions within the casino including dealers and other gaming staff. competition for these individuals in macau has increased and is expected to continue to increase as other competitors enter into the market or expand their operations. we seek employees from outside macau to adequately staff our resorts where permitted and certain local policies affect our ability to import labor in certain job classifications. we coordinate with the labor and immigration authorities to ensure our labor needs are satisfied, but cannot be certain that we will be able to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees for our macau operations or that we will be able to obtain required work permits for those employees. if we are unable to obtain, attract, retain and train skilled employees, our ability to adequately manage and staff our existing and planned casino and resort properties and operations in macau could be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the smoking control legislation in macau could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
under the macau smoking prevention and tobacco control law, as of january 1, 2019, smoking on casino premises is only permitted in authorized segregated smoking lounges with no gaming activities and such smoking lounges are required to comply with the conditions set out in the regulations. the existing smoking legislation, and any smoking legislation intended to
27
fully ban all smoking in casinos, may deter potential gaming customers who are smokers from frequenting casinos in macau, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
extreme weather conditions have had and may in the future have an adverse impact on our macau operations.
macau's subtropical climate and location on the south china sea are subject to extreme weather conditions including typhoons and heavy rainstorms, such as typhoon mangkhut in 2018 and typhoon hato in 2017. unfavorable weather conditions could negatively affect the profitability of our resorts and prevent or discourage guests from traveling to macau. flooding, unscheduled interruption in the technology or transportation services or interruption in the supply of public utilities may lead to a shutdown of any of our resorts in macau. the occurrence and timing of such events cannot be predicted or controlled by us and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
if our macau operations fail to comply with the gaming concession contract, or applicable macau laws, the macau government may rescind our concession without compensation to us, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
pursuant to the gaming concession contract and applicable macau laws, the macau government may rescind the gaming concession if wynn macau sa fails to fulfill its obligations under the macau law or the gaming concession contract, including in the circumstances of (i) endangerment to the national security of mainland china or macau, (ii) failure on the part of wynn macau sa to perform its obligations under the gaming concession contract, (iii) public interest, and (iv) wynn macau sa ceasing to be eligible for the gaming concession under the macau gaming law. if the macau government rescinds the gaming concession contract due to the wynn macau sa's non-fulfilment, or perceived non-fulfillment, of its obligations, wynn macau sa will be required to transfer to the macau government, free from any encumbrance or lien and without compensation, all of its casinos, gaming assets and equipment and ownership rights to its casino areas in macau. beginning in the eighth year of wynn macau sa's concession, the macau government may exercise its right to redeem the concession by providing wynn macau sa with at least one-year prior written notice. in such event, wynn macau sa would be entitled to fair and equitable compensation pursuant to the macau gaming law. the amount of such compensation relating to the projects agreed with the macau government would be determined based on the earnings of these projects, before interest, depreciation and amortization for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date the redemption is declared, multiplied by the number of years remaining on the term of the gaming concession contract. wynn macau sa is currently in its first year of concession. the loss of our concession would prohibit us from conducting gaming operations in macau, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
certain nevada gaming laws apply to our gaming activities and associations outside of nevada.
certain nevada gaming laws also apply to gaming activities and associations in jurisdictions outside of nevada. we and our subsidiaries that must be licensed to conduct gaming operations in nevada are required to comply with certain reporting requirements concerning gaming activities and associations conducted by our subsidiaries in other jurisdictions. we and our licensed nevada subsidiaries also will be subject to disciplinary action by the ngc if our subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions knowingly violate any laws relating to their gaming operations; fail to conduct operations in other jurisdictions in accordance with the standards of honesty and integrity required of nevada gaming operations; engage in any activity or enter into any association that is unsuitable for us because it poses an unreasonable threat to the control of gaming in nevada, reflects or tends to reflect discredit or disrepute upon nevada or gaming in nevada, or is contrary to nevada gaming policies; engage in any activity or enter into any association that interferes with the ability of nevada to collect gaming taxes and fees; or employ, contract with or associate with any person in the foreign gaming operation who has been denied a license or a finding of suitability in nevada on the ground of unsuitability, or who has been found guilty of cheating at gambling. such disciplinary action could include suspension, conditioning, limitation or revocation of the registration, licenses or approvals held by us and our licensed nevada subsidiaries, including wynn las vegas, llc, and the imposition of substantial fines.
in addition, if the ngcb determines that any actual or intended activities or associations of our subsidiaries operating in other states may be prohibited pursuant to one or more of the standards described above, the ngcb can require us and our licensed nevada subsidiaries to file an application with the ngc for a finding of suitability of the activity or association. if the ngc finds that the activity or association in the other jurisdictions unsuitable or prohibited, those subsidiaries will either be required to terminate the activity or association, or will be prohibited from undertaking the activity or association. consequently, should the ngc find that our subsidiaries' gaming activities or associations in other jurisdictions are unsuitable, those subsidiaries may be prohibited from undertaking their planned gaming activities or associations in the other jurisdiction or be required to divest their investment in the other jurisdiction, possibly on unfavorable terms.
28
the massachusetts gaming commission has broad authority to consider conduct outside of massachusetts for continued licensure in massachusetts.
the massachusetts gaming act requires a gaming licensee to affirmatively maintain its suitability to hold a gaming license in massachusetts. under the mgc's continuing duty regulations, we are required to report to notify and update the mgc of certain matters including but not limited to any denial, suspension or revocation in any jurisdiction of a gaming related license; any discipline, including a fine or warning, related to gaming operations imposed upon the gaming licensee or qualifier by any government agency in any jurisdiction; any arrest, indictment, charge or criminal conviction of any qualifier in any jurisdiction; any complaints, allegations, or notice of investigation thereof against the gaming licensee, qualifier, or any gaming entity owned or operated by the parent to the gaming licensee, that if substantiated could reasonably lead to potential revocation or suspension of the license or approval held by the gaming licensee, qualifier, or gaming entity owned or operated by the parent to the gaming licensee, in that jurisdiction and/or imposition of a fine of $50,000 or greater.
licensing or other disciplinary action against us outside of massachusetts, including by the government of macau may be considered by the mgc in assessment of our ongoing suitability to hold a license in massachusetts and may subject us to fines, license conditions, license suspension or revocation.
unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates may increase our macau operations' obligations under the concession agreement and cause fluctuations in the value of our investment in macau.
the currency delineated in our macau operations' concession agreement with the government of macau is the macau pataca. the macau pataca is linked to the hong kong dollar, and the two are often used interchangeably in macau. the hong kong dollar is linked to the u.s. dollar and the exchange rate between these two currencies has remained relatively stable over the past several years.
if the hong kong dollar and the macau pataca are no longer linked to the u.s. dollar, the exchange rate for these currencies may severely fluctuate. the current rate of exchange fixed by the applicable monetary authorities for these currencies may also change.
many of our macau operations' payment and expenditure obligations are in macau patacas. we expect that most of the revenues for any casino that we operate in macau will be in hong kong dollars. as a result, we are subject to foreign exchange risk with respect to the exchange rate between macau patacas and hong kong dollars and the hong kong dollar and the u.s. dollar. because certain debt obligations of our macau-related entities have incurred u.s. dollar-denominated debt, fluctuations in the exchange rates of the macau pataca or the hong kong dollar, in relation to the u.s. dollar, could have adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to service our debt.
currency exchange controls and currency export restrictions could negatively impact our macau operations.
currency exchange controls and restrictions on the export of currency by certain countries may negatively impact the success of our macau operations. for example, there are currently existing currency exchange controls and restrictions on the export of the renminbi, the currency of the prc. restrictions on the export of the renminbi may impede the flow of gaming customers from the prc to macau, inhibit the growth of gaming in macau and negatively impact our macau operations.
conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of wynn macau, limited.
wynn macau, limited, an indirect majority owned subsidiary of wynn resorts and the developer, owner and operator of wynn macau and wynn palace, listed its ordinary shares of common stock on the stock exchange of hong kong limited in october 2009. as of december 31, 2022, wynn resorts owns approximately 72% of wynn macau, limited's ordinary shares of common stock. as a result of wynn macau, limited having stockholders who are not affiliated with us, we and certain of our officers and directors who also serve as officers and/or directors of wynn macau, limited may have conflicting fiduciary obligations to our stockholders and to the minority stockholders of wynn macau, limited. decisions that could have different implications for wynn resorts and wynn macau, limited, including contractual arrangements that we have entered into or may in the future enter into with wynn macau, limited, may give rise to the appearance of a potential conflict of interest.
the macau government has established a maximum number of gaming tables that can be operated in macau and has limited the number of new gaming tables at new gaming areas in macau.
as of december 31, 2022, we had a total of 323 table games at wynn palace and 331 at wynn macau approved by the macau's dicj. we are approved by the macau government to operate 570 gaming tables and 1,100 gaming machines at our macau operations currently. the mix of table games in operation at wynn palace and wynn macau changes from time to time as a result of marketing and operating strategies in response to changing market demand and industry competition. failure to shift the mix of our table games in anticipation of market demands and industry trends may negatively impact our operating results.
29
risks related to share ownership and stockholder matters certain stockholders are able to exert significant influence over our operations and future direction.
as of december 31, 2022, elaine p. wynn owned approximately 8.41% of our outstanding common stock. as a result, elaine p. wynn may be able to exert influence over all matters requiring our stockholders' approval, including the approval of significant corporate transactions. on august 3, 2018, we entered into a cooperation agreement (the "cooperation agreement") with elaine p. wynn regarding the composition of the company's board of directors and certain other matters, including, among other things, the appointment of mr. philip g. satre to the company's board of directors, standstill restrictions, releases, non-disparagement and reimbursement of expenses. the term of the cooperation agreement expires on the date that phil satre no longer serves as chair of the board, unless earlier terminated pursuant to the circumstances described in the cooperation agreement.
our stock price may be volatile.
the trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. our stock price may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, such as general united states, china, and world economic and financial conditions, our own quarterly variations in operating results, increased competition, changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts, changes in applicable laws or regulations, changes affecting the travel industry, and other events impacting our business. the stock market in general, and prices for companies in our industry in particular, has experienced extreme volatility that may be unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. these broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.
risks related to our indebtedness we are highly leveraged and future cash flow may not be sufficient for us to meet our obligations, and we might have difficulty obtaining more financing.
we have a substantial amount of consolidated debt in relation to our equity. as of december 31, 2022, we had total outstanding debt of approximately $12.16 billion. we may incur additional indebtedness in connection with the construction of future development projects or major capital enhancement at our existing properties. see item 1-business "our resorts."
failure to meet our payment obligations or other obligations could result in acceleration of our indebtedness, foreclosure upon our assets that serve as collateral or bankruptcy and trigger cross defaults under other agreements. servicing our indebtedness requires a substantial portion of our cash flow from our operations and reduces the amount of available cash, if any, to fund working capital and other cash requirements or pay for other capital expenditures. we may not be able to obtain additional financing, if needed. the applicable rates with respect to a portion of the interest we pay will fluctuate with market rates and, accordingly, our interest expense will increase if market interest rates increase.
the interest rates of certain of our credit agreements are tied to the london interbank offered rate, or libor. on march 5, 2021, the united kingdom financial conduct authority announced that libor would cease as a benchmark rate by june 30, 2023. accordingly, we will need to renegotiate our credit agreements extending beyond june 30, 2023 that utilize libor as a factor in determining the interest rate to replace libor with a new reference rate, such as the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr").
we are permitted to incur additional indebtedness if certain conditions are met, including conditions under our wm cayman ii revolver, our wrf credit facilities, and our indentures. if we incur additional indebtedness, the risks described above will be exacerbated.
the agreements governing our debt facilities contain certain covenants that restrict our ability to engage in certain transactions and may impair our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions.
some of our debt facilities require us to satisfy various financial covenants, which include requirements for minimum interest coverage ratios and leverage ratios pertaining to total debt to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization and a minimum earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization. for more information on financial covenants we are subject to under our debt facilities, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 7, "long-term debt." future indebtedness or other contracts could contain covenants more restrictive than those contained in our existing debt facilities.
the agreements governing our debt facilities also contain restrictions on our ability to engage in certain transactions and may limit our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions. these restrictions include, among other things, limitations on our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions or repurchase equity; incur additional debt; make investments; create liens on assets to secure debt; enter into transactions with affiliates; issue stock
30
of, or member's interests in, subsidiaries; enter into sale-leaseback transactions; engage in other businesses; merge or consolidate with another company; undergo a change of control; transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of assets; issue disqualified stock; create dividend and other payment restrictions affecting subsidiaries; and designate restricted and unrestricted subsidiaries.
our ability to comply with the terms of our outstanding facilities may be affected by general economic conditions, industry conditions and other events outside of our control. as a result, we may not be able to maintain compliance with these covenants. if our properties' operations fail to generate adequate cash flow, we may violate those covenants, causing a default under our agreements, which would materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations or result in our lenders or holders of our debt taking action to enforce their security interests in our various assets or cause all outstanding amounts to be due and payable immediately.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
discussion of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021.
overview we are a designer, developer, and operator of integrated resorts featuring luxury hotel rooms, high-end retail space, an array of dining and entertainment options, meeting and convention facilities, and gaming, all supported by an unparalleled focus on our guests, our people, and our community. through our approximately 72% ownership of wynn macau, limited ("wml"), our concessionaire wynn resorts (macau) s.a. ("wynn macau sa") operates two integrated resorts in the macau special administrative region ("macau") of the people's republic of china ("prc"), wynn palace and wynn macau (collectively, our "macau operations"). in las vegas, nevada, we operate and, with the exception of certain retail space, own 100% of wynn las vegas. additionally, we are a 50.1% owner and managing member of a joint venture that owns and leases certain retail space at wynn las vegas (the "retail joint venture"). we refer to wynn las vegas, encore, an expansion at wynn las vegas, and the retail joint venture as our las vegas operations. in everett, massachusetts, we operate encore boston harbor, an integrated resort. we also hold an approximately 97% interest in, and consolidate, wynn interactive ltd. ("wynn interactive"), through which we operate wynnbet, our digital sports betting and casino gaming business.
on december 1, 2022, we closed on our sale-leaseback arrangement with respect to certain real estate assets related to encore boston harbor (the "ebh transaction"). upon closing of the related transactions, we received cash proceeds of approximately $1.70 billion in exchange for the sale of such real estate assets, and concurrently entered into a lease agreement for the purpose of continuing to operate the encore boston harbor integrated resort. the lease agreement provides for an initial annual minimum base rent of $100.0 million for an initial term of 30 years, subject to certain annual rent escalations and renewal provisions, and obligates the company to continue paying certain payments in lieu of property taxes. we expect to use the proceeds from the ebh transaction in accordance with the reinvestment and asset sale provisions of our senior secured credit facilities.
recent developments covid-19 update since the outbreak of covid-19, visitation to macau has fallen significantly, driven by the strong deterrent effect of the covid-19 pandemic on travel and social activities, quarantine measures put in place in macau and elsewhere, travel and entry restrictions and conditions in macau, the prc, hong kong and taiwan involving covid-19 testing and mandatory quarantine, among other things, periods of mandatory closure of certain businesses and facilities, including gaming operations, and the suspension or reduced accessibility of transportation to and from macau. over the course of december 2022 and january 2023, macau authorities relaxed or eliminated most covid-19 related protective measures, and as of february 27, 2023, there are no remaining entry restrictions or mandatory quarantine requirements in place for travelers to macau, and testing requirements for inbound travelers from the prc, hong kong, and taiwan have been discontinued. nevertheless, given the inherent uncertainty around the likelihood, extent, and timing of a potential reimposition of restrictions on the general public, travel, or certain activities, management is unable to reasonably predict whether such restrictions would impact our properties in the future, or the extent such restrictions, if reimposed, would impact our results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.
35
key operating measures certain key operating measures specific to the gaming industry are included in our discussion of our operational performance for the periods for which the consolidated statements of operations are presented. these key operating measures are presented as supplemental disclosures because management and/or certain investors use these measures to better understand period-over-period fluctuations in our casino and hotel operating revenues. these key operating measures are defined below:
table drop in mass market for our macau operations is the amount of cash that is deposited in a gaming table's drop box plus cash chips purchased at the casino cage.
table drop for our las vegas operations is the amount of cash and net markers issued that are deposited in a gaming table's drop box.
table drop for encore boston harbor is the amount of cash and gross markers issued that are deposited in a gaming table's drop box.
rolling chips are non-negotiable identifiable chips that are used to track turnover for purposes of calculating incentives within our macau operations' vip program.
turnover is the sum of all losing rolling chip wagers within our macau operations' vip program.
table games win is the amount of table drop or turnover that is retained and recorded as casino revenues. table games win is before discounts, commissions and the allocation of casino revenues to rooms, food and beverage and other revenues for services provided to casino customers on a complimentary basis. table games win does not include poker rake.
slot machine win is the amount of handle (representing the total amount wagered) that is retained by us and is recorded as casino revenues. slot machine win is after adjustment for progressive accruals and free play, but before discounts and the allocation of casino revenues to rooms, food and beverage and other revenues for services provided to casino customers on a complimentary basis.
poker rake is the portion of cash wagered by patrons in our poker rooms that is retained by the casino as a service fee, after adjustment for progressive accruals, but before the allocation of casino revenues to rooms, food and beverage and other revenues for services provided to casino customers on a complimentary basis. poker tables are not included in our measure of average number of table games.
average daily rate ("adr") is calculated by dividing total room revenues, including complimentaries (less service charges, if any), by total rooms occupied.
revenue per available room ("revpar") is calculated by dividing total room revenues, including complimentaries (less service charges, if any), by total rooms available.
occupancy is calculated by dividing total occupied rooms, including complimentary rooms, by the total rooms available.
below is a discussion of the methodologies used to calculate win percentages at our resorts.
in our vip operations in macau, customers primarily purchase rolling chips from the casino cage and can only use them to make wagers. winning wagers are paid in cash chips. the loss of the rolling chips in the vip operations is recorded as turnover and provides a base for calculating vip win percentage. it is customary in macau to measure vip play using this rolling chip method. we typically expect our win as a percentage of turnover from these operations to be within the range of 3.1% to 3.4%; however, reduced gaming volumes as a result of covid-19 containment measures implemented in macau may cause volatility in our macau operations' vip win percentages.
in our mass market operations in macau, customers may purchase cash chips at either the gaming tables or at the casino cage. the measurements from our vip and mass market operations are not comparable as the measurement method used in our mass market operations tracks the initial purchase of chips at the table and at the casino cage, while the measurement method from our vip operations tracks the sum of all losing wagers. accordingly, the base measurement from the vip operations is much larger than the base measurement from the mass market operations. as a result, the expected win percentage with the same amount of gaming win is lower in the vip operations when compared to the mass market operations.
in las vegas, customers purchase chips at the gaming tables in exchange for cash and markers. customers may then redeem markers at the gaming tables or at the casino cage. the cash and markers, net of redemptions, used to purchase chips are deposited in the gaming table's drop box. this is the base of measurement that we use for calculating win percentage. each type of table game has its own theoretical win percentage. our expected table games win percentage is 22% to 26%.
36
at encore boston harbor, customers purchase chips at the gaming tables in exchange for cash and markers. customers may then redeem markers only at the casino cage. the cash and gross markers used to purchase chips are deposited in the gaming table's drop box. this is the base of measurement that we use for calculating win percentage. each type of table game has its own theoretical win percentage. our expected table games win percentage is 18% to 22%.
results of operations summary annual results the following table summarizes our financial results for the periods presented (dollars in thousands, except per share data):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                       2021                                increase/ (decrease)           percent change operating revenues                                       $3,756,825                          $3,763,664        $(6,839)                         (0.2)
net loss attributable to wynn resorts, limited            (423,856)                           (755,786)        (331,930)                       (43.9)
diluted net loss per share                                   (3.73)                              (6.64)        (2.91)                          (43.8)
the decrease in operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022 was primarily driven by decreases of $472.7 million and $314.8 million at wynn palace and wynn macau, respectively, resulting from decreased gaming volumes due to certain travel-related restrictions and conditions, including covid-19 testing and other procedures related to the covid-19 pandemic. the decrease in operating revenues was partially offset by increases in operating revenues of $628.5 million and $139.6 million from our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor, respectively, as a result of increased gaming volumes as well as increases in hotel occupancy and covers at restaurants.
the decrease in net loss attributable to wynn resorts, limited for the year ended december 31, 2022 was primarily related to a gain recognized upon closing of the ebh transaction and decreased marketing costs at wynn interactive.
financial results for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021.
operating revenues the following table presents our operating revenues (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                                               2021                                    increase/ (decrease)                percent change operating revenues macau operations:
wynn palace                        $410,289                            $883,007             $(472,718)                          (53.5)
wynn macau                          311,249                             626,015              (314,766)                          (50.3)
total macau operations              721,538                           1,509,022              (787,484)                          (52.2)
las vegas operations              2,132,136                           1,503,681                628,455                            41.8
encore boston harbor                831,073                             691,523                139,550                            20.2
wynn interactive                     72,078                              59,438                 12,640                            21.3
$3,756,825                          $3,763,664               $(6,839)                           (0.2)
37
table of contents the following table presents our casino and non-casino operating revenues (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                        2021                                    increase/ (decrease)                percent change operating revenues casino revenues                           $1,632,541                          $2,133,420             $(500,879)                          (23.5)
non-casino revenues:
rooms                                        802,138                             592,571                209,567                            35.4
food and beverage                            846,214                             633,911                212,303                            33.5
entertainment, retail and other              475,932                             403,762                 72,170                            17.9
total non-casino revenues                  2,124,284                           1,630,244                494,040                            30.3
$3,756,825                          $3,763,664               $(6,839)                           (0.2)
casino revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022 were 43.5% of operating revenues, compared to 56.7% for the same period of 2021. non-casino revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022 were 56.5% of operating revenues, compared to 43.3% for the year ended december 31, 2021.
38
table of contents casino revenues casino revenues decreased as a result of lower gaming volumes at our macau operations due to pandemic-related travel restrictions, offset by higher gaming volumes at our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor. the table below sets forth our casino revenues and associated key operating measures (dollars in thousands, except for win per unit per day):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                        2021                increase/ (decrease)                percent change macau operations (1):
wynn palace:
total casino revenues                          $255,886                            $677,917                      $(422,031)                          (62.3)
vip:
average number of table games                        53                                  93                            (40)                          (43.0)
vip turnover                                 $2,641,321                          $6,435,947                    $(3,794,626)                          (59.0)
vip table games win                             $23,471                            $253,767                      $(230,296)                          (90.8)
vip win as a % of turnover                         0.89    %                           3.94    %                     (3.05)
table games win per unit per day                 $1,259                              $7,443                        $(6,184)                          (83.1)
mass market:
average number of table games                       229                                 229                               -                               -
table drop                                   $1,312,786                          $2,415,841                    $(1,103,055)                          (45.7)
table games win                                $282,138                            $540,234                      $(258,096)                          (47.8)
table games win %                                  21.5    %                           22.4    %                      (0.9)
table games win per unit per day                 $3,489                              $6,463                        $(2,974)                          (46.0)
average number of slot machines                     623                                 710                            (87)                          (12.3)
slot machine handle                            $732,197                          $1,454,577                      $(722,380)                          (49.7)
slot machine win                                $31,295                             $58,152                       $(26,857)                          (46.2)
slot machine win per unit per day                  $142                                $224                           $(82)                          (36.6)
wynn macau:
total casino revenues                          $216,639                            $476,999                      $(260,360)                          (54.6)
vip:
average number of table games                        41                                  81                            (40)                          (49.4)
vip turnover                                 $1,771,143                          $5,488,118                    $(3,716,975)                          (67.7)
vip table games win                             $55,999                            $155,064                       $(99,065)                          (63.9)
vip win as a % of turnover                         3.16    %                           2.83    %                       0.33
table games win per unit per day                 $3,828                              $5,250                        $(1,422)                          (27.1)
mass market:
average number of table games                       235                                 240                             (5)                           (2.1)
table drop                                   $1,170,633                          $2,230,348                    $(1,059,715)                          (47.5)
table games win                                $189,769                            $412,753                      $(222,984)                          (54.0)
table games win %                                  16.2    %                           18.5    %                      (2.3)
table games win per unit per day                 $2,284                              $4,720                        $(2,436)                          (51.6)
average number of slot machines                     646                                 587                              59            10.1
slot machine handle                            $895,466                          $1,057,303                      $(161,837)                          (15.3)
slot machine win                                $31,768                             $35,483                        $(3,715)                          (10.5)
slot machine win per unit per day                  $139                                $166                           $(27)                          (16.3)
39
table of contents year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                        2021                increase/ (decrease)                percent change las vegas operations:
total casino revenues                          $535,279                            $426,440                        $108,839                            25.5
average number of table games                       234                                 210                              24                            11.4
table drop                                   $2,274,010                          $1,842,792                        $431,218                            23.4
table games win                                $511,746                            $407,195                        $104,551                            25.7
table games win %                                  22.5    %                           22.1    %                        0.4
table games win per unit per day                 $5,990                              $5,323                            $667                            12.5
average number of slot machines                   1,703                               1,688                              15                             0.9
slot machine handle                          $5,617,775                          $4,379,421                      $1,238,354                            28.3
slot machine win                               $394,052                            $297,548                         $96,504                            32.4
slot machine win per unit per day                  $634                                $483                            $151                            31.3
poker rake                                      $19,680                             $14,552                          $5,128                            35.2
encore boston harbor (2):
total casino revenues                          $624,738                            $552,064                         $72,674                            13.2
average number of table games                       187                                 189                             (2)                           (1.1)
table drop                                   $1,447,851                          $1,267,908                        $179,943                            14.2
table games win                                $315,057                            $273,174                         $41,883                            15.3
table games win %                                  21.8    %                           21.5    %                        0.3
table games win per unit per day                 $4,604                              $3,959                            $645                            16.3
average number of slot machines                   2,716                               2,387                             329                            13.8
slot machine handle                          $5,007,772                          $4,377,181                        $630,591                            14.4
slot machine win                               $402,688                            $358,827                         $43,861                            12.2
slot machine win per unit per day                  $406                                $412                            $(6)                           (1.5)
poker rake                                       $9,476                                  $-                          $9,476                                     nm nm - not meaningful.
(1) the results of our macau operations for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 were negatively impacted by the closure of our casino operations in macau for a 12-day period in july 2022 and certain travel-related restrictions and conditions, including covid-19 testing and other mitigation procedures, related to the covid-19 pandemic.
(2) on january 25, 2021, encore boston harbor restored 24-hour casino operations and reopened its hotel tower on a thursday through sunday weekly schedule. the property reopened its hotel tower to seven days per week as of september 1, 2021.
40
table of contents non-casino revenues the table below sets forth our room revenues and associated key operating measures:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                             2021                increase/ (decrease)                percent change macau operations:
wynn palace:
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)             $40,079                           $69,022                       $(28,943)                          (41.9)
occupancy                                                 38.4    %                         58.5    %                     (20.1)
adr                                                       $156                              $182                           $(26)                          (14.3)
revpar                                                     $60                              $107                           $(47)                          (43.9)
wynn macau:
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)             $25,691                           $50,492                       $(24,801)                          (49.1)
occupancy                                                 41.1    %                         58.8    %                     (17.7)
adr                                                       $154                              $213                           $(59)                          (27.7)
revpar                                                     $63                              $125                           $(62)                          (49.6)
las vegas operations:
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)            $651,291                          $425,777                        $225,514                            53.0
occupancy                                                 86.7    %                         69.5    %                       17.2
adr                                                       $454                              $386                             $68                            17.6
revpar                                                    $393                              $268                            $125                            46.6
encore boston harbor (1):
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)             $85,078                           $47,280                         $37,798                            79.9
occupancy                                                 91.4    %                         85.2    %                        6.2
adr                                                       $382                              $328                             $54                            16.5
revpar                                                    $349                              $279                             $70                            25.1
(1) encore boston harbor room statistics have been computed based on 250 days of operation in the year ended december 31, 2021, representing the number of nights hotel rooms were offered for sale to the public. the property reopened its hotel tower to seven days per week as of september 1, 2021.
room revenues increased $209.6 million, primarily due to higher occupancy and adr at our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor.
food and beverage revenues increased $212.3 million, primarily due to increased restaurant covers and nightlife revenues at our las vegas operations.
entertainment, retail and other revenues increased $72.2 million, primarily due to increased convention sales, retail revenues from our owned and leased outlets, and entertainment venue sales, including tickets sales for the exclusive production awakening which premiered in november 2022, all at our las vegas operations.
41
table of contents operating expenses the table below presents operating expenses (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                        2021                                    increase/ (decrease)                   percent change operating expenses:
casino                                    $1,099,801                          $1,394,098             $(294,297)                             (21.1)
rooms                                        261,343                             197,734                 63,609                               32.2
food and beverage                            700,549                             516,391                184,158                               35.7
entertainment, retail and other              328,529                             450,358              (121,829)                             (27.1)
general and administrative                   830,450                             796,592                 33,858                                4.3
provision for credit losses                  (7,295)                              29,487               (36,782)                            (124.7)
pre-opening                                   20,643                               6,821                 13,822                              202.6
depreciation and amortization                692,318                             715,962               (23,644)                              (3.3)
gain on ebh transaction, net               (181,989)                                   -              (181,989)                                        nm property charges and other                   113,152                              50,762                 62,390                              122.9
total operating expenses                  $3,857,501                          $4,158,205             $(300,704)                              (7.2)
nm - not meaningful.
total operating expenses decreased $300.7 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, due to decreased casino expenses and the gain recorded in connection with the ebh transaction.
casino expenses decreased $231.9 million and $150.8 million at wynn palace and wynn macau, respectively. these decreases were primarily due to reductions in gaming tax expense driven by the declines in casino revenues at each of wynn palace and wynn macau, resulting from pandemic-related travel restrictions, partially offset by increased casino expenses of $45.5 million and $42.9 million at our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor, respectively, primarily due to increased operating costs, including gaming tax expense, driven by the increase in casino revenues.
room expenses increased $49.4 million and $19.2 million at our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor, respectively. these increases were primarily a result of higher operating costs related to the increase in occupancy.
food and beverage expenses increased $173.9 million and $19.8 million at our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor, respectively. these increases were primarily a result of higher operating costs related to the increase in food and beverage revenues as well as higher nightlife entertainment costs associated with increased business volumes at our las vegas operations' nightlife venues.
entertainment, retail and other expenses decreased $165.6 million at wynn interactive, primarily due to decreased marketing costs, partially offset by an increase of $48.3 million at our las vegas operations, primarily due to higher operating costs associated with increased levels of business.
general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to increases of $44.5 million and $30.4 million at our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor, respectively. these increases were attributable to increased payroll and operating costs resulting from higher business volumes, partially offset by decreased general and administrative expenses of $19.1 million and $17.3 million at wynn palace and wynn macau, respectively, due to decreased payroll and operating costs attributable to lower business volumes.
the provision for credit losses decreased $17.3 million, $14.0 million, and $5.9 million at wynn palace, wynn macau, and our las vegas operations, respectively. the decreases were primarily due to the impact of historical collection patterns and expectations of current and future collection trends, as well as the specific review of customer accounts, on our estimated credit loss for the respective periods.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, pre-opening expenses totaled $20.6 million, which primarily related to reconfiguring the theater space at wynn las vegas to host an all-new, exclusive theatrical production, awakening, which
42
table of contents premiered in november 2022. for the year ended december 31, 2021, pre-opening expenses totaled $6.8 million, which primarily related to restaurant remodels at our las vegas operations.
depreciation and amortization decreased $37.8 million at wynn palace, primarily due to certain furniture, fixture and equipment assets reaching the end of their useful lives in the first quarter of 2022.
we recorded a gain of $182.0 million related to the closing of the ebh transaction in december 2022.
property charges and other expenses for the year ended december 31, 2022 consisted primarily of restructuring costs incurred by wynn interactive, including contract termination costs of $32.8 million and impairment of goodwill and other finite-lived intangible assets of $37.8 million and $10.3 million, respectively. in addition, we incurred asset abandonments of $3.3 million, $22.6 million, and $1.3 million at our las vegas operations, wynn palace, and wynn macau, respectively.
our property charges and other expenses for the year ended december 31, 2021 consisted primarily of advocacy-related expenses of $12.5 million and impairment of goodwill of $10.3 million at wynn interactive, asset abandonments of $9.7 million, $4.2 million, $2.3 million, and $1.8 million at our las vegas operations, wynn palace, encore boston harbor, and wynn macau, respectively, and other contingency expenses of $8.7 million at wynn macau.
interest expense, net of capitalized interest the following table summarizes information related to interest expense (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                                                          2021   increase/ (decrease)                percent change interest expense interest cost, including amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount and premium             $650,885                            $605,562        $45,323                    7.5
weighted average total debt balance                                                                           $12,135,627                         $12,195,881
weighted average interest rate                                                                                       5.36    %                           4.96    %
interest costs increased primarily due to an increase in the weighted average interest rate.
other non-operating income and expenses we incurred a foreign currency remeasurement gain of $5.8 million and a loss of $23.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the impact of the exchange rate fluctuation of the macau pataca, in relation to the u.s. dollar, on the remeasurements of u.s. dollar denominated debt and other obligations from our macau-related entities drove the variability between periods.
we recorded a gain of $16.0 million and $11.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from change in derivatives fair value.
we recorded a $2.1 million loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2021 related to full prepayments of the wynn macau credit facilities.
income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded an income tax expense of $9.3 million and $0.5 million, respectively. the 2022 income tax expense primarily relates to u.s. profitability and changes in u.s. deferred taxes. the 2021 income tax expense primarily relates to the macau dividend tax agreement that provides for an annual payment of mop 12.8 million (approximately $1.6 million) as complementary tax otherwise due by stockholders of wynn macau sa partially offset by a decrease in foreign deferred tax liabilities related to intangibles.
43
table of contents in march 2021, the company received an extension of its macau dividend tax agreement, providing for a payment of mop 12.8 million (approximately $1.6 million) for 2021 and mop 6.3 million (approximately $0.8 million) for the period ending june 26, 2022. in december 2022, the company applied for an extension of this agreement from june 27, 2022 through december 31, 2022 , the date concession extension agreement expired. the extension is subject to approval.
in april 2020, wynn macau sa received an extension of the exemption from macau's 12% complementary tax on casino gaming profits earned from january 1, 2021 to june 26, 2022. in september 2022, wynn macau sa received an extension of the exemption from the complementary tax on casino gaming profits through december 31, 2022. for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any casino gaming profits exempt from the macau complementary tax. our non-gaming profits remain subject to the macau complementary tax and casino winnings remain subject to the macau special gaming tax and other levies together totaling 39% in accordance with our concession agreement.
in december 2022, the company applied for an exemption from complementary tax on casino gaming profits commencing january 1, 2023. the application is subject to approval.
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was $285.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to net loss of $256.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. these amounts are primarily related to the noncontrolling interests' share of net loss from wml.
segment information as further described in item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 19, "segment information," we use adjusted property ebitdar to manage the operating results of our segments. adjusted property ebitdar is net income (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, pre-opening expenses, gain on ebh transaction, net, property charges and other, triple-net operating lease rent expense related to encore boston harbor, management and license fees, corporate expenses and other (including intercompany golf course, meeting and convention, and water rights leases), stock-based compensation, change in derivatives fair value, loss on extinguishment of debt, and other non-operating income and expenses. adjusted property ebitdar is presented exclusively as a supplemental disclosure because management believes that it is widely used to measure the performance, and as a basis for valuation, of gaming companies. management uses adjusted property ebitdar as a measure of the operating performance of its segments and to compare the operating performance of its properties with those of its competitors, as well as a basis for determining certain incentive compensation. we also present adjusted property ebitdar because it is used by some investors to measure a company's ability to incur and service debt, make capital expenditures and meet working capital requirements. gaming companies have historically reported ebitdar as a supplement to gaap. in order to view the operations of their casinos on a more stand-alone basis, gaming companies, including us, have historically excluded from their ebitdar calculations preopening expenses, property charges, corporate expenses and stock-based compensation, that do not relate to the management of specific casino properties. however, adjusted property ebitdar should not be considered as an alternative to operating income (loss) as an indicator of our performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity, or as an alternative to any other measure determined in accordance with gaap. unlike net income (loss), adjusted property ebitdar does not include depreciation or interest expense and therefore does not reflect current or future capital expenditures or the cost of capital. we have significant uses of cash flows, including capital expenditures, triple-net operating lease rent expense related to encore boston harbor, interest payments, debt principal repayments, income taxes and other non-recurring charges, which are not reflected in adjusted property ebitdar. also, our calculation of adjusted property ebitdar may be different from the calculation methods used by other companies and, therefore, comparability may be limited.
44
table of contents the following table summarizes adjusted property ebitdar (in thousands) for wynn palace, wynn macau, las vegas operations, and encore boston harbor as reviewed by management and summarized in item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 19, "segment information." that footnote also presents a reconciliation of adjusted property ebitdar to net loss attributable to wynn resorts, limited.
year ended december 31,
2022                                          2021                                  increase/ (decrease)
wynn palace                  $(96,557)                           $91,646             $(188,203)
wynn macau                   (124,047)                             4,209              (128,256)
las vegas operations           801,095                           530,878                270,217
encore boston harbor           243,386                           210,068                 33,318
wynn interactive              (98,490)                         (267,360)                168,870
adjusted property ebitdar at wynn palace and wynn macau decreased $188.2 million and $128.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, respectively, primarily due to a decrease in operating revenues, partially offset by a decrease in operating expenses. our macau operations for the year ended december 31, 2022 continued to be negatively impacted by certain travel-related restrictions and conditions, including covid-19 testing and other procedures related to the covid-19 pandemic.
adjusted property ebitdar at our las vegas operations increased $270.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in revenues from hotel and food and beverage operations.
adjusted property ebitdar at encore boston harbor increased $33.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in revenues from casino and hotel operations, partially offset by increased operating expenses.
adjusted property ebitdar at wynn interactive increased $168.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to decreased marketing and promotional expenses.
refer to the discussions above regarding the specific details of our results of operations.
45
table of contents liquidity and capital resources our cash flows were as follows (in thousands):
year ended december 31, cash flows - summary                                                                        2022   2021
net cash used in operating activities                                             $(71,272)                          $(222,591)
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities:
capital expenditures, net of construction payables and retention                  (300,127)                           (290,657)
purchase of intangible and other assets                                            (52,377)                            (56,034)
proceeds from ebh transaction                                                     1,700,000                                   -
proceeds from sale of assets and other                                                1,471                               4,268
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                               1,348,967                           (342,423)
net cash used in financing activities:
proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                            211,435                           1,340,281
repayments of long-term debt                                                       (50,000)                         (2,488,401)
proceeds from issuance of wynn resorts, limited common stock                              -                             841,896
repurchase of common stock                                                        (187,499)                            (13,842)
proceeds from issuance of subsidiary common stock                                     2,895                               4,662
proceeds from sale of noncontrolling interest in subsidiary                          50,033                                   -
payments to acquire ownership interest in subsidiary                                      -                             (5,433)
distribution to noncontrolling interest                                            (27,744)                            (18,761)
dividends paid                                                                      (1,445)                             (1,553)
finance lease payments                                                             (18,188)                            (15,658)
payments for financing costs                                                        (3,165)                            (31,193)
net cash used in financing activities                                              (23,678)                           (388,002)
effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash               (2,094)                             (2,301)
increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                $1,251,923                          $(955,317)
operating activities our operating cash flows primarily consist of operating income (excluding depreciation and amortization and other non-cash charges), interest paid and earned, and changes in working capital accounts such as receivables, inventories, prepaid expenses, and payables. our table games play is a mix of cash play and credit play, while our slot machine play is conducted primarily on a cash basis. a significant portion of our table games revenue is attributable to the play of a limited number of premium customers who gamble on credit. the ability to collect these gaming receivables may impact our operating cash flow for the period. our rooms, food and beverage, and entertainment, retail and other revenue is conducted on a cash and credit basis. accordingly, operating cash flows will be impacted by changes in operating income and accounts receivable, net.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, the decrease in net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to a decrease in marketing expenses related to wynn interactive and an increase in customer deposits.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, the decrease in net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to increased operating revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses and changes in working capital accounts, including a decrease in customer deposits primarily due to withdrawals by gaming promoters.
46
table of contents investing activities our investing activities primarily consist of project capital expenditures and maintenance capital expenditures associated with maintaining and continually refining our world-class integrated resort properties.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, we incurred capital expenditures of $226.4 million at our las vegas operations primarily related to the wynn las vegas room remodel and theater reconfiguration, and $20.2 million at encore boston harbor, $31.9 million at wynn palace, and $13.0 million at wynn macau primarily related to maintenance capital expenditures. we also received $1.70 billion in cash proceeds upon closing of the ebh transaction. in addition, we made a $40.2 million investment in an unconsolidated affiliate.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, we incurred capital expenditures of $168.8 million at our las vegas operations primarily related to the wynn las vegas room remodel, and $38.7 million at encore boston harbor, $37.2 million at wynn palace, and $25.2 million at wynn macau primarily related to maintenance capital expenditures.
financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2022, we repurchased 2,956,331 shares of our common stock for approximately $171.3 million under our equity repurchase program. we also borrowed $211.4 million under the wm cayman ii revolver and made quarterly amortization payments under the wrf term loan totaling $50.0 million. in addition, we received a $50.0 million contribution from a noncontrolling interest holder in exchange for a 49.9% interest in certain retail space contributed by the company to the retail joint venture and used cash of $27.7 million for distributions to noncontrolling interest holders of the retail joint venture.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, we received proceeds of $841.9 million from our february 2021 equity offering and used $716.0 million of the proceeds from the equity offering to repay the outstanding borrowings under the wrf revolver. we also paid $464.7 million of outstanding principal owed under the wynn macau term loan and prepaid the outstanding $1.26 billion of borrowings under the wynn macau credit facilities along with related financing costs, using proceeds from the borrowing of $1.09 billion under the wm cayman ii revolver along with $200.0 million of cash. in addition, we borrowed $200.4 million under the wm cayman ii revolver, and made quarterly amortization payments under the wrf term loan totaling $50.0 million.
capital resources the covid-19 pandemic has materially impacted and may continue to materially impact our macau operations' business, financial condition, and results of operations. while as of february 27, 2023, there are no remaining entry restrictions or mandatory quarantine requirements in place for travelers to macau or elsewhere that directly impact visitation to our other properties, and we believe our unrestricted cash, cash flows from operations and revolver borrowing capacity will enable us to fund our current obligations for the next twelve months and beyond. nevertheless, given the inherent uncertainty around the likelihood, extent, and timing of a potential reimposition of restrictions on the general public, travel, or certain activities, management is unable to reasonably predict whether such restrictions would impact our properties in the future, or the extent such restrictions, if reimposed, would impact our results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition and our ability to access capital.
refer to item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 7, "long-term debt" in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information regarding each of the company's debt agreements. the following table summarizes our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and available revolver borrowing capacity, excluding capacity under intercompany loan agreements, presented by significant financing entity as of december 31, 2022 (in thousands):
total cash and cash equivalents   revolver borrowing capacity wynn macau, limited and subsidiaries                        $951,901                $-
wynn resorts finance, llc (1)                              2,303,420                836,985
wynn resorts, limited and other                              395,119                -
total                                                     $3,650,440                $836,985
(1) excluding wynn macau, limited and subsidiaries.
47
table of contents wynn macau, limited and subsidiaries. wml generates cash from our macau operations and may utilize proceeds from the wm cayman ii revolver and its intercompany revolving loan facility with wynn resorts, limited to fund working capital requirements as needed. we expect to use this cash to fund working capital and capital expenditure requirements at wml and our macau operations, and to service our wml senior notes and wm cayman ii revolver. wml paid no dividends during 2022 or 2021.
the borrowings under the wm cayman ii revolver bear interest at libor or hibor plus a margin of 2.625% per annum until june 30, 2022, the date from which the margin will be 1.875% to 2.875% per annum based on wm cayman ii's leverage ratio on a consolidated basis, subject to a floor on the interest rate margin of 2.625% per annum through june 30, 2023.  the final maturity of all outstanding loans under the revolving facility is september 16, 2025.
on may 5, 2022, wm cayman ii and its lenders agreed to waive certain financial covenants in the facility agreement under the wm cayman ii revolver in respect of the relevant periods ending on the following applicable test dates: (a) june 30, 2022; (b) september 30, 2022; (c) december 31, 2022; and (d) march 31, 2023; and to provide for a floor on the interest rate margin of 2.625% per annum through june 30, 2023. wml, as guarantor, may be subject to certain restrictions on payments of dividends or distributions to its shareholders, unless certain financial criteria have been satisfied through the facility agreement.
if our portion of our cash and cash equivalents were repatriated to the u.s. on december 31, 2022, it would be subject to minimal u.s. taxes in the year of repatriation.
wynn resorts finance, llc and subsidiaries. wynn resorts finance, llc ("wrf" or "wynn resorts finance") generates cash from distributions from its subsidiaries, which include our macau operations, wynn las vegas, and encore boston harbor, and capital contributions from wynn resorts, as required. in addition, wrf may utilize its available revolving borrowing capacity as needed. we expect to use this cash to service our wrf credit facilities, the wrf senior notes and the wynn las vegas senior notes, and to fund working capital and capital expenditure requirements as needed.
wrf is a holding company and, as a result, its ability to pay dividends to wynn resorts is dependent on wrf receiving distributions from its subsidiaries, which include wml, wynn las vegas, llc, and wynn ma. the wrf credit agreement contains customary negative and financial covenants, including, but not limited to, covenants that restrict wrf's ability to pay dividends or distributions and incur additional indebtedness.
in june 2022, wynn las vegas completed its hotel room remodel for total project costs of approximately $215 million.
in october 2022, wynn las vegas completed its theater reconfiguration for total project costs of approximately $110 million. the specially redesigned theater was custom designed to host an all-new, exclusive theatrical production, awakening, which premiered in november 2022.
upon closing of the ebh transaction in december 2022, we received cash proceeds of approximately $1.70 billion in exchange for the sale of certain real estate assets related to encore boston harbor, and concurrently entered into a lease agreement for the purpose of continuing to operate the encore boston harbor integrated resort. the triple-net lease agreement provides for an initial annual minimum base rent of $100.0 million for an initial term of 30 years, subject to certain annual rent escalations and renewal provisions, and obligates the company to continue paying certain payments in lieu of property taxes. we expect to use the proceeds from the ebh transaction in accordance with the reinvestment and asset sale provisions of our senior secured credit facilities.
on february 16, 2023, wrf issued $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7 1/8% senior notes due 2031 (the "2031 wrf senior notes") in a private offering. the 2031 wrf senior notes were issued at par, for proceeds of $596.2 million, net of $3.8 million of related fees and expenses. also on february 16, 2023, wrf completed a cash tender offer for any and all of the outstanding principal amount of the 2025 wrf senior notes, and accepted for purchase valid tenders with respect to $506.4 million and paid a tender premium of $12.4 million. we used a portion of the net proceeds from the offering of the 2031 wrf senior notes to purchase such tendered 2025 wrf senior notes and to pay related fees and expenses, and intend to use the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes. we intend to redeem the remaining outstanding 2025 wrf senior notes using cash held by wrf on or after april 15, 2023, when such senior notes are redeemable at a price equal to 101.938% of the principal amount plus accrued interest under the terms of their indenture.
48
table of contents we intend to repurchase or redeem all of the outstanding wynn las vegas 4.25% senior notes due 2023 using cash held by wrf during or after march 2023, when such senior notes are redeemable at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued interest under the terms of their indenture.
wynn resorts, limited and other subsidiaries. wynn resorts, limited is a holding company and, as a result, our ability to pay dividends is dependent on our ability to obtain funds and our subsidiaries' ability to provide funds to us. wynn resorts, limited and other primarily generates cash from royalty (including intellectual property license) and management agreements with our resorts, dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries, and the operations of the retail joint venture of which we own 50.1%. fees payable by wynn macau sa to wynn resorts, limited under its intellectual property license agreement are capped at $75.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. we expect to use cash held by wynn resorts, limited and other to service our retail term loan, to fund working capital needs of our subsidiaries, and for general corporate purposes.
other factors affecting liquidity we may refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. we cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of the indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all.
legal proceedings in which we are involved also may impact our liquidity. no assurance can be provided as to the outcome of such proceedings. in addition, litigation inherently involves significant costs. for information regarding legal proceedings, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 17, "commitments and contingencies."
in april 2016, our board of directors has authorized an equity repurchase program of up to $1.00 billion. under the equity repurchase program, we may repurchase the company's outstanding shares from time to time through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions, and under plans complying with rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "exchange act"). we repurchased 2,956,331 shares of our common stock at an average price of $57.95 per share, for an aggregate cost of $171.3 million under this equity repurchase program during the year ended december 31, 2022. as of december 31, 2022, we had $628.8 million in repurchase authority remaining under the program.
we have in the past repurchased, and in the future, we may periodically consider repurchasing our outstanding notes for cash. the amount of any shares and/or notes to be repurchased, as well as the timing of any repurchases, will be based on business, market and other conditions and factors, including price, contractual requirements or consents, and capital availability.
new business developments or other unforeseen events may occur, resulting in the need to raise additional funds. we continue to explore opportunities to develop additional gaming or related businesses in domestic and international markets. there can be no assurances regarding the business prospects with respect to any other opportunity. any new development may require us to obtain additional financing. we may decide to conduct any such development through wynn resorts, limited or through subsidiaries separate from the las vegas, boston or macau-related entities.
49
table of contents contractual commitments the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual commitments as of december 31, 2022 (in thousands):
payments due by period less than                        1 to 3                        4 to 5                         after                        total
1 year                         years                         years                       5 years long-term debt obligations                                    $550,000                     $5,882,973                    $2,630,000                    $3,100,000                   $12,162,973
fixed interest payments                                        490,579                        812,367                       469,254                       217,411                     1,989,611
estimated variable interest payments (1)                       195,657                        277,175                             -                             -                       472,832
macau gaming premium (2)                                        13,199                         26,398                        26,398                        65,997                       131,992
macau property transfer agreement payments (3)                   6,612                         13,225                        44,082                       110,206                       174,125
construction contracts and commitments                         126,289                         19,547                             -                             -                       145,836
operating leases                                               136,924                        272,700                       275,637                     3,946,778                     4,632,039
finance leases                                                  19,913                         14,293                         2,589                        62,784                        99,579
employment agreements (4)                                       77,595                         71,538                         3,827                         3,903                       156,863
massachusetts surrounding community payments (5)                14,695                         30,312                        31,612                        93,600                       170,219
other (6)                                                      203,299                         96,620                        40,435                        68,246                       408,600
total contractual commitments                               $1,834,762                     $7,517,148                    $3,523,834                    $7,668,925                   $20,544,669
(1)    amounts for all periods represent our estimated future interest payments on our debt facilities based upon amounts outstanding and libor or hibor rates as of december 31, 2022. actual rates will vary.
(2)    represents the fixed and minimum variable gaming premium amounts payable under the gaming concession contract, based on the number and type of gaming tables and machines we operate.
(3)    represents amounts payable under the property transfer agreements (as defined in item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 5, "property and equipment, net").
(4)    represents payments to executive officers, other members of management and certain key employees. employment agreements generally have three to five year terms and typically indicate a base salary and often contain provisions for discretionary bonuses. certain of the executives are also entitled to a separation payment if terminated without "cause" or upon voluntary termination of employment for "good reason" following a "change of control" (as these terms are defined in the employment contracts).
(5)    represents payments to certain communities surrounding encore boston harbor, required as a condition of the gaming license awarded to wynn ma, llc.
(6)    other includes open purchase orders, future charitable contributions, performance contracts and other contracts. as further discussed in item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 13, "income taxes," we had $136.0 million of unrecognized tax benefits as of december 31, 2022. due to the inherent uncertainty of the underlying tax positions, it is not practicable to assign this liability to any particular year and therefore it is not included in the table above as of december 31, 2022.
on december 16, 2022, wynn macau sa entered into a definitive gaming concession contract (the "gaming concession contract") with the government of macau, pursuant to which wynn macau sa was granted a 10-year gaming concession commencing on january 1, 2023 and expiring on december 31, 2032, to operate games of chance at wynn palace and wynn macau.
in addition to the macau gaming premium and property transfer agreements payment commitments included in the table above, wynn macau sa committed to pay a gaming tax assessed at the rate of 35% of gross gaming revenues, plus additional special levies equal to 5% of gross gaming revenues, throughout the term of the gaming concession contract. wynn macau sa also committed to make certain non-gaming and gaming investments in the amount of mop17.73 billion (approximately $2.21 billion) over the course of the ten-year term of the gaming concession contract. mop16.50 billion (approximately $2.05 billion) of the committed investment will be used for non-gaming capital projects and event programming in connection with, among others, attraction of foreign tourists, conventions and exhibitions, entertainment performances, sports events, culture and art, health and wellness, themed amusement, gastronomy, community tourism and maritime tourism. wynn macau sa will be required to increase its investment in non-gaming projects by 20% in the following year if market-wide gross gaming revenues increase to mop180.00 billion (approximately $22.41 billion) in any one year (the "trigger event"). the required increase will be reduced to 16%, 12%, 8%, 4% or 0%, respectively, if the trigger event occurs during the sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth or tenth year of the concession period, respectively.
see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 17, "commitments and contingencies," for additional information regarding the amounts owed under the gaming concession contract and macau gaming law.
50
table of contents critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap involves the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. certain of our accounting policies require management to apply significant judgment in defining the appropriate assumptions integral to financial estimates and on an ongoing basis, management evaluates those estimates. judgments are based on historical experience, terms of existing contracts, industry trends and information available from outside sources, as appropriate. however, by their nature, judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, and therefore actual results could differ from our estimates.
sale-leaseback transaction on december 1, 2022, the company closed on a sale-leaseback arrangement with respect to certain real estate assets related to encore boston harbor (the "ebh transaction"). upon closing of the ebh transaction, the company received cash proceeds of approximately $1.70 billion in exchange for the sale of such real estate assets, recognizing a gain on sale of $182.0 million, and concurrently entered into a lease agreement with respect to the sold assets for the purpose of continuing to operate the encore boston harbor integrated resort. upon entering into the lease agreement, the company recognized an operating lease asset and a corresponding operating lease liability of $1.51 billion.
accounting for sale-leaseback transactions requires significant management judgement and estimates, including with respect to the determination of whether the transaction qualifies as a sale as defined within gaap, operating versus finance lease classification, and inputs into the measurement of lease assets and liabilities.
in determining whether the transaction qualifies as a sale, we are required to assess whether a contract exists and if so, whether control has passed to the counterparty in the contract. control indicators include, but are not limited to, whether the entity has a present right to payment for the asset, whether the customer has legal title to the asset, whether the entity has transferred physical possession of the asset, whether the customer has significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset, and whether the customer has accepted the asset. concluding whether a sale has occurred requires significant judgement in determining whether the rights and obligations created by the sale agreement convey control to the counterparty in the transaction.
in a sale-leaseback arrangement, we are required to determine whether the lease is classified as an operating lease or a finance lease. a finance lease would preclude sale accounting. a lessee is required to classify a lease as a finance lease if, among other factors, (1) the term is for the major part of the remaining economic life of the underlying asset or 2) the present value of the sum of the lease payments equals or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the underlying asset. lease terms include options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that such option will be exercised. the company's operating lease related to encore boston harbor contains an initial term of 30 years from december 2022 to november 2052 with one thirty-year renewal period at the company's option, which, in management judgement, is not considered to be reasonably certain of being exercised. the determination of whether the present value of the sum of the lease payments equals or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the underlying asset requires the use of estimates, in both determining the discount rate to measure the present value of the sum of the lease payments and in determining the fair value of the underlying assets. as the interest rate implicit in our leases is not readily determinable, we use our incremental borrowing rate, which is defined by gaap as the "rate of interest that a lessee would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment," to determine the present value of lease payments. inputs into our selected incremental borrowing rate which require management's judgement include quantifying our entity-specific credit risk and risks associated with the economic environment specific to the leased assets. in determining the fair value of the underlying assets, we use a combination of the income, market, and cost approaches, which include inputs such as estimated future cash flows, the selection of recently sold comparable properties, and estimated cost to construct a comparable asset.
51
table of contents allowance for credit losses a substantial portion of our outstanding receivables relates to casino credit play. credit play, through the issuance of markers, represents a significant portion of the table games volume. our goal is to maintain strict controls over the issuance of credit and aggressively pursue collection from those customers who fail to pay their balances in a timely fashion. these collection efforts may include the mailing of statements and delinquency notices, personal contacts, the use of outside collection agencies, and litigation. markers issued at our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor are generally legally enforceable instruments in the united states, and united states assets of foreign customers may be used to satisfy judgments entered in the united states.
the enforceability of markers and other forms of credit related to gaming debt outside of the united states varies from country to country. some foreign countries do not recognize the enforceability of gaming related debt, or make enforcement burdensome. we closely consider the likelihood and difficulty of enforceability, among other factors, when issuing credit to customers who are not residents of the united states. in addition to our internal credit and collection departments, we have a network of legal, accounting and collection professionals to assist us in our determinations regarding enforceability and our overall collection efforts.
we regularly evaluate our reserve for credit losses based on a specific review of customer accounts and outstanding gaming promoter accounts, taking into consideration the amount owed, the age of the account, the customer's financial condition, management's experience with historical and current collection trends, current economic and business conditions, and management's expectations of future economic and business conditions and forecasts. accounts are written off when management deems them to be uncollectible. recoveries of accounts previously written off are recorded when received.
the following table presents key statistics related to our casino accounts receivable (dollars in thousands):
december 31,
2022                                                                                                    2021
casino accounts receivable                                        $171,893                      $199,030
allowance for casino credit losses                                 $74,207                      $106,958
allowance as a percentage of casino accounts receivable               43.2   %                      53.7   %
the decrease in allowance for casino credit losses as shown in the table above is primarily due to the impact of historical collection patterns and expectations of current and future collection trends, as well as the specific review of customer accounts. although the company believes that its allowance is adequate, it is possible the estimated amounts of cash collections with respect to receivables could change. our allowance for credit losses is based on our estimates of amounts collectible and depends on the risk assessments and judgments by management regarding realizability, the current and expected future state of the economy and our credit policy. our reserve methodology is applied similarly to credit extended at each of our resorts. as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, 34.3% and 42.9%, respectively, of our outstanding casino accounts receivable balance originated at our macau operations.
as of december 31, 2022, a 100 basis point change in the allowance for credit losses as a percentage of casino accounts receivable would change the provision for credit losses by approximately $1.7 million.
as our customer payment experience evolves, we will continue to refine our estimated allowance for credit losses. accordingly, the associated provision for credit losses may fluctuate. because individual customer account balances can be significant, the reserve and the provision can change significantly between periods as we become aware of additional information about a customer or changes occur in a region's economy or legal system.
impairment of long-lived assets, intangible assets, and goodwill we evaluate our property and equipment and other long-lived assets for impairment in accordance with applicable accounting standards. for assets to be disposed of we recognize the asset at the lower of carrying value or fair market value less costs of disposal, as estimated based on comparable asset sales, solicited offers, or a discounted cash flow model. for assets to be held and used, we review for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. in reviewing for impairment, we compare the estimated future cash flows of the asset, on an undiscounted basis, to the carrying value of the asset. if the undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value, no impairment is indicated. if the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, an impairment is recorded based on the fair value of the asset, typically measured using a discounted cash flow model. if
52
table of contents an asset is still under development, future cash flows include remaining construction costs. all recognized impairment losses, whether for assets to be disposed of or assets to be held and used, are recorded as operating expenses.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, wynn palace and wynn macau continued to experience disruptions to their respective businesses as a result of the covid-19 pandemic as noted in note 1, "organization and business." as a result, we concluded that a triggering event occurred at each of these asset groups. we tested our asset groups for recoverability as of december 31, 2022, and concluded no impairment existed at that date as the estimated undiscounted future cash flows exceeded the net carrying amount for each of the asset groups. the tests for recoverability include estimates of future cash flows and the useful lives of our primary assets. these estimates are subjective and may change should the covid-19 pandemic, including travel restrictions and operating capacity limitations, persist longer than expected. unfavorable changes in the company's estimates could require an impairment charge in the future.
the company tests goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that this asset may be impaired. the company's test of goodwill impairment starts with a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. if qualitative factors indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than its carrying amount, then a quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed. for the quantitative analysis, the company compares the fair value of its reporting unit to its carrying value. if the estimated fair value exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered not to be impaired and no additional steps are necessary. however, if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, goodwill impairment is recorded equal to the difference between the carrying amount of the reporting unit and its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. most of the company's goodwill balance as of december 31, 2022 and 2021 was the result of an acquisition during the fourth quarter of 2020.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, as a result of changes in forecasts and other industry-specific factors and management's decision to cease the operations of betbull limited ("betbull"), a subsidiary of wynn interactive, the company recognized impairment of goodwill and other finite-lived intangible assets of $37.8 million and $10.3 million, respectively. on november 12, 2021, wynn resorts announced the termination of a previously announced agreement and plan of merger which contemplated the combination of wynn interactive and a special purpose acquisition company. the company concluded that the termination of the agreement constituted a potential indicator of impairment, and as a result of revisiting its estimated fair value of the reporting units comprising wynn interactive based on a combination of the income and market approaches, recognized goodwill impairment of $10.3 million during the year ended december 31, 2021.
litigation and contingency estimates we are subject to various claims, legal actions and other contingencies, and we accrue for these matters when they are both probable and estimable. for matters that arose on or prior to the balance sheet date, we estimate any accruals based on the relevant facts and circumstances available through the date of issuance of the financial statements. we include the accruals associated with any contingent matters in other accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
