item 1a. risk factors.
in addition to the other information set forth in this 2022 annual report, any of the factors described below could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity, which could cause the trading price of our securities to decline.
this report contains "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and performance. we generally identify forward-looking statements by words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "could," "expect," "intend," "project," "plan," "predict," "believe," "seek," "continue," "outlook," "objective," "target," "may," "might," "will," "should," "can have," "likely" or the negative version of these words or comparable words or by using future dates in connection with any discussion of future performance, actions or events. forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions made by management using currently available information. these statements are not guarantees of future performance, actions or events.
in particular, forward-looking statements include statements relating to our future actions, business plans or prospects, prospective products, product approvals or products under development, product and supply chain disruptions, the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and any recovery therefrom on our business, r&d costs, timing and likelihood of success, future operating or financial performance, future results of current and anticipated products and services, strategies, sales efforts, expenses, production efficiencies, production margins, anticipated timing of generic market entries, integration of acquired businesses, interest rates, tax rates, changes in tax regimes and laws, foreign exchange rates, growth in emerging markets, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, plans related to share repurchases and dividends, government regulation and financial results. forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and potentially inaccurate assumptions. however, there may also be other risks that we are unable to predict at this time. if one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if management's underlying beliefs and assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by a forward-looking statement. you should not put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made.
we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or by the rules and regulations of the sec. you are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our form 10-q and 8-k reports and our other filings with the sec. we note these factors for investors as permitted by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. you should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.
risks related to our business and the animal health industry our products are subject to unanticipated safety, quality or efficacy concerns.
unanticipated safety, quality or efficacy concerns can arise with respect to our products, whether or not scientifically or clinically supported, which can lead to product recalls, withdrawals or suspended or declining sales, as well as product liability and other claims.
regulatory actions based on these types of safety, quality or efficacy concerns could impact all or a significant portion of a product's sales and could, depending on the circumstances, materially adversely affect our operating results.
in addition, since we depend on positive perceptions of the safety, quality and efficacy of our products, and animal health products generally, by our customers, veterinarians and end-users, any concerns as to the safety, quality or efficacy of our products, whether actual or perceived, may harm our reputation or materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, regardless of whether such concerns are accurate.
our results of operations are dependent upon the success of our top-selling products.
if any of our top-selling products and product lines experience issues, such as loss of patent protection, material product liability litigation, new or unexpected side effects, manufacturing or supply chain disruptions, regulatory proceedings, labeling changes, negative publicity, changes to veterinarian or customer preferences, and/or disruptive innovations or the introduction of competing and/or more effective products, our revenues could be negatively impacted, perhaps significantly. for example, our five top-selling products and product lines, simparica/simparica trio, apoquel, cytopoint, revolution/revolution plus/stronghold and ceftiofur line, contributed approximately 37% of our revenue in 2022, and any issues with these top-selling products and product lines would have a more significant impact to our results of operations.
the animal health industry is highly competitive.
we believe many of our competitors are conducting r&d activities in areas served by our products and in areas in which we are developing products. our competitors include standalone animal health businesses and the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies. there are also many start-up companies working in the animal health area. these competitors may have access to greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources or have significant market share in particular areas. as a result, they may be able to devote more resources to developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling their products, initiating or withstanding substantial price competition or more readily taking advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities. in recent years, there has been an increase in consolidation in the animal health industry, which could result in existing competitors realizing additional efficiencies or improving portfolio bundling opportunities, thereby potentially increasing their market share and pricing power, which could lead to a decrease in our revenue and profitability and an increase in competition. in addition to competition from established market participants, new entrants to the animal health medicines, vaccines and diagnostics industry, including start-up companies, could substantially reduce our market share or render our products obsolete.
to the extent that any of our competitors are more successful with respect to any key competitive factor or we are forced to reduce, or are unable to raise, the price of any of our products in order to remain competitive, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
|
generic and other products may be viewed as more cost-effective than our products.
we face competition from products produced by other companies, including generic alternatives to our products. we depend on patents and regulatory data exclusivity periods to provide us with exclusive marketing rights for some of our products. patents for individual products expire at different times based on the date of the patent filing (or sometimes the date of patent grant) and the legal term of patents in the countries where such patents are obtained. the extent of protection afforded by our patents varies from country to country and is limited by the scope of the claimed subject matter of our patents, the term of the patent and the availability and enforcement of legal remedies in the applicable country. as a result, we face competition from lower-priced generic alternatives to many of our products that no longer have patent protection. in certain circumstances, we have been forced to lower our prices and provide discounts or rebates in order to compete with generic products. generic competitors are becoming more aggressive in terms of launching at risk before patent rights expire and, because of their pricing, are an increasing percentage of overall animal health sales in certain regions. for example, several companies have launched generic versions of our rimadyl chewable and draxxin products. in the years since the start of generic and other competition, sales of our rimadyl chewable and draxxin products have declined in the u.s., the largest market for these products, by 23% and 45%, respectively, and additional declines are expected in subsequent years.
if animal health customers increase their use of new or existing generic products, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
our business is subject to risk based on global economic and political conditions.
macroeconomic, business, political and financial disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. certain of our customers and suppliers may be affected directly by the current economic downturn and could face credit issues or cash flow problems that could give rise to payment delays, increased credit risk, bankruptcies and other financial hardships that could decrease the demand for our products or hinder our ability to collect amounts due from customers or goods from our suppliers. if one or more of our large customers, including distributors, discontinue their relationship with us as a result of economic conditions, sanctions or otherwise, our operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. in addition, economic concerns and geopolitical instability may cause some pet owners to forgo or defer visits to veterinary practices or could reduce their willingness to treat pet health conditions or even to continue to own a pet. moreover, customers may seek lower price alternatives to our products if they are negatively impacted by the current poor economic conditions. russia's invasion of ukraine and the imposition of sanctions and business disruptions and the measures taken in china to combat the covid-19 pandemic, as well as inflation, are examples of recent global economic conditions that could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity.
infectious disease outbreaks, pandemics, sanctions, geopolitical instability and widespread fear of spreading disease through human contact can cause disruptions to or negatively impact our customers' and our distributors' business operations, which could materially adversely affect our operating results. furthermore, our exposure to credit and collectability risk and cybersecurity risk is higher in certain international markets and as a result of the crisis resulting from russia's invasion of ukraine, our ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. while we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit and collectability risk and have defensive measures in place to prevent and mitigate cyberattacks, there can be no assurances that such procedures and measures will effectively limit such risks and avoid losses.
the covid-19 pandemic has negatively affected the global economy; has disrupted our and our customers', suppliers', and vendors' operations; has negatively affected certain elements of our business and operations; and may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.
our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics such as covid-19. there is no certainty that measures taken by governmental authorities, including those taken in china, will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus, and our ability to continue to perform critical functions could be harmed.
the covid-19 pandemic has and may continue to impact our global supply chain as we experience disruptions or delays in shipments of certain materials or components of our products. any prolonged component shortages or supply chain disruption may result in manufacturing or r&d delays and could limit our ability to meet customer demand or otherwise adversely impact our revenue, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.
the covid-19 pandemic also has and may continue to reduce demand for some of our products as a result of the negative impact it has had and may continue to have on our customers. in particular, our livestock customers have been and may continue to be challenged by voluntary or mandatory facility closures, reduced packing plant capacity, travel bans and quarantines inhibiting consumption of protein and transportation of live animals, and labor shortages negatively impacting their operations. the resulting reduction in demand for some of our products has negatively impacted our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows, if such demand reduction accelerates or is prolonged.
additionally, many of our workforce continue to work remotely. remote working arrangements could result in additional complexity or inefficiency or increase operational risks, including, but not limited to, risks associated with cybersecurity, information technology and systems which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
weak global economic conditions also may amplify the ongoing impact of the pandemic. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic may also exacerbate the other risks discussed in this risk factors section, any of which could have a material effect on us. this situation continues to change rapidly, especially as new variants of the virus are identified, surges occur and government mitigation plans are implemented and additional impacts may arise that we are not aware of currently. in addition, we cannot predict the impact or affect on our business of any future pandemics or disease outbreaks that may occur.
|
disruptive innovations and advances in medical practices and technologies could negatively affect the market for our products.
the market for our products could be impacted negatively by the introduction and/or broad market acceptance of newly-developed or alternative products that address the diseases and conditions for which we sell products, including "green" or "holistic" health products or specially bred disease-resistant animals. in addition, technological breakthroughs by others may obviate our technology and reduce or eliminate the market for our products. introduction or acceptance of such products or technologies could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
consolidation of our customers and distributors could negatively affect the pricing of our products.
veterinarians and livestock producers are our primary customers. in recent years, there has been a trend towards the concentration of veterinarians in large clinics and hospitals. in addition, livestock producers, particularly swine and poultry producers, and our distributors, have seen consolidation in their industries. furthermore, we have seen the expansion of larger cross-border corporate customers and an increase in the consolidation of buying groups (cooperatives of veterinary practices that leverage volume to pursue discounts from manufacturers). if these trends towards consolidation continue, these customers and distributors could attempt to improve their profitability by leveraging their buying power to obtain favorable pricing. the resulting decrease in our prices could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
changes in distribution channels for companion animal products could negatively impact our market share, margins and distribution of our products.
in most markets, companion animal owners typically purchase their animal health products directly from veterinarians. companion animal owners increasingly have the option to purchase animal health products from sources other than veterinarians, such as internet-based retailers, "big-box" retail stores or other over-the-counter distribution channels. this trend has been demonstrated by the significant shift away from the veterinarian distribution channel in the sale of flea and tick products in recent years and has been accelerated by the increase in e-commerce during the covid-19 pandemic. companion animal owners also could decrease their reliance on, and visits to, veterinarians as they rely more on internet-based animal health information. because we primarily market our companion animal products through the veterinarian distribution channel, any decrease in visits to veterinarians by companion animal owners could reduce our market share for such products and materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. in addition, companion animal owners may substitute human health products for animal health products if human health products are deemed to be lower-cost alternatives.
in the u.s. and certain other markets, these and other competitive conditions have increased, and may continue to increase, our reliance on internet-based retailers, "big-box" retail stores or other over-the-counter distribution channels to sell our companion animal products. over time we may be unable to sustain our current margins due to the increased purchasing power of such retailers as compared to traditional veterinary practices. any of these events could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
an outbreak of infectious disease carried by animals could negatively affect the sale and production of our products.
sales of our livestock products could be materially adversely affected by the outbreak of disease carried by animals, which could lead to the widespread death or precautionary destruction of animals as well as the reduced consumption and demand for animal protein. in addition, outbreaks of disease carried by animals may reduce regional or global sales of particular animal-derived food products or result in reduced exports of such products, either due to heightened export restrictions or import prohibitions, which may reduce demand for our products due to reduced herd or flock sizes. in recent years, outbreaks of various diseases, including african swine fever, avian influenza, foot-and-mouth disease, bovine spongiform encephalopathy (otherwise known as bse or mad cow disease) and porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (otherwise known as pedv), have impacted the animal health business. the discovery of additional cases of any of these, or new diseases may result in additional restrictions on animal proteins, reduced herd sizes, or reduced demand for animal protein, which may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. also, the outbreak of any highly contagious disease near our main production sites could require us to immediately halt production of our products at such sites or force us to incur substantial expenses in procuring raw materials or products elsewhere.
implementing new business lines or offering new products and services may subject us to additional risks.
from time to time, we may implement new business lines or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. there may be substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts. we may invest significant time and resources in developing, marketing, or acquiring new lines of business and/or offering new products and services. initial timetables for the introduction and development or acquisition of new lines of business and/or the offering of new products or services may not be achieved, and price and profitability targets may prove to be unachievable. our lack of experience or knowledge, as well as external factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences, may also impact the success of an acquisition or the implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. new business lines or new products and services within existing lines of business could affect the sales and profitability of existing lines of business or products and services. failure to successfully manage these risks in the implementation or acquisition of new lines of business or the offering of new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition.
restrictions and bans on the use of and consumer preferences regarding antibacterials in food-producing animals may become more prevalent.
the issue of the potential transfer of increased antibacterial resistance in bacteria from food-producing animals to human pathogens, and the causality of that transfer, continue to be the subject of global scientific and regulatory discussion. antibacterials refer to small molecules that can be used to treat or prevent bacterial infections and are a sub-categorization of the products that make up our anti-infectives and medicated feed additives portfolios. in some countries, this issue has led to government restrictions and bans on the use of specific antibacterials in some food-producing animals, regardless of the route of administration (in feed or injectable). these restrictions are more prevalent in countries where animal protein is plentiful and governments are willing to take action even when there is scientific uncertainty. our total revenue attributable to antibacterials for livestock was approximately $1.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022.
for example, regulations regarding antibiotic usage in animals have been introduced in certain markets, including the u.s., the eu, china, france, germany, and vietnam. in addition, certain jurisdictions like italy have implemented the use of electronic prescriptions, which has caused more disciplined use of antibiotics and decreased the demand for our antibacterial products. also, in certain markets, there has been an increase in consumer preference towards proteins produced without the use of antibiotics.
|
we cannot predict whether antibacterial resistance concerns will result in additional restrictions or bans, expanded regulations, public pressure to discontinue or reduce use of antibacterials in food-producing animals or increased consumer preference for antibiotic-free protein, any of which could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
perceived adverse effects linked to the consumption of food derived from animals that utilize our products or animals generally could cause a decline in the sales of such products.
our livestock business depends heavily on a healthy and growing livestock industry. if the public perceives a risk to human health from the consumption of the food derived from animals that utilize our products, there may be a decline in the production of such food products and, in turn, demand for our products. furthermore, changing consumer preferences and increasing consumer interest in alternatives to animal-based protein and dairy products has driven the growth of plant-based substitutes. any reputational harm to the livestock industry may also extend to companies in related industries, including our company. adverse consumer views related to the use of one or more of our products in livestock also may result in a decrease in the use of such products and could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
increased regulation or decreased governmental financial support relating to the raising, processing or consumption of food-producing animals could reduce demand for our livestock products.
companies in the livestock industries are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent regulations. if livestock producers are adversely affected by new regulations or changes to existing regulations, they may reduce herd sizes or become less profitable and, as a result, they may reduce their use of our products, which may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. also, many food-producing companies, including livestock producers, benefit from governmental subsidies, and if such subsidies were to be reduced or eliminated, these companies may become less profitable and, as a result, may reduce their use of our products. furthermore, new or more stringent regulations could, directly or indirectly, impact the use of one or more of our products. more stringent regulation of the livestock industry or our products could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
we may not successfully acquire and integrate other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form and manage alliances or divest businesses.
we pursue acquisitions, technology licensing arrangements, strategic alliances or divestitures of some of our businesses as part of our business strategy. we may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, due to regulatory constraints or limitations or other unforeseen factors that prevent us from realizing the expected benefits. we may be unable to integrate acquisitions successfully into our existing business, and we may be unable to achieve expected sales, gross margin improvements or efficiencies. our reported results of operations could be negatively affected by acquisition or disposition-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets. we may be subject to litigation or government investigations in connection with, or as a result of, acquisitions, dispositions, licenses or other alliances. while our evaluation of any potential transaction includes business, legal and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved, our due diligence reviews may not identify all of the issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential loss contingencies of a particular transaction, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions or fines resulting from an acquisition target's previous activities, inadequate controls, or costs associated with any quality issues with an acquisition target's legacy products. any of these events could cause us to incur significant expenses and could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
our business may be negatively affected by weather conditions, natural disasters and the availability of natural resources.
adverse weather events and natural disasters may also interfere with and negatively impact operations at our manufacturing sites, research and development facilities and office buildings, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, especially if such interruptions to regular operations are frequent or prolonged.
weather conditions, including excessive cold or heat, natural disasters, floods, droughts and other events, could negatively impact our livestock customers by impairing the health or growth of their animals or the production or availability of feed. such events can also interfere with our livestock customers' operations due to power outages, fuel shortages, damage to their farms or facilities or disruption of transportation channels, among other things. for example, severe droughts can lead to a decrease in harvested corn and higher corn prices, which may impact the profitability of livestock producers of cattle, pork and poultry. higher corn prices may contribute to reductions in herd or flock sizes that may result in reduced spending on animal health products. adverse weather conditions and natural disasters may also have a material impact on the aquaculture business. in the event of a natural disaster, adverse weather conditions, or a shortage of fresh water, veterinarians or livestock producers may purchase less of our products and our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
in addition, veterinary hospitals and practitioners depend on visits from and access to animals under their care. veterinarians' patient volume and ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience natural disasters or adverse weather conditions, including floods, fires, earthquakes and hurricanes or other storms, or prolonged snow or ice, particularly in regions not accustomed to sustained inclement weather.
climate change could have a material adverse impact on our and our customers' businesses.
we operate in many regions, countries and communities around the world where our businesses, and our activities and the activities of our customers and suppliers, could be disrupted by climate change. potential physical risks from climate change may include altered distribution and intensity of rainfall, prolonged droughts or flooding, increased frequency of wildfires and other natural disasters, rising sea levels, and a rising heat index, any of which could cause negative impacts to our and our customers' and suppliers' businesses. increased temperatures and rising water levels may negatively impact our livestock customers by increasing the prevalence of parasites and diseases that affect food animals. in addition, changes in water temperatures could affect the timing of reproduction and growth of various fish species, and trigger the outbreak of certain water borne diseases. the physical changes caused by climate change may also prompt changes in regulations or consumer preferences which in turn could have negative consequences for our and our customers' businesses. climate change may negatively impact our customers' operations, particularly those in the livestock industry, through climate-related impacts such as increased air and water temperatures, rising water levels and increased incidence of disease in livestock. in addition, concerns regarding greenhouse gas emissions and other potential environmental impacts of livestock production have led to some consumers opting to limit or avoid consuming animal products. if such events affect our customers' businesses, they may purchase
|
fewer zoetis products, and our revenues may be negatively impacted. climate driven changes could have a material adverse impact on the financial performance of our business, and on our customers.
the impacts from climate change may also impact zoetis' and our suppliers' manufacturing processes. for example, ample amounts of clean water are needed to produce our products, and the effects from climate change could result in water supply interruptions and low water quality. in addition, increased frequency of natural disasters and adverse weather conditions may disrupt our manufacturing processes or our supply chain. these disruptions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.
modification of foreign trade policy by the u.s. or other countries or the imposition of tariffs on imported goods may harm our business.
changes in trade laws, agreements and policies governing trade in and out of the territories and countries where our customers do business could negatively impact such customers' businesses and adversely affect our operating results. a number of our customers, particularly u.s.-based livestock producers, benefit from free trade agreements. as well, international trade agreements or policies could harm our business and customers, and, as a result, negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations.
additionally, in response to u.s. tariffs affecting exports, some governments, including china, have instituted and may in the future institute tariffs on certain u.s. goods. while the scope and duration of these and any future tariffs remains uncertain, tariffs imposed by the u.s. or other governments on our products or the active pharmaceutical ingredients or other components thereof could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations.
our business is subject to risk based on customer exposure to rising costs and reduced customer income.
feed, fuel and transportation and other key costs for livestock producers may increase or animal protein prices or sales may decrease. either of these trends could cause deterioration in the financial condition of our livestock product customers, potentially inhibiting their ability to purchase our products or pay us for products delivered. our livestock product customers may offset rising costs by reducing spending on our products, including by switching to lower-cost alternatives to our products. in addition, concerns about the financial resources of pet owners also could cause veterinarians to alter their treatment recommendations in favor of lower-cost alternatives to our products. these shifts could result in a decrease in sales of our companion animal products, especially in developed countries where there is a higher rate of pet ownership.
our business could be adversely affected by labor disputes, strikes or work stoppages.
some of our employees are members of unions, works councils, trade associations or are otherwise subject to collective bargaining agreements in certain jurisdictions, including the u.s. as a result, we are subject to the risk of labor disputes, strikes, work stoppages and other labor-relations matters. we may be unable to negotiate new collective bargaining agreements on similar or more favorable terms and may experience work stoppages or other labor problems in the future at our sites. we could experience a disruption of our operations or higher ongoing labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, potentially resulting in canceled orders by customers, unanticipated inventory accumulation or shortages and reduced revenue and net income. we may also experience difficulty or delays in implementing changes to our workforce in certain markets. in addition, labor problems at our suppliers, cmos or other service providers could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
our business may be harmed if we are unable to retain and hire executive officers or other key personnel.
we depend on the efforts of our executive officers and certain key personnel, including research, technical, sales, marketing, manufacturing and administrative personnel. our ability to recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location and work environment. from time to time there may be shortages of skilled labor, which may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified employees or lead to increased labor costs. in addition, we generally do not enter into employment agreements with our executive officers and other key personnel. if we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and employees, we may not be able to maintain or expand our operations, or our business could be otherwise adversely affected and could, at least temporarily, have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
we may be required to write down goodwill or identifiable intangible assets.
under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (u.s. gaap), if we determine goodwill or identifiable intangible assets are impaired, we will be required to write down these assets and record a non-cash impairment charge. as of december 31, 2022, we had goodwill of $2.7 billion and identifiable intangible assets, less accumulated amortization, of $1.4 billion. identifiable intangible assets consist primarily of developed technology rights, brands, trademarks, license agreements, patents, acquired customer relationships and in-process r&d.
determining whether an impairment exists and the amount of the potential impairment involves quantitative data and qualitative criteria that are based on estimates and assumptions requiring significant management judgment. future events or new information may change management's valuation of an intangible asset in a short amount of time. the timing and amount of impairment charges recorded in our consolidated statements of income and write-downs recorded in our consolidated balance sheets could vary if management's conclusions change. any impairment of goodwill or identifiable intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial position.
risks related to our research and development our r&d, acquisition and licensing efforts may fail to generate new products and product lifecycle innovations.
our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. we commit substantial effort, funds and other resources to r&d, both through our own dedicated resources and through collaborations with third parties.
we may be unable to determine with accuracy when or whether any of our products now under development will be approved or launched, or we may be unable to develop, license or otherwise acquire product candidates or products. in addition, we cannot predict whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful or will achieve sales and revenue that are consistent with our expectations. the animal health industry is subject to regional and local trends and regulations and, as a result, products that are successful in some of our markets may not achieve similar
|
success when introduced into new markets. furthermore, the timing and cost of our r&d may increase, and our r&d may become less predictable. for example, changes in regulations applicable to our industry may make it more time-consuming and/or costly to research, develop and register products. if we are unable to generate new products or expand the use of our existing products, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected.
new product r&d leverages discoveries of pharmaceutical and biotechnology r&d. we have and expect to continue to enter into collaboration or licensing arrangements with third parties to provide us with access to molecules, compounds and other technology for purposes of our business. such agreements are typically complex and require time to negotiate and implement. if we enter into these arrangements, we may not be able to maintain these relationships or establish new ones in the future on acceptable terms or at all. in addition, any collaboration that we enter into may not be successful, and the success may depend on the efforts and actions of our collaborators, which we may not be able to control. if we are unable to access these technologies to conduct r&d on cost-effective terms, our ability to develop some types of new products could be limited.
we may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products.
new products may appear promising in development but fail to reach the market within the expected or optimal timeframe, or at all. in addition, product extensions or additional indications may not be approved. developing and commercializing new products subjects us to inherent risks and uncertainties, including (i) delayed or denied regulatory approvals, (ii) delays or challenges with producing products in accordance with regulatory requirements, on a commercial scale and at a reasonable cost; (iii) failure to accurately predict the market for new products; and (iv) efficacy and safety concerns. in addition, a failure to continue to identify and develop products, both internally and through external sources, could impact our future success. once necessary regulatory approvals are obtained, the commercial success of any new product depends upon, among other things, its acceptance by veterinarians and end customers, and on our ability to successfully manufacture, market, and distribute products in sufficient quantities to meet actual demand. the inability to successfully bring a product to market could negatively impact our revenues and earnings.
our r&d relies on evaluations in animals, which may become subject to bans or additional restrictive regulations.
the evaluation of our existing and new medicines and vaccines for animals is required in order to develop and commercialize them. animal testing in certain countries has been the subject of increased regulation, controversy and adverse publicity. our licenses or permits for animal testing could be revoked or put on hold due to animal welfare events that may occur. some organizations and individuals have attempted to ban animal testing or encourage the adoption of additional regulations applicable to animal testing and animal welfare. to the extent that the activities of such organizations and individuals are successful, our r&d, and by extension our operating results and financial condition, could be materially adversely affected. in addition, negative publicity about us or our industry could impact r&d projected timelines or harm our reputation or the reputation of our contract research organizations.
risks related to manufacturing and supply manufacturing problems and capacity imbalances may cause product launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls or unanticipated costs.
in order to sell our products, we must be able to produce and ship our products in sufficient quantities. on december 31, 2022, we had a global manufacturing network consisting of 29 manufacturing sites located in 12 countries. we also employ a network of 132 third-party cmos. many of our products involve complex manufacturing processes and are sole-sourced from certain manufacturing sites.
minor deviations in our or our suppliers' manufacturing or logistical processes, such as temperature excursions or improper package sealing, could result in delays, inventory shortages, unanticipated costs, product recalls, product liability and/or regulatory action. in addition, a number of factors could cause production interruptions, including:
•the failure of us or any of our vendors or suppliers, including logistical service providers, to comply with applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines, including any changes to good manufacturing practices (gmp);
•the failure to accurately forecast demand for our products;
•mislabeling;
•construction delays;
•equipment malfunctions;
•shortages of materials;
•labor problems, including any covid-related impacts;
•delays in receiving any required governmental authorizations or regulatory approvals, including as a result of any prolonged shutdown of the u.s. government;
•natural disasters and adverse weather conditions;
•power outages;
•criminal and terrorist activities;
•changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in types of products produced, shipping distributions or physical limitations; and
•the outbreak of any highly contagious diseases at or near our production sites.
these interruptions could result in launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls, unanticipated costs or issues with our agreements under which we supply third parties, which may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. for example, we have experienced challenges in manufacturing certain products including simparica trio, and the component parts of certain products including librela and solensia, that have impacted our ability to meet customer demand. as a result, we have had to take certain measures including placing limits on the amounts of product veterinarians could purchase and delayed the launch of the product in certain markets.
|
our manufacturing network, including our cmos, may be unable to meet the demand for our products or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. the unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand (including as a result of market conditions or entry of branded or generic competition) increase the potential for capacity imbalances. in addition, construction of sites is expensive, and our ability to recover costs will depend on the market acceptance and success of the products produced at the new sites, which is uncertain.
we rely on third parties to provide us with products, materials and services, and are subject to increased labor and material costs and potential disruptions in supply.
the materials used to manufacture our products may be subject to availability constraints and price volatility caused by changes in demand, weather conditions, supply conditions, government regulations, economic climate and other factors, including any impacts caused by the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, labor costs may be subject to volatility caused by the supply of labor, governmental regulations, economic climate and other factors. increases in the demand for, availability or the price of, materials used to manufacture our products and increases in labor costs could increase the costs to manufacture our products, result in product delivery delays or shortages, and impact our ability to launch new products on a timely basis or at all. we may not be able to pass all or a material portion of any higher product, material, transportation or labor costs on to our customers, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
certain third-party suppliers are the sole or exclusive source of certain products, materials and services necessary for production of our products. we may be unable to meet demand for certain of our products if any of our third-party suppliers cease or interrupt operations, fail to renew contracts with us or otherwise fail to meet their obligations to us.
there may be delays and additional costs due to changes to our existing manufacturing facilities and the construction of new manufacturing plants.
as part of our supply network strategy, we have invested and will continue to invest in improvements to our existing manufacturing facilities and in new manufacturing plants. in addition, certain of our existing manufacturing facilities are in the process of being upgraded. these types of projects are subject to risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any large construction project, and require licensure by various regulatory authorities. significant cost overruns or delays in completing these projects could have an adverse effect on the company's return on investment.
risks related to legal matters and regulation our business is subject to substantial regulation.
as a global company, we are subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations, including regulations relating to the development, quality assurance, manufacturing, importation, distribution, marketing and sale of our products. in addition, our manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspections by regulatory agencies. our failure, or the failure of third parties we rely on, including cmos, to comply with these regulatory requirements, allegations of such non-compliance or the discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or manufacturer could result in, among other things, inspection observation notices, warning letters or similar regulatory correspondence, fines, a partial or total shutdown of production in one or more of our facilities while an alleged violation is remediated, withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market, and civil or criminal prosecution, as well as decreased sales as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims. any one of these consequences could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
in addition, we will not be able to market new products unless and until we have obtained all required regulatory approvals in each jurisdiction where we propose to market those products. even after a product reaches market, it may be subject to re-review and may lose its approvals. we have changed, and may in the future change, the locations of where certain of our products are manufactured and, because of these changes, we may be required to obtain new regulatory approvals. our failure to obtain approvals, delays in the approval process, including any delays resulting from any prolonged shutdown of the u.s. government, or our failure to maintain approvals in any jurisdiction, may prevent us from selling products in that jurisdiction until approval or reapproval is obtained, if ever.
the ofac at the u.s. treasury department and the bureau of industry and security at the u.s. department of commerce (bis), and similar agencies in other countries and territories outside the u.s., administer certain laws and regulations that restrict its persons and, in some instances, extraterritorial persons, in conducting activities, transacting business with or making investments in certain countries, governments, entities and individuals subject to economic sanctions. our international operations subject us to these laws and regulations, which are complex, restrict our business dealings with certain countries, governments, entities, and individuals, and are constantly changing. for example, we sell limited humanitarian animal health products, including medicines, diagnostics and vaccines, to russia and iran, in compliance with economic sanctions affecting these countries. violations of sanctions regulations may be punishable by civil penalties, including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts and revocations or restrictions of licenses, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees and agents. for example, in december 2020, we submitted a final voluntary disclosure to ofac and the u.s. department of justice regarding certain transactions involving sales of food, medicine or devices to individuals or entities who may have been resident in or had ties to iran potentially in violation of the itsr administered by ofac. the sales were made by our platinum performance business, which we acquired in august 2019.
a failure to comply with the environmental, health and safety laws and regulations to which we are subject, including any permits issued thereunder, may result in environmental remediation costs, loss of permits, fines, penalties or other adverse governmental or private actions, including regulatory or judicial orders enjoining or curtailing operations or requiring corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment or remedial measures. we cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental, health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous materials will not materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
there has been a broad range of proposed and promulgated state, national and international regulation aimed at reducing the effects of climate change. such regulations apply or could apply in countries where we have interests or could have interests in the future. in the u.s., there is a significant possibility that some form of regulation will be enacted at the federal level to address the effects of climate change. such regulation could
|
take several forms that could result in additional costs in the form of investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations and taxes. climate change regulation continues to evolve, and it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation.
furthermore, we cannot predict the nature of future laws, regulations, or changes in tax laws and tariffs, nor can we determine the effect that additional laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations could have on our business when and if promulgated. changes in applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
we may incur substantial costs and receive adverse outcomes in litigation and other legal matters.
our operating results, financial condition and liquidity could be materially adversely affected by unfavorable results in pending or future litigation matters. in addition, changes in the interpretations of laws and regulations to which we are subject, or in legal standards in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we operate, could increase our exposure to liability. for example, in the u.s., attempts have been made to allow damages for emotional distress and pain and suffering in connection with the loss of, or injury to, a companion animal. if such attempts were successful, our exposure with respect to product liability claims could increase materially. we also sell certain nutritional and diagnostic products used in human health that could increase the scope of our liability.
litigation matters, regardless of their merits or their ultimate outcomes, are costly, divert management's attention and may materially adversely affect our reputation and demand for our products. we cannot predict with certainty the eventual outcome of pending or future litigation matters. an adverse outcome of litigation or legal matters could result in our being responsible for significant damages. any of these negative effects resulting from litigation matters could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
the illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit or illegally compounded versions of our products or of stolen, diverted or relabeled products could have a negative impact on our reputation and business.
third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit or illegally compounded versions of our products that do not meet the exacting standards of our development, manufacturing and distribution processes. counterfeit or illegally compounded medicines pose a significant risk to animal health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured and the lack of regulation of their contents. our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit or illegally compounded products which are alleged to be equivalent and/or which are sold under our brand name. we are aware of at least one pharmacy in brazil that may be engaged in the practice of illegally compounding oclacitinib, the active pharmaceutical ingredient in our apoquel product. we are also aware of some counterfeit versions of our simparica product in brazil and are coordinating with the local authorities. in addition, products stolen or unlawfully diverted from inventory, warehouses, plants or while in transit, which are not properly stored or which have an expired shelf life and which have been repackaged or relabeled and which are sold through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact animal health and safety, our reputation and our business. public loss of confidence in the integrity of vaccines and/or pharmaceutical products as a result of counterfeiting, illegally compounding or theft could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations.
the misuse or off-label use of our products may harm our reputation or result in financial or other damages.
our products have been approved for use under specific circumstances for the treatment of certain diseases and conditions in specific species. there may be increased risk of product liability claims and other liability if veterinarians, livestock producers, pet owners or others attempt to use our products off-label, including the use of our products in species (including humans) for which they have not been approved. in addition, certain of our products could be misused or abused by humans, which could expose us to liability. for example, ketamine, the active pharmaceutical ingredient in our ketaset product (a nonnarcotic agent for anesthetic use in cats), is abused by humans as a hallucinogen. furthermore, the use of our products for indications other than those indications for which our products have been approved may not be effective, which could harm our reputation and lead to an increased risk of litigation. if we are deemed by a governmental or regulatory agency to have engaged in the promotion of any of our products for off-label use, such agency could request that we modify our training or promotional materials and practices and we could be subject to significant fines and penalties, and the imposition of these sanctions could also affect our reputation and position within the industry. any of these events could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
our operations and reputation may be impacted if we do not comply with continually changing laws and regulations regarding data privacy.
we collect and use personal data of our customers, employees and suppliers, including health information in our human health business, in a variety of ways. in addition, we have been investing in data and digital capabilities and have expanded our diagnostics portfolio. as a result, we possess and process an increasing amount of personal data. our customers, employees and suppliers expect that we will adequately protect their data.
our collection, use, retention, storage, and sharing of personal data is subject to a variety of data privacy laws and regulations in the united states and other regions where we operate. the legal environment surrounding data privacy is demanding with the frequent imposition of new and changing regulatory requirements.
as a global company, we are faced with the challenge of how to manage a diverse patchwork of laws, rules, regulations and industry standards, including, but not limited to, the california consumer privacy act, the eu's general data protection regulation, the u.k.'s general data protection regulation, the brazilian general data protection law, and china's personal information protection law. these laws and regulations vary across countries, are complex and can be subject to significant change. any actual or perceived failure to comply with these current and future laws could result in significant consequences for zoetis. this includes substantial fines and penalties, regulatory investigations, and civil lawsuits with damages, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our business. in addition, the costs associated with compliance with these legal and regulatory requirements are significant and likely to increase in the future.
our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to environmental, social and governance ("esg") matters expose us to numerous risks, including risks to our reputation.
our driven to care sustainability program includes various esg aspirations and goals. these goal statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. our efforts to accomplish and accurately report on these goals and objectives present numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks, any of which could have a material negative impact, including on our reputation.
|
our ability to achieve any goal or objective, including with respect to environmental and diversity initiatives, is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. examples of such risks include: (1) the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources and technologies, (2) evolving regulatory requirements affecting esg standards or disclosures, (3) our ability to recruit, develop and retain diverse talent in our labor markets, and (4) the impact of our organic growth and acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or operations.
the standards for tracking and reporting on esg matters are relatively new, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. our processes and controls may not always align with evolving standards for identifying, measuring and reporting esg metrics, our interpretation of reporting standards that may be required by the sec, european and other regulators may differ from those of others and such standards may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. if our esg practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner or acquirer could be negatively impacted. similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals, targets and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could also have similar negative impacts and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation.
risks related to operating in foreign jurisdictions a significant portion of our operations are conducted in foreign jurisdictions, including jurisdictions presenting a high risk of bribery and corruption, and are subject to the economic, political, legal and business environments of the countries in which we do business.
our international operations could be limited or disrupted by any of the following:
•volatility in the international financial markets;
•difficulties enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights;
•theft or compromise of technology, data and intellectual property;
•parallel trade in our products (importation of our products from eu countries where our products are sold at lower prices into eu countries where the products are sold at higher prices);
•compliance with a wide variety of potentially changing and conflicting laws and regulations, such as the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act of 2010 and similar anti-bribery and corruption-related laws globally, including labor laws, tax laws, tariffs and those relating to environmental, health and safety requirements;
•political and social instability, including crime, civil disturbance, terrorist activities and armed conflicts;
•trade restrictions and restrictions on direct investments by foreign entities, including restrictions administered by ofac and the eu, in relation to our products or the products of farmers and other customers (e.g., restrictions on the importation of agricultural products from the eu to russia);
•government limitations on foreign ownership or government takeover or nationalization of our business;
•imposition of anti-dumping and countervailing duties or other trade-related sanctions;
•costs and difficulties and compliance risks in staffing, managing and monitoring international operations, including the use of overseas third-party goods and service providers;
•longer payment cycles and increased exposure to counterparty risk; and
•additional limitations on transferring personal information between countries or other restrictions on the processing of personal information.
while the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any of them could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. changes in any of these laws, regulations or requirements, or the political environment in a particular country, may affect our ability to engage in business transactions in certain markets, including investment, procurement and repatriation of earnings.
foreign exchange rate fluctuations and potential currency controls affect our results of operations, as reported in our financial statements.
we conduct operations in many areas of the world, involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. in 2022, we generated approximately 42% of our revenue in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, principally the euro, chinese renminbi, brazilian real, australian dollar, canadian dollar and british pound. we are subject to currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenue. in addition, because our financial statements are reported in u.s. dollars, changes in currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations.
we also face risks arising from currency devaluations and the imposition of cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls. currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing restrictions or controls. we currently have substantial operations in countries that have cash repatriation restrictions or exchange controls in place, including china, and, if we were to need to repatriate or convert such cash, these controls and restrictions may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
we may not be able to realize the expected benefits of our investments in emerging markets and are subject to certain risks due to our presence in emerging markets, including political or economic instability and failure to adequately comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
we have been taking steps to increase our presence in emerging markets. failure to continue to maintain and expand our business in emerging markets could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
some countries within emerging markets may be especially vulnerable to periods of local, regional or global economic, political or social instability or crisis. for example, our sales in certain emerging markets have suffered from extended periods of disruption due to natural disasters and adverse weather conditions. furthermore, we have also experienced lower than expected sales in certain emerging markets due to local, regional and global
|
restrictions on banking and commercial activities in those countries. in addition, certain emerging markets have currencies that fluctuate substantially, which may impact our financial performance. for example, in the past, our revenue in certain emerging markets in latin america has been adversely impacted by currency fluctuations and devaluations.
in addition, certain emerging markets have legal systems that are less developed or familiar to us. compliance with diverse legal requirements is costly and time-consuming and requires significant resources. in the event we believe or have reason to believe our employees have or may have violated applicable laws or regulations, we may be subject to investigation costs, potential penalties and other related costs which in turn could negatively affect our reputation and our results of operations.
risks related to tax matters the company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new u.s. or foreign tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities.
the multinational nature of our business subjects us to taxation in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. the company's future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation.
for example, in october 2021, the organisation for economic co-operation and development (oecd) announced that its members have agreed on a two-pillar approach to address the tax challenges of the digital economy. pillar one amends profit allocation and nexus rules to grant more taxing rights to countries where consumers are located regardless of the physical presence of the business. pillar two introduces common global minimum tax rules across the countries participating in the oecd inclusive framework. such rules, when implemented, would operate through top-up taxes and other measures if a multinational group's income is not subject to a sufficient level of tax in a particular jurisdiction. on december 15, 2022, the eu council confirmed its adoption of the pillar two 15% global minimum tax. under the directive, eu members have until december 31, 2023 to implement the minimum tax into their domestic law. in addition, global minimum tax legislation has been proposed and/or enacted in various other jurisdictions. these two pillars combined may represent a significant change in the international tax regime, and there is risk of an adverse impact to our effective tax rate, but the amount of such impact remains uncertain at this time.
in addition, our effective tax rate is subject to potential risks that various taxing authorities may challenge the pricing of our cross-border arrangements and subject us to additional tax, adversely impacting our effective tax rate and our tax liability. the company is also subject to the examination of its tax positions, tax returns and other tax matters by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. if the company's effective tax rates were to increase, particularly in the u.s. or other material foreign jurisdictions, or if the company's tax positions are either not sustained upon examination or only partially sustained, the company's operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
risks related to intellectual property the alleged intellectual property rights of third parties may negatively affect our business.
a third party may sue us, our distributors or licensors, or otherwise make a claim, alleging infringement or other violation of the third-party's patents, trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, trade secrets, domain names or other intellectual property rights. the costs of defending an intellectual property action are often substantial and could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, even if we successfully defend such action. moreover, even if we believe that we do not infringe a validly existing third-party patent, we may choose to license such patent, which would result in associated costs and obligations. we may also incur costs in connection with an obligation to compensate a distributor, licensor or other third party. the intellectual property positions of animal health medicines and vaccines businesses frequently involve complex legal and factual questions, and an issued patent does not provide the right to practice the patented technology or to develop, manufacture or commercialize the patented product. we cannot guarantee that a competitor or other third party does not have or will not obtain rights to intellectual property that, in the absence of a license, may prevent us from manufacturing, developing or marketing certain of our products, regardless of whether we believe such intellectual property rights are valid and enforceable, which may harm our operating results and financial condition.
if our intellectual property rights are challenged or circumvented, competitors may be able to take advantage of our research and development efforts.
our long-term success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. we rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of intellectual property, including patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright, trade secret, data protection, and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements with our employees and others, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. in addition, many of our vaccine products and other products are based on or incorporate proprietary information, including proprietary master seeds and proprietary or patented adjuvant formulations.
if we fail to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection, we may not be able to prevent third parties from using our proprietary technologies or from marketing products that are very similar or identical to ours. the validity, enforceability, scope and effective term of our intellectual property can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal and factual questions and proceedings that differ between jurisdictions. our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights also depends on the laws of individual countries and each country's practice with respect to enforcement of intellectual property rights. in addition, if we are unable to maintain our existing license agreements or other agreements pursuant to which third parties grant us rights to intellectual property, including because such agreements expire or are terminated, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.
we are regularly party to patent litigation and other intellectual property rights claims that are expensive and time consuming, and if resolved adversely, could have a significant impact on our business and financial condition.
|
risks related to information technology we may be unable to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyber-attacks, breaches of security or misappropriation of data, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure.
our reputation as a global leader in animal health and our reliance on complex information systems and digital solutions make us inherently vulnerable to malicious cyber intrusion and attack. in addition, we have been investing in data and digital capabilities and have expanded our diagnostics portfolio, and as a result, there could be an increased likelihood of a cyber-attack or breach of security that could negatively impact us or our customers. cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. cyber-attacks could include wrongful conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, and other means to threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. in addition, despite our efforts to protect sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, we (or our third party partners) may be vulnerable to material security breaches, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming errors, employee errors and/or malfeasance that could potentially lead to the compromise of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information (including confidential business information, trade secrets, intellectual property and corporate strategic plans), defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions.
the costs imposed on us as a result of a cyberattack or network disruption could be significant. among others, such costs could include increased expenditures on cyber security measures, litigation, regulatory investigations, fines, and sanctions, lost revenues from business interruption, damage to the public's perception regarding our ability to keep our information secure and significant remediation costs. as a result, a cyberattack or network disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.
we depend on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure.
we rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems to manage our operations, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. we also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our personnel, customers and suppliers around the world. system failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our customers, or delay our financial reporting. such failures could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
in addition, we depend on third parties and applications on virtualized (cloud) infrastructure to operate and support our information systems. these third parties include large established vendors, as well as many small, privately owned companies. failure by these providers to adequately support our operations or a change in control or insolvency of these providers could have an adverse effect on our business, which in turn may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
we may be unable to successfully manage our online ordering sites.
in many markets around the world, such as the u.s. and brazil, we provide online ordering sites to customers, often relying on third parties to host and support the application. the operation of our online business depends on our ability to maintain the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our online order-taking and fulfillment operations. risks associated with our online business include: disruptions in telephone or internet service or power outages; failures of the information systems that support our website, including inadequate system capacity, computer viruses, human error, changes in programming, security breaches, system upgrades or migration of these services to new systems; reliance on third parties for computer hardware and software as well as delivery of merchandise to our customers; rapid technology changes; credit card fraud; natural disasters or adverse weather conditions; power and network outages; changes in applicable federal and state regulations; liability for online content; and consumer privacy concerns. problems in any one or more of these areas could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and could damage our reputation.
risks related to our indebtedness we have substantial indebtedness.
we have a significant amount of indebtedness, which could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. as of december 31, 2022, we had approximately $8.0 billion of total unsecured indebtedness outstanding. in addition, we currently have agreements for a multi-year revolving credit facility and a commercial paper program, each with a capacity of up to $1.0 billion. while we currently do not have any amounts drawn under the credit facility nor any commercial paper issued under the commercial paper program, we may incur indebtedness under these arrangements in the future.
we may incur substantial additional debt from time to time to finance working capital, capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions, or for other purposes. if we do so, the risks related to our high level of debt could intensify. specifically, our high level of debt could have important consequences, including:
•making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt;
•limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, business development or other general corporate requirements, including dividends;
•increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings may in the future be at variable rates of interest;
•limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in the animal health industry;
•placing us at a competitive disadvantage to other, less leveraged competitors;
•impacting our effective tax rate; and
|
•increasing our cost of borrowing.
in addition, the instruments governing our indebtedness contain restrictive covenants that will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. our failure to comply with such covenants could result in an event of default, which could result in the acceleration of all our debt.
our credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in our senior notes. actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under further review for a downgrade, could affect the market prices of our securities and increase our borrowing costs.
we also hold certain interest rate swap agreements that have the economic effect of modifying the fixed interest obligations associated with our senior notes due 2028 so that a portion of the interest payable on these notes is effectively variable based on the london interbank offered rate (libor). in november 2020, the board of governors of the federal reserve system, the office of the comptroller of the currency, and the federal deposit insurance corporation (collectively, the agencies) issued a statement to encourage banks to transition away from u.s. dollar libor as soon as practicable and in any event by december 31, 2021. on december 31, 2021, the u.k. financial conduct authority and ice benchmark administration (the administrator of libor) ceased the british pound, euro, swiss franc and japanese yen libor panels and panels for 1-week and 2-month u.s. dollar libor, and the remaining u.s. dollar libor panels will cease after june 30, 2023. the alternative reference rates committee in the united states has proposed that the secured overnight financing rate (sofr) is the rate that represents best practice as the alternative to u.s dollar libor for use in derivatives and other financial contracts that are currently indexed to libor, however, it is unknown whether this or any other alternative reference rate will attain market acceptance as a replacement for libor. sofr is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by u.s. treasury securities, and is based on directly observable u.s. treasury-backed repurchase transactions. the discontinuance or modification of libor, the introduction of alternative reference rates or other reforms to libor could cause the interest rate calculated on our interest rate swap agreements associated with our senior notes due 2028 to be materially different than expected.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. we may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to dispose of material assets or operations, alter our dividend policy, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. we may not be able to effect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations.
in addition, we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries. accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness will depend on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries, including certain international subsidiaries, and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. in the event that we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness.
our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, may materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity and our ability to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness or pay dividends on our common stock.
we may not have the funds necessary to finance the change of control offer required by the indenture governing our senior notes.
upon the occurrence of a change of control of zoetis and a downgrade below investment grade by moody's investor services, inc. and s&p global ratings, a division of s&p global inc., we will be required to offer to repurchase all of our outstanding senior notes. however, we may not have sufficient funds available at the time of the change of control to finance the required change of control offer or restrictions in our then-existing debt instruments will not allow such repurchases. our failure to purchase the senior notes as required under the indenture would result in a default under the indenture, which could have material adverse consequences for us and the holders of the senior notes.
risks related to our relationship with pfizer pfizer's rights as licensor under the patent and know-how license could limit our ability to develop and commercialize certain products.
under the patent and know-how license agreement (pfizer as licensor) pfizer licenses to us certain of its intellectual property. if we fail to comply with our obligations under this license agreement and pfizer exercises its right to terminate it, our ability to continue to research, develop and commercialize products incorporating that intellectual property will be limited. in addition, in circumstances where pfizer has an interest in the licensed intellectual property in connection with its human health development programs, our rights to use the licensed intellectual property are restricted and/or, in limited instances, subject to pfizer's right to terminate such license at will. these limitations and termination rights may make it more difficult, time-consuming or expensive for us to develop and commercialize certain new products, or may result in our products being later to market than those of our competitors.
we are dependent on pfizer to prosecute, maintain and enforce certain intellectual property.
under the patent and know-how license agreement, pfizer is responsible for filing, prosecuting and maintaining patents that pfizer licenses to us. in the animal health field, pfizer has the first right, and in some cases the sole right, to enforce such licensed patents, and in the human health field, subject to certain exceptions, pfizer has the sole right to enforce the licensed patents. if pfizer fails to fulfill its obligations or chooses to not enforce the licensed patents under this agreement, we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competitive products, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
|
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
introduction our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is provided to assist readers in understanding our performance, as reflected in the results of our operations, our financial condition and our cash flows. this md&a should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the discussion in this md&a contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. our objective is to also provide discussion of material events and uncertainties known to management that are reasonably likely to cause reported financial information not to be indicative of future results, which could differ materially from historical performance and from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors such as those discussed in item 1a. risk factors and forward-looking statements and factors that may affect future results sections of this md&a.
a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 is presented below. a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 can be found under item 7 of part ii of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021, filed with the sec on february 15, 2022 (our "2021 annual report"), which is available free of charge on the sec's website at www.sec.gov.
overview of our business we are a global leader in the animal health industry, focused on the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of medicines, vaccines, diagnostic products and services, biodevices, genetic tests and precision animal health technology. for over 70 years, we have been innovating ways to predict, prevent, detect, and treat animal illness, and continue to stand by those raising and caring for animals worldwide - from veterinarians and pet owners to livestock farmers and ranchers.
we manage our operations through two geographic operating segments: the united states (u.s.) and international. within each of these operating segments, we offer a diversified product portfolio for both companion animals and livestock customers in order to capitalize on local and regional trends and customer needs. see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 19. segment information.
we directly market our products to veterinarians and livestock producers located in approximately 45 countries across north america, europe, africa, asia, australia and south america, and are a market leader in nearly all of the major regions in which we operate. through our efforts to establish an early and direct presence in many emerging markets, such as brazil, chile, china and mexico, we believe we are one of the largest animal health medicines and vaccines businesses as measured by revenue across emerging markets as a whole. in markets where we do not have a direct commercial presence, we generally contract with distributors that provide logistics and sales and marketing support for our products.
we believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. our research and development (r&d) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so that they remain relevant for our customers.
we have approximately 300 product lines that we sell in over 100 countries for the prediction, prevention, detection and treatment of diseases and conditions that affect various companion animal and livestock species. the diversity of our product portfolio and our global operations provides stability to our overall business. for instance, in livestock, impacts on our revenue that may result from disease outbreaks or weather conditions in a particular market or region are often offset by increased sales in other regions from exports and other species as consumers shift to other animal proteins.
a summary of our 2022 performance compared with the comparable 2021 and 2020 periods follows:
year ended december 31,                                  % change
(millions of dollars)                     2022                     2021                        2020                                     22/21                21/20
revenue                                               $8,080                      $7,776                      $6,675                    4                   16
net income attributable to zoetis                      2,114                       2,037                       1,638                    4                   24
adjusted net income(a)                                 2,297                       2,240                       1,844                    3                   21
(a)    adjusted net income is a non-gaap financial measure. see the non-gaap financial measures and adjusted net income sections of this md&a for more information.
our operating environment industry the animal health industry, which focuses on both companion animals and livestock, is a growing industry that impacts billions of people worldwide. the primary companion animal species are dogs, cats and horses. factors influencing growth in demand for companion animal medicines, vaccines and diagnostics include:
•economic development and related increases in disposable income, particularly in many emerging markets;
•increasing pet ownership and pet owners' commitment to the health and well-being of their pets;
•companion animals living longer;
•increasing medical treatment of companion animals; and
•advances in companion animal medicines, vaccines and diagnostics.
the primary livestock species for the production of animal protein are cattle (both beef and dairy), swine, poultry, fish and sheep. livestock health
|
and production are essential to meeting the growing demand for animal protein of a global population. factors influencing growth in demand for livestock medicines and vaccines include:
•human population growth and increasing standards of living, particularly in many emerging markets;
•increasing demand for improved nutrition, particularly animal protein;
•natural resource constraints, such as scarcity of arable land, fresh water and increased competition for cultivated land, resulting in fewer resources that will be available to meet an increasing demand for animal protein;
•increasing urbanization; and
•increased focus on food safety and food security.
manufacturing and supply in order to sell our products, we must be able to produce and ship our products in sufficient quantities. many of our products involve complex manufacturing processes and are sole-sourced from certain manufacturing sites. minor deviations in our manufacturing or logistical processes, such as temperature excursions or improper package sealing, could result in delays, inventory shortages, unanticipated costs, product recalls, product liability and/or regulatory action. in addition, a number of factors could cause production interruptions that could result in launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls, unanticipated costs or issues with our supply agreements with third parties.
in 2022, we experienced supply chain challenges for certain products including simparica trio, and the component parts of certain products including librela and solensia, and some of our other products, resulting from strong demand as well as competition for manufacturing inputs with human health vaccine development during the pandemic. our global manufacturing network team remains committed to addressing specific issues with ongoing supply chain optimizations, controlled launches for new products in additional markets and customer coordination. however, some of these challenges are expected to continue in 2023.
our manufacturing network may be unable to meet the demand for our products or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. the unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand increase the potential for capacity imbalances.
the overall economic environment in addition to industry-specific factors, we, like other businesses, face challenges related to global economic conditions, the current economic downturn and high inflation. growth in both the livestock and companion animal sectors is driven by overall economic development and related growth, particularly in many emerging markets. in the past, certain of our customers and suppliers have been affected directly by economic downturns or inflation, which decreased the demand for our products and, in some cases, hindered our ability to collect amounts due from customers.
the cost of medicines and vaccines to our livestock producer customers is small relative to other production costs, including feed, and the use of these products is intended to improve livestock producers' economic outcomes. as a result, demand for our products has historically been more stable than demand for other production inputs. similarly, industry sources have reported that pet owners indicated a preference for reducing spending on other aspects of their lifestyle, including entertainment, clothing and household goods, before reducing spending on pet care. each of these factors, plus our broad and innovative portfolio, contributes to our ability to incorporate inflationary challenges into our product pricing and mitigate the impact on our results. while these factors have mitigated the impact of prior downturns in the global economy, economic challenges, including the current economic downturn and inflation, could increase cost sensitivity among our customers, which may result in reduced demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
product development initiatives our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. we believe we are an industry leader in animal health r&d, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. the majority of our r&d programs focus on product lifecycle innovation, which is defined as r&d programs that leverage existing animal health products by adding new species or claims, achieving approvals in new markets or creating new combinations and reformulations. in addition to traditional medicines and vaccines, we develop products across additional categories to address the needs of veterinarians and producers to predict, prevent, detect and treat conditions in both companion animals and livestock, including products and services in diagnostics, genetics, precision animal health and digital and data analytics.
perceptions of product quality, safety and reliability we believe that animal health customers value high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply. the importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty, which often continues after the loss of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity. we depend on positive perceptions of the safety and quality of our products by our customers, veterinarians and end-users.
in addition, negative beliefs about animal health products generally could impact demand for our products. for example, the issue of the potential transfer of increased antibacterial resistance in bacteria from food-producing animals to human pathogens, and the causality of that transfer, continue to be the subject of global scientific and regulatory discussion. antibacterials refer to small molecules that can be used to treat or prevent bacterial infections and are a sub-categorization of the products that make up our anti-infectives and medicated feed additives portfolios. in some countries, this issue has led to government restrictions and bans on the use of specific antibacterials in some food-producing animals, regardless of the route of administration (in feed or injectable). these restrictions are more prevalent in countries where animal protein is plentiful and governments are willing to take action even when there is scientific uncertainty. in addition, consumer preferences in some markets have impacted the use of antibacterials in food producing animals. such restrictions and consumer preferences in some cases may negatively impact sales of our antibacterial products, but in other instances may increase sales of our products that can be used as antibacterial alternatives. our total revenue attributable to antibacterials for livestock was approximately $1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022.
|
similarly, concerns regarding greenhouse gas emissions and other potential environmental impacts of livestock production have led to some consumers opting to limit or avoid consuming animal products. however, we believe the impact of this trend is limited as the livestock industry is still expected to continue to grow in order to feed a growing global population.
changing distribution channels for companion animal products in most markets, companion animal owners typically purchase their animal health products directly from veterinarians. however, in the u.s. and certain other markets, companion animal owners increasingly have the option to purchase animal health products from sources other than veterinarians, such as internet-based retailers, "big-box" retail stores or other over-the-counter distribution channels. this trend has been demonstrated by the shift away from the veterinarian distribution channel in the sale of flea and tick products in recent years and has been accelerated by the increase in e-commerce during the covid-19 pandemic. we believe the ability of pet owners to purchase our products online and from retail stores may increase pet owner compliance and result in increased sales, particularly in the near term. however, over time, we may be unable to sustain our current margins due to the increased purchasing power of such retailers as compared to traditional veterinary practices.
in addition, this trend could negatively impact the sales of products we primarily sell through the veterinarian distribution channel, as any decrease in visits to veterinarians by companion animal owners could reduce our market share and sales of such products. a reduction in the number of pet owners who purchase our products directly from their veterinarian could also lead to increased use of generic alternatives to our products or the increased substitution of our products with other animal health products or human health products if such other products are deemed to be lower-cost alternatives.
competition the animal health industry is highly competitive. although our business is the largest based on revenue in the animal health industry (which includes medicines, vaccines and diagnostics), we face competition in the regions in which we operate. principal methods of competition vary depending on the particular region, species, product category or individual product. some of these methods include new product development, quality, price, service and promotion to veterinary professionals, pet owners and livestock producers. our competitors include standalone animal health businesses and the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies. in recent years, there has been an increase in consolidation in the animal health industry. there are also many start-up companies working in the animal health area. in addition to competition from established market participants, there could be new entrants to the animal health medicines, vaccines and diagnostics industry in the future. we also compete with companies that produce generic products, following our products' loss of exclusivity in a given market. for example, draxxin currently competes with generic products in key markets including the u.s., europe, canada, mexico and australia. since 2021, the first year of generic competition, sales of draxxin declined by 45% in the u.s., its largest market, and additional declines are expected in subsequent years. for more information regarding the generic competition we expect to encounter as patents on certain of our key products expire, see item 1. business - intellectual property.
russia's invasion of ukraine russia's invasion of ukraine and the global response, including sanctions imposed by the united states and other countries, have increased global economic and political uncertainty. as we announced on march 16, 2022, our first concern remains the safety of our colleagues and their families in ukraine. our operations in russia are focused on maintaining a supply of medicines and vaccines in compliance with any sanctions that are put in place. we do not directly source input materials or components from russia and do not have any manufacturing plants in russia or ukraine. this crisis did not have a material adverse effect on our results or financial condition during 2022 and we do not expect it to have a material adverse effect on our results or financial condition going forward.
covid-19 update we continue to closely monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and the resulting global economic downturn on all aspects of our business across geographies, including how it has and may continue to impact our customers, workforce, suppliers and vendors. we cannot predict the impact that the covid-19 pandemic will have on our customers, vendors and suppliers; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. the situation surrounding covid-19 remains fluid, and we will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take actions that alter our business operations that we determine are in the best interests of our workforce, customers, vendors, suppliers, and other stakeholders, or as required by federal, state, or local authorities. for further information regarding the impact of covid-19 on the company, see item 1a, risk factors in this annual report on form 10-k.
disease outbreaks sales of our livestock products have in the past, and may in the future be, adversely affected by the outbreak of disease carried by animals. outbreaks of disease may reduce regional or global sales of particular animal-derived food products or result in reduced exports of such products, either due to heightened export restrictions or import prohibitions, which may reduce demand for our products. also, the outbreak of any highly contagious disease near our main production sites could require us to immediately halt production of our products at such sites or force us to incur substantial expenses in procuring raw materials or products elsewhere. alternatively, sales of products that treat specific disease outbreaks may increase.
weather conditions, climate change and the availability of natural resources the animal health industry and demand for many of our animal health products in a particular region are affected by weather conditions, as usage of our products follows varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests, such as ticks. as a result, we may experience regional and seasonal fluctuations in our results of operations.
in addition, veterinary hospitals and practitioners depend on visits from and access to the animals under their care. veterinarians' patient volume and ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience prolonged snow, ice or other severe weather conditions, particularly in regions not accustomed to sustained inclement weather. furthermore, weather conditions, including excessive cold or heat, natural disasters and other events, could negatively impact our livestock customers by impairing the health or growth of their animals or the production or availability of feed, as well as disrupting their normal operations. for example, livestock producers depend on the availability of natural resources, including large supplies of fresh water. their animals' health and their ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience a shortage of fresh water due to human
|
population growth, climate change or floods, droughts or other weather conditions. in the event of adverse weather conditions, climate-change related impacts or a shortage of fresh water, veterinarians and livestock producers may purchase less of our products.
for example, drought conditions could negatively impact, among other things, the supply of corn and the availability of grazing pastures. a decrease in harvested corn results in higher corn prices, which could negatively impact the profitability of livestock producers of cattle, pork and poultry. higher corn prices and reduced availability of grazing pastures contribute to reductions in herd or flock sizes that in turn result in less spending on animal health products. as such, a prolonged drought could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.
adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and climate change may also impact the aquaculture business. changes in water temperatures could affect the timing of reproduction and growth of various fish species, as well as trigger the outbreak of certain waterborne diseases.
foreign exchange rates significant portions of our revenue and costs are exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates. our products are sold in more than 100 countries and, as a result, our revenue is influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates. for the year ended december 31, 2022, approximately 42% of our revenue was denominated in foreign currencies. we seek to manage our foreign exchange risk, in part, through operational means, including managing same-currency revenue in relation to same-currency costs and same-currency assets in relation to same-currency liabilities. as we operate in multiple foreign currencies, including the australian dollar, brazilian real, british pound, canadian dollar, chinese yuan, euro and other currencies, changes in those currencies relative to the u.s. dollar will impact our revenue, cost of goods and expenses, and consequently, net income. exchange rate fluctuations may also have an impact beyond our reported financial results and directly impact operations. these fluctuations may affect the ability to buy and sell our goods and services between markets impacted by significant exchange rate variances. for the year ended december 31, 2022, approximately 58% of our total revenue was in u.s. dollars. our year-over-year total revenue growth was unfavorably impacted by 4% from changes in foreign currency values relative to the u.s. dollar.
our growth strategies we seek to enhance the health of animals and to bring solutions to our customers who raise and care for them. we have a global presence in both developed and emerging markets and across eight core species. we intend to grow our business by pursuing the following core strategies:
•drive innovative growth - we seek to deliver new products and solutions as well as lifecycle innovations across the continuum of care that spans from disease prediction and prevention to detection and treatment. we are focused on innovating across vaccines, pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, genetics, biodevices, and other product segments, and across all core species. where appropriate, we complement internal r&d programs with external innovations;
•enhance customer experience - we believe that delighting our customers with compelling and personalized experiences that enable them to provide the best care for animals is critical for our success. we are focused on providing greater value to our customers through the integration and connectedness of our portfolio and by reducing frictions in the way they engage with us and our products and solutions;
•lead in digital and data analytics - we believe that healthcare insights enabled by data and digital technology and complemented with our comprehensive portfolio of products and solutions will be critical in enhancing care for animals and improving livestock productivity;
•cultivate a high-performing organization - we view the strength of our leadership team and our talented colleagues around the world as a critical component of our past and future success. we are committed to continuing to be a company our colleagues can be proud of and to attracting, retaining and developing the best, most diverse talent in the industry. we are further committed to sustaining a diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment for our colleagues; and
•champion a healthier, more sustainable future - as the world's leading animal health company, our business purpose is well aligned with our social purpose. we strive to make a meaningful difference in society through the three pillars of our sustainability approach: (1) by caring and collaborating with our customers, colleagues, and communities, and the animals that depend on them by improving access to care for animals, by creating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive work environment, and by supporting the veterinary profession; (2) by leveraging our innovation capabilities to develop solutions that improve productivity, keep animals healthy, and fight emerging infectious diseases; and (3) by taking actions to protect our planet that reduce our footprint on the environment.
components of revenue and costs and expenses our revenue, costs and expenses are reported for the year ended december 31 for each year presented, except for operations outside the u.s., for which the financial information is included in our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended november 30 for each year presented.
revenue our revenue is primarily derived from our diversified product portfolio of medicines, vaccines and diagnostic products and services used to treat and protect companion animals and livestock. generally, our products are promoted to veterinarians and livestock producers by our sales organization which includes sales representatives and technical and veterinary operations specialists, and then sold directly by us or through distributors, retailers or e-commerce outlets. the depth of our product portfolio enables us to address the varying needs of customers in different species and geographies. in 2022, our two top-selling products and product lines, simparica/simparica trio and apoquel, each contributed approximately 12% and 10% of our revenue, respectively, and combined with our next three top-selling products and product lines, cytopoint, revolution/revolution plus/stronghold and ceftiofur line, these five products and product lines contributed approximately 37% of our revenue. our ten top-selling products and product lines contributed 49% of our revenue. for additional information regarding our products, including descriptions of our product lines that each represented approximately 1% or more of our revenue in 2022, see item 1. business-products.
costs and expenses costs of sales consist primarily of cost of materials, facilities and other infrastructure used to manufacture our medicine and vaccine products, as well as costs to operate our reference labs and royalty expenses associated with the intellectual property of our products, when relevant.
|
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses consist of, among other things, the internal and external costs of marketing, promotion, advertising and shipping and handling as well as certain costs related to business technology, facilities, legal, finance, human resources, business development, public affairs and procurement.
research and development (r&d) expenses consist primarily of project costs specific to new product r&d and product lifecycle innovation, overhead costs associated with r&d operations and investments that support local market clinical trials for approved indications and expenses related to regulatory approvals for our products. we do not disaggregate r&d expenses by research stage or by therapeutic area for purposes of managing our business.
amortization of intangible assets consists primarily of the amortization expense for identifiable finite-lived intangible assets that have been acquired through business combinations. these assets consist of, but are not limited to, developed technology, brands and trademarks.
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs consist of all restructuring charges (those associated with acquisition activity and those associated with cost reduction/productivity initiatives), as well as costs associated with acquiring and integrating businesses. restructuring charges are associated with employees, assets and activities that will not continue in the company. acquisition-related costs are associated with acquiring and integrating acquired businesses, such as abaxis in 2018, and may include transaction costs and expenditures for consulting and the integration of systems and processes.
other (income)/deductions-net consists of various items, primarily net (gains)/losses on asset disposals, interest income, royalty-related income, foreign exchange translation (gains)/losses and certain asset impairment charges.
significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates in presenting our financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures. for a description of our significant accounting policies, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 3. significant accounting policies.
we believe that the following accounting policies are critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as they require the application of the most difficult, subjective and complex judgments and, therefore, could have the greatest impact on our financial statements: (i) fair value; (ii) revenue; (iii) asset impairment reviews; and (iv) contingencies.
below are some of our more critical accounting estimates. see also notes to consolidated financial statements-note 3. significant accounting policies: estimates and assumptions for a discussion about the risks associated with estimates and assumptions.
fair value for a discussion about the application of fair value to our long-term debt and financial instruments, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 9. financial instruments.
for a discussion about the application of fair value to our business combinations, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 3. significant accounting policies: fair value.
for a discussion about the application of fair value to our asset impairment reviews, see asset impairment reviews below.
revenue our gross product revenue is subject to deductions that are generally estimated and recorded in the same period that the revenue is recognized and primarily represents sales returns and revenue incentives. for example:
•for sales returns, we perform calculations in each market that incorporate the following, as appropriate: local returns policies and practices; returns as a percentage of revenue; an understanding of the reasons for past returns; estimated shelf life by product; an estimate of the amount of time between shipment and return or lag time; and any other factors that could impact the estimate of future returns, product recalls, discontinuation of products or a changing competitive environment; and
•for revenue incentives, we use our historical experience with similar incentives programs to estimate the impact of such programs on revenue.
if any of our ratios, factors, assessments, experiences or judgments are not indicative or accurate predictors of our future experience, our results could be materially affected. although the amounts recorded for these revenue deductions are dependent on estimates and assumptions, historically our adjustments to actual results have not been material. the sensitivity of our estimates can vary by program, type of customer and geographic location.
amounts recorded for revenue deductions can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely on estimates and assumptions. for further information about the risks associated with estimates and assumptions, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 3. significant accounting policies: estimates and assumptions.
asset impairment reviews we review all of our long-lived assets for impairment indicators throughout the year and we perform detailed testing whenever impairment indicators are present. in addition, we perform impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually. when necessary, we record charges for impairments of long-lived assets for the amount by which the fair value is less than the carrying value of these assets.
our impairment review processes are described below and in notes to consolidated financial statements-note 3. significant accounting policies: amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and certain long-lived assets and, for deferred tax assets, in note 3. significant accounting policies: deferred tax assets and liabilities and income tax contingencies.
|
examples of events or circumstances that may be indicative of impairment include:
•a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used. for example, restrictions imposed by the regulatory authorities could affect our ability to manufacture or sell a product; and
•a projection or forecast that demonstrates losses or reduced profits associated with an asset. this could result, for example, from the introduction of a competitor's product that results in a significant loss of market share or the inability to achieve the previously projected revenue growth, or from the lack of acceptance of a product by customers.
for finite-lived identifiable intangible assets, such as developed technology rights, and for other long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment, whenever impairment indicators are present, we calculate the undiscounted value of the projected cash flows associated with the asset, or asset group, and compare this estimated amount to the carrying amount. if the carrying amount is found to be greater, we record an impairment loss for the excess of book value over fair value. in addition, in all cases of an impairment review, we re-evaluate the remaining useful lives of the assets and modify them, as appropriate.
our impairment reviews of most of our long-lived assets depend on the determination of fair value, as defined by u.s. gaap, and these judgments can materially impact our results of operations. a single estimate of fair value can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely on estimates and assumptions. for information about the risks associated with estimates and assumptions, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 3. significant accounting policies: estimates and assumptions.
intangible assets other than goodwill we test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators exist, by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. if we conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test that compares the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset with its carrying value is performed. if the fair value is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized. impairments of identifiable intangible assets other than goodwill, are recorded in restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs and other (income)/deductions-net, as applicable. we did not have any material intangible asset impairment charges for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
when we are required to determine the fair value of intangible assets other than goodwill, we use an income approach, specifically the multi-period excess earnings method, also known as the discounted cash flow method. we start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows associated with the asset, which includes the application of a terminal value for indefinite-lived assets, and then we apply an asset-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections, the impact of technological risk associated with ipr&d assets, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the risks inherent in the projected cash flows; foreign currency fluctuations; and the effective tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity of the projected cash flows.
while all identifiable intangible assets can be impacted by events and thus lead to impairment, in general, identifiable intangible assets that are at the highest risk of impairment include ipr&d assets ($77 million as of december 31, 2022). ipr&d assets are higher-risk assets because r&d is an inherently risky activity.
for a description of our accounting policy, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 3. significant accounting policies: amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and certain long-lived assets.
goodwill goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of net assets of businesses purchased and is assigned to reporting units. we test goodwill for impairment on at least an annual basis, or more frequently if necessary, either by assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or by performing a periodic quantitative assessment.
factors considered in the qualitative assessment include general macroeconomic conditions, conditions specific to the industry and market, cost factors which could have a significant effect on earnings or cash flows, the overall financial performance of the reporting unit and whether there have been sustained declines in our share price. additionally, we evaluate the extent to which the fair value exceeded the carrying value of the reporting unit at the date of the last quantitative assessment performed.
when performing a quantitative assessment to test for goodwill impairment we utilize the income approach, which is forward-looking, and relies primarily on internal forecasts. within the income approach, the method that we use is the discounted cash flow method. we start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows associated with the reporting unit, which includes the application of a terminal value, and then apply a reporting unit-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of technological risk and competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the effective tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity of the projected cash flows.
we test goodwill for impairment on at least an annual basis, or more frequently if necessary, either by assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or by performing a periodic quantitative assessment. in 2022 and 2021, we performed a periodic quantitative impairment assessment as of september 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which did not result in the impairment of goodwill associated with any of our reporting units.
for all of our reporting units, there are a number of future events and factors that may impact future results and that could potentially have an impact on the outcome of subsequent goodwill impairment testing. for a list of these factors, see forward-looking statements and factors that may affect future results.
|
for a description of our accounting policy, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 3. significant accounting policies: amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and certain long-lived assets.
contingencies for a discussion about income tax contingencies, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 8d. tax matters: tax contingencies.
for a discussion about legal contingencies, guarantees and indemnifications, see notes to consolidated financial statement-note 18. commitments and contingencies.
non-gaap financial measures we report information in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). management also measures performance using non-gaap financial measures that may exclude certain amounts from the most directly comparable gaap measure. despite the importance of these measures to management in goal setting and performance measurement, non-gaap financial measures have no standardized meaning prescribed by u.s. gaap and, therefore, have limits in their usefulness to investors and may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies. we present certain identified non-gaap measures solely to provide investors with useful information to more fully understand how management assesses performance.
operational growth we believe that it is important to not only understand overall revenue and earnings growth, but also "operational growth." operational growth is a non-gaap financial measure defined as revenue or earnings growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange. this measure provides information on the change in revenue and earnings as if foreign currency exchange rates had not changed between the current and prior periods to facilitate a period-to-period comparison. we believe this non-gaap measure provides a useful comparison to previous periods for the company and investors, but should not be viewed as a substitute for u.s. gaap reported growth.
adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share adjusted net income and the corresponding adjusted earnings per share (eps) are non-gaap financial measures of performance used by management. we believe these financial measures are useful supplemental information to investors when considered together with our u.s. gaap financial measures. we report adjusted net income to portray the results of our major operations, and the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of our products, prior to considering certain income statement elements. we define adjusted net income and adjusted eps as net income attributable to zoetis and eps before the impact of purchase accounting adjustments, acquisition-related costs and certain significant items.
we recognize that, as an internal measure of performance, the adjusted net income and adjusted eps measures have limitations, and we do not restrict our performance management process solely to these metrics. a limitation of the adjusted net income and adjusted eps measures is that they provide a view of our operations without including all events during a period, such as the effects of an acquisition or amortization of purchased intangibles, and do not provide a comparable view of our performance to other companies. the adjusted net income and adjusted eps measures are not, and should not be viewed as, a substitute for u.s. gaap reported net income attributable to zoetis and reported eps. see the adjusted net income section below for more information.
|
analysis of the consolidated statements of income the following discussion and analysis of our consolidated statements of income should be read along with our consolidated financial statements, and the notes thereto.
year ended december 31,                                    % change
(millions of dollars)                                                               2022                        2021                        2020                  22/21                21/20
revenue                                                                       $8,080                      $7,776                      $6,675                      4                   16
costs and expenses:
cost of sales(a)                                                               2,454                       2,303                       2,057                      7                   12
% of revenue                                                                    30.4   %                    29.6   %                    30.8   %
selling, general and administrative expenses(a)                                2,009                       2,001                       1,726                      0                   16
% of revenue                                                                      25   %                      26   %                      26   %
research and development expenses(a)                                             539                         508                         463                                          10
% of revenue                                                                           %                       7   %                       7   %
amortization of intangible assets(a)                                             150                         161                         160                    (7)                    1
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs                       11                          43                          25                   (74)                   72
interest expense, net of capitalized interest                                    221                         224                         231                    (1)                  (3)
other (income)/deductions-net                                                     40                          48                          17                   (17)                        *
income before provision for taxes on income                                    2,656                       2,488                       1,996                      7                   25
% of revenue                                                                      33   %                      32   %                      30   %
provision for taxes on income                                                    545                         454                         360                     20                   26
effective tax rate                                                              20.5   %                    18.2   %                    18.0   %
net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests                       2,111                       2,034                       1,636                      4                   24
less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                          (3)                         (3)                         (2)                      -                   50
net income attributable to zoetis                                             $2,114                      $2,037                      $1,638                      4                   24
% of revenue                                                                      26   %                      26   %                      25   %
* calculation not meaningful.
(a)    amortization expense related to finite-lived acquired intangible assets that contribute to our ability to sell, manufacture, research, market and distribute products, compounds and intellectual property is included in amortization of intangible assets as these intangible assets benefit multiple business functions. amortization expense related to finite-lived acquired intangible assets that are associated with a single function is included in cost of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses or research and development expenses, as appropriate.
revenue total revenue by operating segment was as follows:
year ended december 31,                                  % change
(millions of dollars)                                             2022                        2021                        2020                22/21                21/20
u.s.                                                        $4,313                      $4,042                      $3,557                    7                   14
international                                                3,681                       3,652                       3,035                    1                   20
total operating segments                                     7,994                       7,694                       6,592                    4                   17
contract manufacturing &amp; human health                       86                          82                          83                    5                  (1)
total revenue                                               $8,080                      $7,776                      $6,675                    4                   16
on a global basis, the mix of revenue between companion animal and livestock products was as follows:
year ended december 31,                                  % change
(millions of dollars)                                             2022                        2021                        2020                22/21                21/20
companion animal                                            $5,203                      $4,689                      $3,652                   11                   28
livestock                                                    2,791                       3,005                       2,940                  (7)                    2
contract manufacturing &amp; human health                       86                          82                          83                    5                  (1)
total revenue                                               $8,080                      $7,776                      $6,675                    4                   16
2022 vs. 2021
total revenue increased by $304 million, or 4%, in 2022 compared with 2021 reflecting operational revenue growth of $609 million, or 8%. operational revenue growth was primarily due to the following:
•volume growth from new products of approximately 4%;
•price growth of approximately 3%; and
•volume growth from key dermatology products of approximately 2%, partially offset by:
•volume decrease from other in-line products of approximately 1%.
foreign exchange decreased our reported revenue growth by approximately 4%.
38 |
costs and expenses cost of sales year ended december 31,                                  % change
(millions of dollars)                           2022                        2021                        2020                22/21                21/20
cost of sales                             $2,454                      $2,303                      $2,057                    7                   12
% of revenue                                30.4   %                    29.6   %                    30.8   %
2022 vs. 2021
cost of sales as a percentage of revenue was 30.4% in 2022, compared with 29.6% in 2021. the increase was primarily as a result of:
•unfavorable manufacturing and other costs;
•unfavorable foreign exchange;
•higher freight and import costs; and
• inventory obsolescence, scrap and other charges, partially offset by:
•favorable product mix; and
•price increases.
selling, general and administrative expenses year ended december 31,                                  % change
(millions of dollars)                                                2022                        2021                        2020                22/21                21/20
selling, general and administrative expenses                   $2,009                      $2,001                      $1,726                    0                   16
% of revenue                                                       25   %                      26   %                      26   %
2022 vs. 2021
sg&a expenses increased by $8 million, or 0%, in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily as a result of:
•an increase in certain compensation-related costs primarily due to additional headcount;
•higher travel and entertainment expenses;
•higher freight and logistics costs;
•investments in information technology; and
•higher bad debt reserves for accounts receivables, partially offset by:
•a decrease in certain compensation-related costs due to lower bonus and incentive related expenses:
•favorable foreign exchange; and
•charitable contributions in the prior year.
research and development expenses year ended december 31,   % change
(millions of dollars)                     2022                                      2021                      2020   22/21                    21/20
research and development expenses                     $539                      $508                      $463                   10
% of revenue                                                 %                     7   %                     7   %
2022 vs. 2021
r&d expenses increased by $31 million, or 6%, in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily as a result of:
•an increase in certain compensation-related costs to support innovation;
•higher other operating costs; and
•increased spending driven by project investments, partially offset by:
•favorable foreign exchange.
amortization of intangible assets year ended december 31,                         % change
(millions of dollars)                     2022                   2021                      2020                          22/21                21/20
amortization of intangible assets                     $150                      $161                      $160         (7)       1
2022 vs. 2021
amortization of intangible assets decreased in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily due to assets that became fully amortized in the current year.
39 |
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs year ended december 31,                           % change
(millions of dollars)                                             2022                 2021                    2020                          22/21                21/20
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs                  $11                     $43                     $25          (74)       72
2022 vs. 2021
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs were $11 million and $43 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs in 2022 primarily consisted of integration and acquisition costs related to recent acquisitions, employee termination and exit costs associated with cost-reduction and productivity initiatives in certain international markets and asset impairment charges related to the consolidation of manufacturing sites in china. restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs in 2021 primarily consisted of employee termination costs associated with the realignment of our international operations and other costs associated with cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, asset impairment charges related to the consolidation of manufacturing sites in china and integration costs related to recent acquisitions.
for additional information regarding restructuring charges and acquisition-related costs, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 6. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions, cost-reduction and productivity initiatives.
interest expense, net of capitalized interest year ended december 31,                         % change
(millions of dollars)                                 2022                   2021                      2020                          22/21                21/20
interest expense, net of capitalized interest                     $221                      $224                      $231         (1)                  (3)
2022 vs. 2021
interest expense, net of capitalized interest, decreased by $3 million, or 1%, in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily as a result of the redemption, upon maturity, of the $300 million aggregate principal amount of our 2018 floating rate senior notes and the $300 million aggregate principal amount of our 2018 senior notes in august 2021, as well as higher gains on foreign exchange derivative instruments, partially offset by the issuance of $1.35 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes in november 2022.
other (income)/deductions-net year ended december 31,                           % change
(millions of dollars)               2022                 2021                    2020                          22/21            21/20
other (income)/deductions-net                  $40                     $48                     $17          (17)                *
* calculation not meaningful.
2022 vs. 2021
the change in other (income)/deductions-net is primarily as a result of higher interest income and fair value adjustments of contingent consideration liabilities for certain acquisitions, partially offset by higher foreign currency losses and asset impairment charges in the current year.
provision for taxes on income year ended december 31,                                  % change
(millions of dollars)                               2022                      2021                      2020                22/21                21/20
provision for taxes on income                   $545                      $454                      $360                   20                   26
effective tax rate                              20.5   %                  18.2   %                  18.0   %
the income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income includes tax costs and benefits, such as uncertain tax positions, repatriation decisions and audit settlements, among others.
2022 vs. 2021
our effective tax rate was 20.5% for 2022, compared with 18.2% for 2021. the higher effective tax rate for 2022 was attributable to a less favorable jurisdictional mix of earnings (which includes the impact of the location of earnings and repatriation costs), a lower benefit in the u.s. related to foreign-derived intangible income and lower net discrete tax benefits in 2022. jurisdictional mix of earnings can vary depending on repatriation decisions, operating fluctuations in the normal course of business and the impact of non-deductible and non-taxable items.
on august 16, 2022, the u.s. inflation reduction act of 2022 (the "ira") was enacted which, among other changes, implements a 15% alternative minimum tax on financial statement income of certain large corporations, a 1% excise tax on net stock repurchases and several tax incentives to promote clean energy. the alternative minimum tax and excise tax are effective for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2022 and the incentives to promote clean energy have various different effective dates. we do not currently expect the ira to have a material impact on our financial results, including our annual estimated effective tax rate.
operating segment results beginning in the first quarter of 2021, certain costs associated with information technology that specifically support our global manufacturing operations, which were previously reported in other unallocated, are now reported in corporate. in addition, in the first quarter of 2021, the company realigned certain management responsibilities. these changes did not impact the determination of our operating segments, however they resulted in the reallocation of certain costs between segments. these changes primarily include the following: (i) certain diagnostics costs, which were previously reported in corporate, are now reported in our u.s. results; and (ii) certain other miscellaneous costs, which were previously reported in our u.s. results, are now reported in corporate.
40 |
on a global basis, the mix of revenue between companion animal and livestock products was as follows:
% change
22/21                                                                               21/20
related to                                                                          related to year ended december 31,                                      foreign exchange                                                                        foreign exchange
(millions of dollars)                                     2022             2021             2020                total                                        operational                   total                                   operational u.s.
companion animal                                   $3,341           $2,990           $2,391                    12                            -                                12                        25                           -                            25
livestock                                             972            1,052            1,166                   (8)                            -                               (8)                      (10)                           -                          (10)
4,313            4,042            3,557                     7                            -                                 7                        14                           -                            14
international companion animal                                    1,862            1,699            1,261                    10                          (9)                                19                        35                           5                            30
livestock                                           1,819            1,953            1,774                   (7)                          (7)                                 -                        10                           2                             8
3,681            3,652            3,035                     1                          (8)                                 9                        20                           3                            17
total companion animal                                    5,203            4,689            3,652                    11                          (3)                                14                        28                           1                            27
livestock                                           2,791            3,005            2,940                   (7)                          (5)                               (2)                         2                           1                             1
contract manufacturing &amp; human health              86               82               83                     5                          (2)                                 7                       (1)                           -                           (1)
$8,080           $7,776           $6,675                     4                          (4)                                 8                        16                           1                            15
earnings by segment and the operational and foreign exchange changes versus the comparable prior year period were as follows:
% change
22/21                                                             21/20
related to                                                        related to year ended december 31,                               foreign exchange                                                  foreign exchange
(millions of dollars)                            2022             2021             2020                  total             operational                   total       operational u.s.                                      $2,763           $2,569           $2,239                       8                   -               8                          15                     -              15
international                              1,990            1,948            1,547                       2                (10)              12                          26                     5              21
total reportable segments                  4,753            4,517            3,786                       5                 (5)              10                          19                     2              17
other business activities                  (424)            (406)            (372)                       4                                                               9
reconciling items:
corporate                                (1,073)          (1,052)            (879)                       2                                                              20
purchase accounting adjustments            (160)            (175)            (198)                     (9)                                                            (12)
acquisition-related costs                    (5)             (12)             (18)                    (58)                                                            (33)
certain significant items                   (56)             (73)             (43)                    (23)                                                              70
other unallocated                          (379)            (311)            (280)                      22                                                              11
income before income taxes                $2,656           $2,488           $1,996                       7                                                              25
2022 vs. 2021
u.s. operating segment u.s. segment revenue increased by $271 million, or 7%, in 2022 compared with 2021, of which $351 million resulted from growth in companion animal products, offset by a $80 million decline in livestock products.
•companion animal revenue growth was driven primarily by increased sales of parasiticides, primarily simparica trio. in-line product growth benefited from increased sales of our key dermatology portfolio and vaccines, partially offset by declines in small animal diagnostics.
•livestock revenue declined due to cattle and poultry, partially offset by growth in swine. sales of cattle products declined as a result of generic competition, supply constraints  and unfavorable market conditions, including increased input costs and dry weather conditions. sales of products in our poultry portfolio declined due to generic competition for zoamix, the company's alternative to antibiotics in medicated feed additives. sales of swine products grew as a result of favorable market conditions for producers and increased disease prevalence.
u.s. segment earnings increased by $194 million, or 8%, in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily due to revenue and gross margin growth, partially offset by higher operating expenses.
international operating segment international segment revenue increased by $29 million, or 1%, in 2022 compared with 2021. operational revenue growth was $332 million, or 9%, reflecting growth of $323 million in companion animal products and $9 million in livestock products.
•companion animal operational revenue growth resulted primarily from increased sales of our key dermatology portfolio, the recent launches of our mab products, librela and solensia, and growth in the simparica franchise. growth across the broader in-line portfolio benefited from increased pet ownership and standards of care.
|
•livestock operational revenue growth was due to increased sales of fish, sheep, poultry and cattle products, partially offset by decreased sales of swine products. growth in our fish portfolio was primarily the result of increased sales of vaccines across key salmon markets, including norway and chile. sales of sheep products grew as a result of favorable market conditions and new product launches in australia. sales of poultry products grew due to price, market growth and demand generation efforts in key poultry markets. sales of cattle products grew due to favorable market conditions and price in key and emerging markets, including australia, turkey, argentina and china, partially offset by supply constraints and unfavorable market conditions in brazil. sales of swine products decreased due to lower pork prices and covid-related lockdowns in china, which temporarily impacted our supply chain in the market, as well as a difficult comparative period versus the prior year. swine was also impacted by supply constraints across other international markets, as well as lower sales across europe due to reduced exports to china and higher input costs for producers.
•additionally, international segment revenue was unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange which decreased revenue by approximately $303 million, or 8%, primarily driven by the euro, turkish lira, japanese yen, british pound and australian dollar.
international segment earnings increased by $42 million, or 2%, in 2022 compared with 2021. operational earnings growth was $239 million, or 12%, primarily due to revenue and gross margin growth, partially offset by higher operating expenses.
other business activities other business activities includes our client supply services contract manufacturing results, our human health business and expenses associated with our dedicated veterinary medicine research and development organization, research alliances, u.s. regulatory affairs and other operations focused on the development of our products. other r&d-related costs associated with non-u.s. market and regulatory activities are generally included in the international segment.
2022 vs. 2021
other business activities net loss increased by $18 million, or 4%, in 2022 compared with 2021, reflecting an increase in r&d costs due to an increase in compensation-related costs to support innovation, increase in facility costs and an increase in project investments, partially offset by favorable foreign exchange and higher earnings in our human health business.
reconciling items reconciling items include certain costs that are not allocated to our operating segments results, such as costs associated with the following:
•corporate, which includes certain costs associated with information technology, facilities, legal, finance, human resources, business development and communications, among others. these costs also include certain compensation costs, certain procurement costs, and other miscellaneous operating expenses that are not charged to our operating segments, as well as interest income and expense;
•certain transactions and events such as (i) purchase accounting adjustments, which includes expenses associated with the amortization of fair value adjustments to inventory, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment; (ii) acquisition-related activities, which includes costs for acquisitions and integration; and (iii) certain significant items, which includes non-acquisition-related restructuring charges, certain asset impairment charges, certain legal and commercial settlements, and costs associated with cost reduction/productivity initiatives; and
•other unallocated, which includes (i) certain overhead expenses associated with our global manufacturing operations not charged to our operating segments; (ii) certain costs associated with finance that specifically support our global manufacturing operations; (iii) certain supply chain and global logistics costs; and (iv) certain procurement costs.
2022 vs. 2021
corporate expenses increased by $21 million, or 2%, in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily due to unfavorable foreign exchange and investments in information technology, partially offset by lower compensation-related costs and interest expense, as well as higher interest income and charitable contributions in the prior year.
other unallocated expenses increased by $68 million, or 22%, in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily due to higher manufacturing costs and freight charges, partially offset by favorable foreign exchange.
see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 19. segment information for further information.
adjusted net income general description of adjusted net income (a non-gaap financial measure)
adjusted net income is an alternative view of performance used by management, and we believe that investors' understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing this performance measure. the adjusted net income measure is an important internal measurement for us. additionally, we measure our overall performance on this basis in conjunction with other performance metrics. the following are examples of how the adjusted net income measure is utilized:
•senior management receives a monthly analysis of our operating results that is prepared on an adjusted net income basis;
•our annual budgets are prepared on an adjusted net income basis; and
•other goal setting and performance measurements.
purchase accounting adjustments adjusted net income is calculated prior to considering certain significant purchase accounting impacts that result from business combinations and net asset acquisitions. these impacts, primarily associated with certain acquisitions, include amortization related to the increase in fair value of the acquired finite-lived intangible assets and depreciation related to the increase/decrease to fair value of the acquired fixed assets. therefore, the adjusted net income measure includes the revenue earned upon the sale of the acquired products without considering the aforementioned significant charges.
|
while certain purchase accounting adjustments can occur through 20 or more years, this presentation provides an alternative view of our performance that is used by management to internally assess business performance. we believe the elimination of amortization attributable to acquired intangible assets provides management and investors an alternative view of our business results by providing a degree of parity to internally developed intangible assets for which r&d costs previously have been expensed.
a completely accurate comparison of internally developed intangible assets and acquired intangible assets cannot be achieved through adjusted net income. these components of adjusted net income are derived solely from the impact of the items listed above. we have not factored in the impact of any other differences in experience that might have occurred if we had discovered and developed those intangible assets on our own, and this approach does not intend to be representative of the results that would have occurred in those circumstances. for example, our r&d costs in total, and in the periods presented, may have been different; our speed to commercialization and resulting revenue, if any, may have been different; or our costs to manufacture may have been different. in addition, our marketing efforts may have been received differently by our customers. as such, in total, there can be no assurance that our adjusted net income amounts would have been the same as presented had we discovered and developed the acquired intangible assets.
acquisition-related costs adjusted net income is calculated prior to considering transaction and integration costs associated with significant business combinations or net asset acquisitions because these costs are unique to each transaction and represent costs that were incurred to acquire and integrate certain businesses as a result of the acquisition decision. we have made no adjustments for the resulting synergies.
we believe that viewing income prior to considering these charges provides investors with a useful additional perspective because the significant costs incurred in a business combination result primarily from the need to eliminate duplicate assets, activities or employees--a natural result of acquiring a fully integrated set of activities. for this reason, we believe that the costs incurred to convert disparate systems, to close duplicative facilities or to eliminate duplicate positions (for example, in the context of a business combination) can be viewed differently from those costs incurred in the ordinary course of business.
the integration costs associated with a business combination may occur over several years, with the more significant impacts generally ending within three years of the transaction. because of the need for certain external approvals for some actions, the span of time needed to achieve certain restructuring and integration activities can be lengthy. for example, due to the regulated nature of the animal health medicines, vaccines and diagnostic business, the closure of excess facilities can take several years, as all manufacturing changes are subject to extensive validation and testing and must be approved by the fda and/or other regulatory authorities.
certain significant items adjusted net income is calculated excluding certain significant items. certain significant items represent substantive, unusual items that are evaluated on an individual basis. such evaluation considers both the quantitative and the qualitative aspect of their unusual nature. unusual, in this context, may represent items that are not part of our ongoing business; items that, either as a result of their nature or size, we would not expect to occur as part of our normal business on a regular basis; items that would be nonrecurring; or items that relate to products that we no longer sell. while not all-inclusive, examples of items that could be included as certain significant items would be costs related to a major non-acquisition-related restructuring charge and associated implementation costs for a program that is specific in nature with a defined term, such as those related to our non-acquisition-related cost-reduction and productivity initiatives; amounts related to disposals of products or facilities that do not qualify as discontinued operations as defined by u.s. gaap; certain asset impairments; adjustments related to the resolution of certain tax positions; significant currency devaluation; the impact of adopting certain significant, event-driven tax legislation; costs related to our ceo transition in fiscal 2020; or charges related to legal matters. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 18. commitments and contingencies. our normal, ongoing defense costs or settlements of and accruals on legal matters made in the normal course of our business would not be considered certain significant items.
reconciliation a reconciliation of net income attributable to zoetis, as reported under u.s. gaap, to adjusted net income follows:
year ended december 31,                                      % change
(millions of dollars)                                                   2022                        2021                        2020                  22/21                  21/20
gaap reported net income attributable to zoetis                   $2,114                      $2,037                      $1,638                      4                     24
purchase accounting adjustments-net of tax                           120                         136                         142                   (12)                    (4)
acquisition-related costs-net of tax                                   4                          10                          19                   (60)                   (47)
certain significant items-net of tax                                  59                          57                          45                      4                     27
non-gaap adjusted net income(a)                                   $2,297                      $2,240                      $1,844                      3                     21
(a)    the effective tax rate on adjusted pretax income is 20.3%, 18.6% and 18.3% in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the higher effective tax rate for 2022, compared with 2021, was attributable to a less favorable jurisdictional mix of earnings (which includes the impact of the location of earnings and repatriation costs), a lower benefit in the u.s. related to foreign-derived intangible income and lower net discrete tax benefits in 2022. jurisdictional mix of earnings can vary depending on repatriation decisions, operating fluctuations in the normal course of business and the impact of non-deductible and non-taxable items.
the higher effective tax rate for 2021, compared with 2020, was primarily attributable to changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, which includes the impact of the location of earnings, repatriation costs, operating fluctuations in the normal course of business and the impact of non-deductible and non-taxable items, as well as higher net discrete tax benefits in 2020, partially offset by a benefit in the u.s. related to foreign-derived intangible income in 2021.
43 |
a reconciliation of reported diluted earnings per share (eps), as reported under u.s. gaap, to non-gaap adjusted diluted eps follows:
year ended december 31,                                      % change
2022                      2021                      2020                  22/21                  21/20
earnings per share-diluted(a):
gaap reported eps attributable to zoetis-diluted                    $4.49                     $4.27                     $3.42                      5                     25
purchase accounting adjustments-net of tax                           0.26                      0.29                      0.30                   (10)                    (3)
acquisition-related costs-net of tax                                 0.01                      0.02                      0.04                   (50)                   (50)
certain significant items-net of tax                                 0.12                      0.12                      0.09                      -                     33
non-gaap adjusted eps-diluted                                       $4.88                     $4.70                     $3.85                      4                     22
(a)    diluted earnings per share was computed using the weighted-average common shares outstanding during the period plus the common stock equivalents related to stock options, restricted stock units, performance-vesting restricted stock units and deferred stock units.
adjusted net income includes the following charges for each of the periods presented:
year ended december 31,
(millions of dollars)                                                 2022                      2021                      2020
interest expense, net of capitalized interest                     $221                      $224                      $231
interest income                                                   (50)                       (6)                      (12)
income taxes                                                       583                       511                       413
depreciation                                                       266                       236                       202
amortization                                                        40                        37                        40
adjusted net income, as shown above, excludes the following items:
year ended december 31,
(millions of dollars)                                                                                                             2022                      2021                      2020
purchase accounting adjustments:
amortization and depreciation                                                                                                 $160                      $175                      $198
total purchase accounting adjustments-pre-tax                                                                                  160                       175                       198
income taxes(a)                                                                                                                 40                        39                        56
total purchase accounting adjustments-net of tax                                                                               120                       136                       142
acquisition-related costs:
integration costs                                                                                                                4                        10                        17
transaction costs                                                                                                                1                         -                         -
restructuring costs                                                                                                              -                         2                         1
total acquisition-related costs-pre-tax                                                                                          5                        12                        18
income taxes(a)                                                                                                                  1                         2                       (1)
total acquisition-related costs-net of tax                                                                                       4                        10                        19
certain significant items:
operational efficiency initiative(b)                                                                                             -                         -                      (18)
other restructuring charges and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives(c)                                                       8                        24                        11
certain asset impairment charges(d)                                                                                             47                        46                        37
net loss on sale of assets                                                                                                       -                         3                         -
other(e)                                                                                                                         1                         -                        13
total certain significant items-pre-tax                                                                                         56                        73                        43
income taxes(a)                                                                                                                (3)                        16                       (2)
total certain significant items-net of tax                                                                                      59                        57                        45
total purchase accounting adjustments, acquisition-related costs, and certain significant items-net of tax                    $183                      $203                      $206
(a)    income taxes include the tax effect of the associated pre-tax amounts, calculated by determining the jurisdictional location of the pre-tax amounts and applying that jurisdiction's applicable tax rate.
income taxes in purchase accounting adjustments also includes:
•for 2022, tax benefits related to a deferred adjustment as a result of a change in tax basis.
•for 2020, tax benefits related to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting from the integration of acquired businesses and changes in statutory tax rates.
income taxes in acquisition-related costs also includes:
•for 2020, a tax expense related to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting from the integration of acquired businesses.
income taxes in certain significant items also includes:
•for 2022, a tax expense related to changes in valuation allowances related to impairment of certain assets and changes in uncertain tax positions.
•for 2020, a tax expense related to changes in valuation allowances related to impairments of acquired assets.
(b)    represents a net gain resulting from a payment received pursuant to an agreement related to the 2016 sale of certain u.s. manufacturing sites.
(c)    for 2022, primarily represents employee termination and exit costs associated with cost-reduction and productivity initiatives in certain international markets, as well as product transfer costs.
44 |
for 2021, primarily represents employee termination costs associated with the realignment of our international operations and other costs associated with cost-reduction and productivity initiatives.
for 2020, represents employee termination costs incurred as a result of the ceo transition.
(d)    for 2022, primarily represents asset impairment charges related to:
•customer relationships, developed technology rights and property, plant and equipment in our diagnostics, poultry, cattle and swine businesses included in other (income)/deductions-net; and
•inventory and other charges related to the consolidation of manufacturing sites in china, included in cost of sales and restructuring charges and certain acquisition related costs.
for 2021, primarily represents asset impairment charges related to:
•developed technology rights and trademarks in our dairy cattle, diagnostics and aquatic health businesses, included in other (income)/deductions-net;
•the consolidation of manufacturing sites in china, included in restructuring charges and certain acquisition related costs; and
•property, plant and equipment and inventory related to a dairy product termination included in other (income)/deductions-net and cost of sales.
for 2020, primarily represents asset impairment charges related to:
•developed technology rights in our precision animal health and aquatic health businesses, included in other (income)/deductions-net;
•inventory in our precision animal health business, included in cost of sales; and
•property, plant and equipment in our precision animal health business, included in other (income)/deductions-net.
(e)    for 2020, primarily represents ceo transition-related costs.
the classification of the above items excluded from adjusted net income are as follows:
year ended december 31,
(millions of dollars)                                                                                                             2022                      2021                      2020
cost of sales:
purchase accounting adjustments                                                                                                 $6                        $6                        $8
inventory write-offs                                                                                                             4                         2                        15
other                                                                                                                            4                         6                         4
total cost of sales                                                                                                             14                        14                        27
selling, general &amp; administrative expenses:
purchase accounting adjustments                                                                                                 29                        30                        54
other                                                                                                                            -                         -                        13
total selling, general &amp; administrative expenses                                                                            29                        30                        67
research &amp; development expenses:
purchase accounting adjustments                                                                                                  1                         1                         1
total research &amp; development expenses                                                                                        1                         1                         1
amortization of intangible assets:
purchase accounting adjustments                                                                                                124                       138                       135
total amortization of intangible assets                                                                                        124                       138                       135
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs:
integration costs                                                                                                                4                        10                        17
transaction costs                                                                                                                1                         -                         -
employee termination costs                                                                                                       3                        17                         8
asset impairments                                                                                                                2                        13                         -
exit costs                                                                                                                       1                         3                         -
total restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs                                                               11                        43                        25
other (income)/deductions-net:
net loss/(gain) on sale of assets                                                                                                -                         3                      (18)
asset impairments                                                                                                               41                        31                        22
other                                                                                                                            1                         -                         -
total other (income)/deductions-net                                                                                             42                        34                         4
provision for taxes on income                                                                                                   38                        57                        53
total purchase accounting adjustments, acquisition-related costs, and certain significant items-net of tax                    $183                      $203                      $206
|
analysis of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income changes in other comprehensive income for the periods presented are primarily related to foreign currency translation adjustments and unrealized gains/(losses) on derivative instruments. the foreign currency translation adjustment changes result from the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar as compared to the currencies in the countries in which we do business. unrealized gains/(losses) on the changes in the fair value of derivative instruments are recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) and reclassified into earnings depending on the nature and purpose of the financial instrument, as described in note 9. financial instruments of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
analysis of the consolidated balance sheets december 31, 2022 vs. december 31, 2021
for a discussion about the changes in cash and cash equivalents, short-term borrowings, current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt, net of discount and issuance costs, see "analysis of financial condition, liquidity and capital resources" below.
accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts increased primarily as a result of higher net sales in the period and the timing of customer payments, partially offset by rebate credits issued to customers and the impact of foreign exchange.
inventories increased primarily as a result of the build-up of certain products and materials for increased demand, new product launches and to mitigate potential supply constraints, as well as the timing of material purchases and product shipments. see notes to consolidated financial statements - note 11. inventories.
other current assets decreased primarily due to the deferral of a prepaid tax benefit in connection with a prepayment from a related foreign entity in belgium and the jurisdictional netting of income taxes receivable and income taxes payable, partially offset by collateral posted related to derivative contracts and the mark-to-market adjustment of derivative instruments.
property, plant and equipment less accumulated depreciation increased primarily as a result of capital spending, partially offset by depreciation expense. see notes to consolidated financial statements - note 12. property, plant and equipment the increases in operating lease right of use assets and operating lease liabilities reflect assets acquired through new lease obligations, partially offset by lease amortization and payments. see notes to consolidated financial statements - note 10. leases.
identifiable intangible assets, less accumulated amortization decreased primarily as a result of amortization expense, the impairment of certain intangible assets and the impact of foreign exchange, partially offset by intangible asset additions from acquisitions. see notes to consolidated financial statements - note 13. goodwill and other intangible assets.
the net changes in noncurrent deferred tax assets, noncurrent deferred tax liabilities, income taxes payable and other taxes payable primarily reflect adjustments to the accrual for the income tax provision, the timing of income tax payments, the tax impact of various acquisitions and the impact of the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of changes in tax rates.
other noncurrent assets increased primarily due to a reclassification of collateral received related to derivative contracts to other current liabilities, the mark-to-market adjustment of derivative instruments and the purchase of investments, partially offset by the termination of certain derivative instruments in november 2022.
accounts payable decreased as a result of the timing of vendor payments.
dividends payable increased as a result of an increase in the dividend rate for the first quarter 2023 dividend, which was declared on december 8, 2022.
accrued compensation and related items decreased primarily due to the payments of 2021 annual incentive bonuses and savings plan contributions to eligible employees, as well as payments for sales incentive bonuses, partially offset by the accrual of 2022 annual incentive bonuses and savings plan contributions to eligible employees, sales incentive bonus accrual and the timing of the payment of payroll taxes.
other current liabilities increased primarily due to a reclassification of collateral received related to derivative contracts from other noncurrent assets and the mark-to-market adjustment of derivative instruments.
other noncurrent liabilities decreased primarily due to the fair value adjustment of contingent consideration related to certain acquisitions, a decrease in accrued pension benefits due to increases in the discount rate, a decrease in deferred compensation due to net losses from investments and the impact of foreign exchange, partially offset by the mark-to-market adjustment of derivative instruments. see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 14. benefit plans.
for an analysis of the changes in total equity, see the consolidated statements of equity and notes to consolidated financial statements- note 16. stockholders' equity.
|
analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows year ended december 31,                                            $ change
(millions of dollars)                                                2022                     2021                                             2020                    22/21                      21/20
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                                             $1,912                      $2,213                      $2,126                   $(301)                        $87
investing activities                                                              (883)                       (458)                       (572)                    (425)       114
financing activities                                                              (904)                     (1,862)                         123       958                                   (1,985)
effect of exchange-rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                       (29)                        (12)                         (7)                     (17)                        (5)
net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                $96                      $(119)                      $1,670                     $215                   $(1,789)
operating activities
2022 vs. 2021
net cash provided by operating activities was $1,912 million in 2022 compared with $2,213 million in 2021. the decrease in operating cash flows was primarily attributable to the timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business, higher inventory and lower cash earnings, partially offset by proceeds from the settlement of derivative instruments.
investing activities
2022 vs. 2021
net cash used in investing activities was $883 million in 2022 compared with $458 million in 2021. the net cash used in investing activities for 2022 was primarily attributable to capital expenditures and acquisitions, partially offset by net proceeds from derivative instrument activity. the net cash used in investing activities for 2021 was primarily attributable to capital expenditures, acquisitions and purchase of investments, partially offset by proceeds from net proceeds from derivative instrument activity.
financing activities
2022 vs. 2021
net cash used in financing activities was $904 million in 2022 compared with $1,862 million in 2021. the net cash used in financing activities for 2022 was primarily attributable to the purchase of treasury shares, the payment of dividends and taxes paid on withholding shares, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of senior notes in november 2022 and proceeds in connection with the issuance of common stock under our equity incentive plan. the net cash used in financing activities for 2021 was primarily attributable to the purchase of treasury shares, the repayment of the $300 million aggregate principal amount of our 2018 floating rate senior notes due 2021 and the $300 million aggregate principal amount of our 2018 senior notes due 2021, the payment of dividends and taxes paid on withholding shares, partially offset by proceeds in connection with the issuance of common stock under our equity incentive plan.
analysis of financial condition, liquidity and capital resources while we believe our cash and cash equivalents on hand, our operating cash flows and our existing financing arrangements will be sufficient to support our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond, this may be subject to the environment in which we operate. risks to our meeting future funding requirements include global economic conditions described in the following paragraph.
global financial markets may be impacted by macroeconomic, business and financial volatility. as markets change, we will continue to monitor our liquidity position. while we do not anticipate it, there can be no assurance that a challenging economic environment or an economic downturn will not impact our liquidity or our ability to obtain future financing.
selected measures of liquidity and capital resources certain relevant measures of our liquidity and capital resources follow:
december 31,
(millions of dollars)                                           2022                         2021
cash and cash equivalents                                $3,581                       $3,485
accounts receivable, net(a)                               1,215                        1,133
short-term borrowings                                         2                            -
current portion of long-term debt                         1,350                            -
long-term debt                                            6,552                        6,592
working capital                                           4,339                        5,133
ratio of current assets to current liabilities                2.37:1                       3.86:1
(a)    accounts receivable are usually collected over a period of 45 to 75 days. for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, the number of days that accounts receivables were outstanding have remained within this range. we regularly monitor our accounts receivable for collectability, particularly in markets where economic conditions remain uncertain. we believe that our allowance for doubtful accounts is appropriate. our assessment is based on such factors as past due aging, historical and expected collection patterns, the financial condition of our customers, the robust nature of our credit and collection practices and the economic environment.
for additional information about the sources and uses of our funds, see the analysis of the consolidated balance sheets and analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows sections of this md&a.
|
credit facility and other lines of credit in december 2022, we entered into an amended and restated revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks providing for a multi-year $1.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the credit facility), which expires in december 2027. the credit facility replaced the company's existing revolving credit facility dated as of december 21, 2016. subject to certain conditions, we have the right to increase the credit facility up to $1.5 billion. the credit facility contains a financial covenant requiring us to not exceed a maximum total leverage ratio (the ratio of consolidated net debt as of the end of the period to consolidated earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) for such period) of 3.50:1. upon entering into a material acquisition, the maximum total leverage ratio increases to 4.00:1, and extends until the fourth full consecutive fiscal quarter ended immediately following the consummation of a material acquisition. in addition, the credit facility contains other customary covenants.
we were in compliance with all financial covenants as of december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021. there were no amounts drawn under either credit facility as of december 31, 2022 or december 31, 2021.
we have additional lines of credit and other credit arrangements with a group of banks and other financial intermediaries for general corporate purposes. we maintain cash and cash equivalent balances in excess of our outstanding short-term borrowings. as of december 31, 2022, we had access to $51 million of lines of credit which expire at various times and are generally renewed annually. there were $2 million of borrowings outstanding related to these facilities as of december 31, 2022 and no borrowings outstanding related to these facilities as of december 31, 2021.
domestic and international short-term funds many of our operations are conducted outside the u.s. the amount of funds held in the u.s. will fluctuate due to the timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business and due to other reasons, such as business development activities. as part of our ongoing liquidity assessments, we regularly monitor the mix of u.s. and international cash flows (both inflows and outflows). actual repatriation of overseas funds can result in additional u.s and local income taxes, such as u.s. state income taxes, local withholding taxes, and taxes on currency gains and losses. see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 8. tax matters.
global economic conditions challenging economic conditions in recent years have not had, nor do we anticipate that it will have, a significant impact on our liquidity. due to our operating cash flows, financial assets, access to capital markets and available lines of credit and revolving credit agreements, we continue to believe that we have the ability to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. as markets change, we continue to monitor our liquidity position. there can be no assurance that a challenging economic environment or an economic downturn would not impact our ability to obtain financing in the future.
contractual obligations in the normal course of business, we enter into contracts and commitments that obligate us to make payments in the future. these obligations include long-term debt, including interest obligations, purchase obligations, operating lease commitments, other liabilities, benefit plan obligations and uncertain tax positions. see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 9. financial instruments, note 18. commitments and contingencies, note 10. leases, note 6. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions, cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, note 14. benefit plans and note 8. tax matters for further information on material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations.
debt securities on november 8, 2022, we issued $1.35 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes (2022 senior notes), with an original issue discount of $2 million. these notes are comprised of $600 million aggregate principal amount of 5.400% senior notes due 2025 and $750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.600% senior notes due 2032. on february 1, 2023, the net proceeds were used to redeem in full, upon maturity, the $1.35 billion aggregate principal amount of our 3.250% 2013 senior notes due 2023.
on august 20, 2021, we redeemed, upon maturity, the $300 million aggregate principal amount of our 2018 floating rate senior notes due 2021 and the $300 million aggregate principal amount of our 2018 senior notes due 2021.
on may 12, 2020, we issued $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes (2020 senior notes), with an original issue discount of $10 million. these notes are comprised of $750 million aggregate principal amount of 2.000% senior notes due 2030 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.000% senior notes due 2050. on october 13, 2020, the net proceeds were used to repay the $500 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.450% 2015 senior notes due 2020 and the remainder is being used for general corporate purposes. on august 20, 2018, we issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes (2018 senior notes), with an original issue discount of $4 million. on september 12, 2017, we issued $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes (2017 senior notes), with an original issue discount of $7 million. on november 13, 2015, we issued $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes (2015 senior notes), with an original issue discount of $2 million. on january 28, 2013, we issued $3.65 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes (2013 senior notes) in a private placement, with an original issue discount of $10 million.
the 2013, 2015, 2017, 2018, 2020 and 2022 senior notes are governed by an indenture and supplemental indenture (collectively, the indenture) between us and deutsche bank trust company americas, as trustee. the indenture contains certain covenants, including limitations on our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to incur liens or engage in sale lease-back transactions. the indenture also contains restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell substantially all of our assets. in addition, the indenture contains other customary terms, including certain events of default, upon the occurrence of which, the 2013, 2015, 2017, 2018, 2020 and 2022 senior notes may be declared immediately due and payable.
pursuant to the indenture, we are able to redeem the 2013, 2015, 2017, 2018, 2020 and 2022 senior notes of any series, in whole or in part, at any time by paying a "make whole" premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. upon the occurrence of a change of control of us and a downgrade of the 2013, 2015, 2017, 2018, 2020 and 2022 senior notes below an investment grade rating by each of moody's investors service, inc. and standard & poor's ratings services, we are, in certain circumstances, required to make an offer to repurchase all of the outstanding 2013, 2015, 2017, 2018, 2020 and 2022 senior notes at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2013, 2015, 2017, 2018, 2020 and 2022 senior notes together with accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of repurchase.
|
our outstanding debt securities are as follows:
description        principal amount        interest rate                                                                                                          terms
2015 senior notes due 2025            $750 million               4.500%          interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on november 13, 2025
2022 senior notes due 2025            $600 million               5.400%          interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on november 14, 2025
2017 senior notes due 2027            $750 million               3.000%         interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on september 12, 2027
2018 senior notes due 2028            $500 million               3.900%            interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on august 20, 2028
2020 senior notes due 2030            $750 million               2.000%               interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on may 15, 2030
2022 senior notes due 2032            $750 million               5.600%          interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on november 16, 2032
2013 senior notes due 2043          $1,150 million               4.700%           interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on february 1, 2043
2017 senior notes due 2047            $500 million               3.950%         interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on september 12, 2047
2018 senior notes due 2048            $400 million               4.450%            interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on august 20, 2048
2020 senior notes due 2050            $500 million               3.000%               interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on may 15, 2050
credit ratings two major corporate debt-rating organizations, moody's and s&p, assign ratings to our short-term and long-term debt. a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and the rating is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
the following table provides the current ratings assigned by these rating agencies to our commercial paper and senior unsecured non-credit-enhanced long-term debt:
commercial paper        long-term debt                            date of last action name of rating agency         rating                  rating                     outlook moody's                       p-2                     baa1                       stable         august 2017
s&amp;p                       a-2                     bbb                        stable         december 2016
pension obligations our employees ceased to participate in the pfizer u.s. qualified defined benefit and u.s. retiree medical plans effective december 31, 2012, and liabilities associated with our employees under these plans were retained by pfizer. as part of the separation from pfizer, pfizer continued to credit certain employees' service with zoetis generally through december 31, 2017 (or termination of employment from zoetis, if earlier), for certain early retirement benefits with respect to pfizer's u.s. defined benefit pension and retiree medical plans. in connection with the employee matters agreement, zoetis is responsible for payment of three-fifths of the total cost of the service credit continuation ($38 million) for these plans. the amount of the service cost continuation payment to be paid by zoetis to pfizer was determined and fixed based on an actuarial assessment of the value of the grow-in benefits and will be paid in equal installments over a period of 10 years. as of december 31, 2022, there are no remaining payments due to pfizer.
as part of the separation from pfizer, pfizer transferred to us the net pension obligations associated with certain international defined benefit plans. we expect to contribute a total of $5 million to these plans in 2023.
as of december 31, 2022, the supplemental savings plan liability was $43 million.
for additional information, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 14. benefit plans.
share repurchase program in december 2018, our board of directors authorized a $2.0 billion share repurchase program. this program was completed as of june 30, 2022. in december 2021, our board of directors authorized an additional $3.5 billion share repurchase program. as of december 31, 2022, there was $2.6 billion remaining under this authorization. purchases of zoetis shares may be made at the discretion of management, depending on market conditions and business needs. share repurchases may be executed through various means, including open market or privately negotiated transactions. during 2022, 9.5 million shares were repurchased for $1.6 billion.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business and in connection with the sale of assets and businesses, we may indemnify our counterparties against certain liabilities that may arise in connection with a transaction or that are related to activities prior to a transaction. these indemnifications typically pertain to environmental, tax, employee and/or product-related matters, and patent-infringement claims. if the indemnified party were to make a successful claim pursuant to the terms of the indemnification, we would be required to reimburse the loss. these indemnifications are generally subject to threshold amounts, specified claim periods and other restrictions and limitations. historically, we have not paid significant amounts under these provisions and, as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, recorded amounts for the estimated fair value of these indemnifications are not material.
new accounting standards see note 3. significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, including the respective dates of adoption or expected adoption and effects or expected effects on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
|
forward-looking statements and factors that may affect future results this report contains "forward-looking" statements. we intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. we generally identify forward-looking statements by using words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "could," "expect," "intend," "project," "plan," "predict," "believe," "seek," "continue," "outlook," "objective," "target," "may," "might," "will," "should," "can have," "likely" or the negative version of these words or comparable words or by using future dates in connection with any discussion of future performance, actions or events.
in particular, forward-looking statements include statements relating to our future actions, business plans or prospects, prospective products, product approvals or products under development, product and supply chain disruptions, the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, r&d costs, timing and likelihood of success, future operating or financial performance, future results of current and anticipated products and services, strategies, sales efforts, expenses, production efficiencies, production margins, anticipated timing of generic market entries, integration of acquired businesses, interest rates, tax rates, changes in tax regimes and laws, foreign exchange rates, growth in emerging markets, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, plans related to share repurchases and dividends, government regulation and financial results. these statements are not guarantees of future performance, actions or events. forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and are based on assumptions that could prove to be inaccurate. among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from past results and future plans and projected future results are the following:
•unanticipated safety, quality or efficacy concerns or issues about our products;
•the possible impact and timing of competing products, including generic alternatives, on our products and our ability to compete against such products;
•the continuing decline in global economic conditions, including the current crisis in ukraine, and inflation;
•the economic, political, legal and business environment of the foreign jurisdictions in which we do business;
•the impact of the covid-19 global pandemic on our business, global supply chain, customers and workforce;
•disruptive innovations and advances in medical practices and technologies;
•consolidation of our customers and distributors;
•changes in the distribution channel for companion animal products;
•an outbreak of infectious disease carried by animals;
•restrictions and bans on the use of and consumer preferences regarding antibacterials in food-producing animals;
•perceived adverse effects linked to the consumption of food derived from animals that utilize our products or animals generally;
•increased regulation or decreased governmental support relating to the raising, processing or consumption of food-producing animals;
•failure to successfully acquire businesses, license rights or products, integrate businesses, form and manage alliances or divest businesses;
•adverse weather conditions and the availability of natural resources;
•the impact of climate change on our activities and the activities of our customers and suppliers, including, for example, altered distribution and intensity of rainfall, prolonged droughts or flooding, increased frequency of wildfires and other natural disasters, rising sea levels, and rising heat index;
•failure of our r&d, acquisition and licensing efforts to generate new products and product lifecycle innovations;
•difficulties or delays in the development or commercialization of new products;
•product launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls or unanticipated costs caused by manufacturing problems and capacity imbalances;
•fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and potential currency controls;
•legal factors, including product liability claims, antitrust litigation and governmental investigations, including tax disputes, environmental concerns, commercial disputes and patent disputes with branded and generic competitors, any of which could preclude commercialization of products or negatively affect the profitability of existing products;
•failure to protect our intellectual property rights or to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights of others;
•a cyber-attack, information security breach or other misappropriation of our data;
•quarterly fluctuations in demand and costs;
•governmental laws and regulations affecting domestic and foreign operations, including without limitation, tax obligations and changes affecting the tax treatment by the u.s. of income earned outside the u.s. that may result from pending or possible future proposals;
•governmental laws and regulations affecting our interactions with veterinary healthcare providers; and
•the other factors set forth under "risk factors" in item 1a of part i of this 2022 annual report.
however, there may also be other risks that we are unable to predict at this time. these risks or uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by a forward-looking statement. you should not put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or by the rules and regulations of the sec. you are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our form 10-q and 8-k reports and our other filings with the sec. you should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. consequently, you should not consider the above to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.
|
