During fiscal 2019, we reported strong financial results consistent with the continued execution of our long-term plans for our two strategic growth areas, digital media and digital experience, while continuing to market and license a broad portfolio of products and solutions. Our digital media segment, a market leader with Creative Cloud, provides desktop tools, mobile apps, and cloud-based services for designing, creating, and publishing rich content, delivering value through deep, cross-product integration and cloud-enabled services. We expect Creative Cloud will drive sustained long-term revenue growth through a continued expansion of our customer base, which is supported by low cost of entry and delivery of additional features. Our digital experience business provides comprehensive solutions that include analytics, targeting, media optimization, and digital experience management, enabling marketers to measure, personalize, and optimize marketing campaigns across channels for optimal performance. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital experience business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively manage and monetize their content across every channel. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of our routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. Our digital experience revenue increased significantly, driven by subscription revenue growth across our offerings, including revenue associated with Marketo Engage and Magento Commerce. We believe that investments in research and development, including recruiting and hiring software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to the timely development of new and enhanced offerings. Our strategy with Creative Cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract new customers, and grow our recurring revenue stream that is recognized ratably. The integration of cloud-based features with on-premise software provides functionalities and efficiencies that could not be obtained independently. We utilize a direct sales force to market and license our digital experience solutions, as well as an extensive ecosystem of partners that help license and deploy our solutions. The increase in subscription revenue was primarily due to strong adoption of our document cloud offerings, which enhance the way people manage critical documents across devices. Our financial results for fiscal 2019 reflect the impact of our strategic resource allocation and investments in technology capabilities, which have evolved to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency. The success in driving growth in annual recurring revenue has positively affected our overall revenue growth, demonstrating the effectiveness of our IT capabilities in supporting business transformation and enhancing firm performance. Our approach to information management capability ensures that we provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, and security, tailored to changing business needs. The strategic alignment of our technology infrastructure and capabilities with our business processes has been essential in maintaining our competitive advantage in the rapidly evolving digital landscape.