Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections and expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries. The company's significant investments in research, development, and engineering are critical to delivering new products and technologies that meet the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on supply and demand for chips, display technologies, and other electronic devices, as well as other factors such as global economic and market conditions and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes. Applied's results are driven primarily by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key technology transitions or to increase production volume in response to worldwide demand for semiconductors and displays. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, augmented and virtual reality, the Internet of Things, and smart vehicles are creating new opportunities for the industry. Applied's broad range of equipment and service products are highly technical and are sold primarily through a direct sales force, which necessitates a strong IT capability to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency. The semiconductor systems segment is focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning, and packaging performance as devices scale to advanced technology nodes. Customer investments in semiconductor manufacturing equipment continued to be the primary contributor to Applied's revenue during fiscal 2019, with spending driven by demand for advanced electronic products. Applied's global services segment provides integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, driven by the company's large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems. Industry conditions affecting Applied's sales of spares and services are characterized by increases in semiconductor manufacturers' wafer starts and continued strong utilization rates. The display and adjacent markets segment encompasses products for manufacturing liquid crystal and OLED displays, focusing on expanding its presence through technologically differentiated equipment. The market environment for this segment was characterized by weak demand for display manufacturing equipment for mobile products and TVs, which necessitates agility and responsiveness to market dynamics. Applied's ongoing investments in product development initiatives are consistent with the company's growth strategy, reflecting a commitment to enhancing its IT capabilities and overall organizational effectiveness. The ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products provided is crucial for Applied, as development cycles range from 12 to 36 months, depending on whether the product is an enhancement of an existing product or a new product.