Amgen operates in one business segment: human therapeutics, and our strategy includes integrated activities intended to maintain and strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We focus on six commercial areas and conduct discovery research primarily in three therapeutic areas. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain and we are facing increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. Rising healthcare costs and economic conditions continue to pose challenges to our business, including significant pricing pressures and other cost containment measures. Our innovative pipeline, including early oncology assets, is supported by investments in research and development, which are critical for maintaining operational flexibility and market agility. We have also continued to invest in external opportunities to augment our internal programs and products, including strategic collaborations to expand our oncology presence and enhance our human genetics capabilities. Our human genetics capabilities allow us to identify new development targets in our chosen areas of therapeutic focus. We monitor the inventory levels of our products at our wholesalers by using data from our wholesalers and other third parties, which reflects our commitment to information management and operational efficiency. The effectiveness of our IT capabilities is essential in mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We recognize the importance of providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our financial condition is supported by cash flows from operating activities, which enable us to invest in our business while returning capital to shareholders through the payment of cash dividends and stock repurchases. The timing and amount of future dividends and stock repurchases will vary based on several factors, including future capital requirements for strategic transactions and availability of financing on acceptable terms. We are also subject to income tax in the foreign jurisdictions where we conduct operations based on the tax laws and principles of such jurisdictions and the functions, risks, and activities performed therein. Our pretax income is attributed to domestic or foreign sources based on operations performed and risks assumed in each location. We are involved in various legal proceedings, government investigations, and other matters that are complex in nature and have outcomes that are difficult to predict. Our operations are subject to the tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices of the United States and other countries, and significant changes in these rules could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.