We connect consumers wishing to make travel reservations with providers of travel services around the world through our online platforms. We are increasing the collaboration, cooperation, and interdependency among our brands in our efforts to provide consumers with the best and most comprehensive services. We seek to maximize the benefits of our scale by sharing resources and technological innovations, co-developing new services, and coordinating activities in key markets among our brands. We are constantly innovating to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms to ensure that we are meeting the needs of online consumers while aiming to exceed their expectations. Our long-term strategy to build a more integrated offering of multiple elements of travel, which we refer to as the "connected trip," may increase revenue growth over time. We believe that adding these types of service offerings will benefit consumers and travel service providers, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda, and rentalcars.com and the international businesses of kayak and opentable. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide and to offer other travel and travel-related services. We have experienced pressure on operating margins as we invest in initiatives to drive future growth. The uncertain and highly competitive environment in which we operate makes the prediction of future results of operations difficult, and accordingly, we may not be able to sustain revenue growth and profitability. Our markets are intensely competitive, constantly evolving, and subject to rapid change, and current and new competitors can launch new services at relatively low cost. We have observed a trend of declining constant-currency accommodation average daily rates, which we expect to continue, though the rate of decline may fluctuate. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Our performance marketing expenses consist primarily of the costs of search engine keyword purchases, referrals from meta-search and travel research websites, affiliate programs, and other performance-based marketing and incentives. We rely on performance marketing channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, outsourced data center and cloud computing costs, payments to contractors, and data communications and other expenses associated with operating our services. Information technology expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2019, compared to the year ended December 31, 2018, due to increased outsourced data center and cloud computing costs to support the growth in our businesses, software fees, and payments to contractors. We believe that the opportunity to continue to grow our business exists for the markets in which we operate, including in both mature and fast-growing markets. Our growth has primarily been generated by the worldwide accommodation reservation business of booking.com, which is our most significant brand. The increase in personnel expenses was also due to an accrual recorded in 2019 to correct an immaterial error related to the nonpayment in prior periods of a wage-related tax under Netherlands' law on compensation paid to certain highly-compensated former employees. We have observed increased brand marketing by other online travel companies, meta-search services, and travel service providers, which may make our brand marketing efforts more expensive and less effective.