Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. We believe that investment and derivative gains/losses, whether realized from dispositions or unrealized from changes in market prices of equity securities, are generally meaningless in understanding our reported results or evaluating the economic performance of our businesses. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. Generally, we consider pre-tax catastrophe losses in excess of $100 million from a current year event as significant. We incurred estimated pre-tax losses of approximately $1.0 billion in 2019, $1.6 billion in 2018, and $3.0 billion in 2017 from significant catastrophe events. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including amounts established for occurrences in prior years, can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. We engage in both primary insurance and reinsurance of property/casualty, life, and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are Geico, Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group, and Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. We consider investment income as a component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating, based on our long-held strategy of acquiring securities and holding those securities for long periods. We believe that such gains and losses are not meaningful in understanding the operating results of our insurance operations. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. We expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from such businesses, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges. We receive premiums at the inception of these contracts, which are then available for investment. We strive to generate underwriting profits. However, time-value-of-money concepts are important elements in establishing prices for retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity businesses due to the expected long durations of the liabilities. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our insurance businesses generated pre-tax underwriting earnings of approximately $417 million in 2019 and $2.0 billion in 2018, and consequently, the average cost of float for each of those periods was negative. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. We continue to hold large balances of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term U.S. Treasury bills. While short-term interest yields in the U.S. were higher in the first half of 2019 compared to 2018, interest rates declined during the second half of the year. Accordingly, earnings from such balances will likely be lower in 2020 than in 2019.