Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin as a percentage of net sales. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. We achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses, and as our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure. Our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales. The membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. Capital is also required for information systems, manufacturing and distribution facilities, initial warehouse operations, and working capital. These expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. We opened 25 new warehouses, including five relocations, in 2019, and plan to open approximately 22 additional new warehouses, including three relocations, in 2020. The increase in interest income in 2019 was primarily due to higher interest rates earned on higher average cash and investment balances. Our effective tax rate for 2019 was favorably impacted by the reduction in the U.S. federal corporate tax rate in December 2017 from 35% to 21%, which was in effect for all of 2019. The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. We use different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program. Our investments in technology resources are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business strategies. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" on quality goods. Our financial performance is influenced by external factors such as competition, economic conditions, and changes in consumer demand. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period. The segment gross margin percentage in our Canadian operations decreased predominantly in hardlines and softlines and certain of our warehouse ancillary and other businesses. We maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. Our operating costs as a percent of adjusted net sales related to warehouses, ancillary, and other businesses, which includes e-commerce and travel, were flat despite the wage increases and bonding leave benefits for U.S. and Canadian hourly employees effective in March 2019. The impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar negatively impacted net sales by approximately $1,463, or 106 basis points, compared to 2018, attributable to our Canadian and other international operations.