We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. We expect this trend to continue in the long term as we invest heavily in land and buildings for data centers and offices, and information technology infrastructure, which includes servers and network equipment. As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Our technical infrastructure is also included in Google. We generate revenues primarily from advertising; sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription-based products. Our Google Cloud revenues increased from 2018 to 2019 and were primarily driven by continued strength in our GCP and G Suite offerings. Our infrastructure and our data and analytics platform products have been the largest drivers of growth in GCP. We expect to continue spending cash on acquisitions and other investments, which generally enhance the breadth and depth of our offerings, as well as expand our expertise in engineering and other functional areas. The cost of revenues consists of TAC which are paid to Google network members primarily for ads displayed on their properties and amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. The increase in other cost of revenues from 2018 to 2019 was due to an increase in data center and other operations costs. Additionally, there was an increase in content acquisition costs for YouTube consistent with the growth in YouTube revenues. The TAC rate decreased primarily due to the favorable revenue mix shift from Google network members' properties to Google properties. Over time, cost of revenues as a percentage of total revenues may be affected by a number of factors, including the amount of TAC paid to Google network members, which is affected by a combination of factors such as geographic mix, product mix, revenue share terms, and fluctuations of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies. Our advertising revenue growth rate has been affected over time as a result of a number of factors, including challenges in maintaining our growth rate as revenues increase to higher levels; changes in our product mix; changes in advertising quality or formats and delivery; the evolution of the online advertising market; increasing competition; our investments in new business strategies; query growth rates; and shifts in the geographic mix of our revenues. We also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices and modalities, our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers, and movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. This has led to a trend of increased revenues from international markets over time and we expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets. As interactions between users and advertisers change and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings to serve their changing needs.