Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. As we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. Our total service and other revenue was $5.2 billion or 76% of our total revenue in fiscal 2019 and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future. Industry trends indicate that A.I. is transforming multiple industries, including financial technology. Disruptive start-ups, emerging ecosystems, and mega-platforms are harnessing new technology to create personalized experiences, deliver data-driven insights, and increase speed of service. These shifts are creating a more dynamic and highly competitive environment where customer expectations are shifting around the world as more services become digitized and the array of choices continues to increase. Our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. The increase in operating income was due to the higher revenue described above, partially offset by higher costs for advertising, marketing, staffing, and outside services. We derive our revenue primarily from the sale of packaged desktop software products, desktop software subscriptions, and online services such as tax, accounting, payroll, and merchant payment processing. Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services. In determining how revenue should be recognized, a five-step process is used, which requires judgment and estimates within the revenue recognition process. The primary judgments include identifying the performance obligations in the contract and determining whether the performance obligations are distinct. We have included the results of operations of acquired companies in our consolidated results of operations from their respective dates of acquisition. Our online ecosystem includes revenue from QuickBooks Online, QuickBooks Online Advanced, and QuickBooks Self-Employed financial and business management offerings. Online ecosystem revenue increased significantly due to customer growth in online payroll and payments and an increase in revenue from other online services. We monitor counterparty risk associated with the institutional lenders that are providing the credit facility. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to quickly respond to these kinds of opportunities. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $2.7 billion at July 31, 2019, and we expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through repurchases of our common stock and payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs.