Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We focus on making our technology easy and safe to use, taking a holistic approach by offering intelligent technology and systems designed to work together to make minimally invasive surgery intervention more available and applicable. Our da Vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of minimally invasive surgery to many patients who would otherwise undergo a more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic, and imaging technologies to overcome many of the limitations of traditional open surgery or conventional minimally invasive surgery. The success of the da Vinci SP surgical system is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes for the procedures for which it has been cleared as well as securing additional clinical clearances. We believe that our growth in gynecologic procedures over the past several years has primarily been driven by consolidation of gynecologic procedures into higher volume surgeons that focus on cancer and complex surgeries. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions across the spectrum of procedure complexity. We have been investing in our business in the OUS markets, and our OUS procedures have grown faster in proportion to U.S. procedures. The growth of instrument and accessory revenue largely reflects continued procedure adoption, driven by a larger installed base of da Vinci surgical systems producing service revenue. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to expand procedure adoption and acceptance of our products. Our installed base of da Vinci surgical systems grew 12% to approximately 5,582 at December 31, 2019. We have also entered into usage-based arrangements with certain large customers whereby system and service revenue is recognized as the systems are used. Our plans for the rollout of the da Vinci SP surgical system include putting systems in the hands of experienced da Vinci users first while we optimize training pathways and our supply chain. The adoption of robotic-assisted surgery using the da Vinci surgical system has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da Vinci alternatives and competitive total economics for healthcare providers. We believe that growth in da Vinci hernia repair reflects improved clinical outcomes within certain patient populations, as well as potential cost benefits relative to certain alternative treatments. We anticipate pursuing further regulatory clearances for the da Vinci SP surgical system, including colorectal applications, broadening the applicability of the SP platform over time. The integration process will be complex and involves the integration of manufacturing operations across multiple sites globally. The success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, pricing, competition, market and consumer acceptance, and the effective forecasting and management of product demand. We continue to introduce the da Vinci SP surgical system in a measured fashion while we optimize training pathways and our supply chain. We believe that these alternative financing structures have been effective and well-received, and we are willing to expand the proportion of these structures based on customer demand.