As a result of the execution of our strategy, we achieved record revenues in fiscal 2019, growing 7% to $39.1 billion, fueled by investments in innovative products and digital platforms. We prioritized investments in data and analytics capabilities, digital commerce platforms, and an initial investment in a new enterprise resource planning tool to accelerate our end-to-end digital transformation. Our strategy is to achieve long-term revenue growth by creating innovative, "must-have" products, building deep personal consumer connections with our brands, and delivering compelling consumer experiences through digital platforms and at retail. The growth in our Nike direct operations, which includes digital platforms, reflects our focus on enhancing IT capabilities to support business needs and improve operational efficiency. Digital outpaced all other channels, growing at 35% in fiscal 2019. We continue to see opportunities to drive future growth and profitability, remaining committed to effectively managing our business to achieve our financial goals over the long term by executing against operational strategies. Our investments in innovation, data, and analytics capabilities are critical to transforming our firm into a competitive force, enabling us to leverage IT resources and capabilities effectively. The evolution of the North America marketplace is resulting in third-party retail store closures; however, we are currently seeing stabilization and momentum building with our strategic wholesale customers, fueled by innovative product and Nike brand consumer experiences, leveraging digital. Our consolidated gross profit increased 10% to $17,474 million compared to $15,956 million for fiscal 2018, with gross margin increased primarily due to growth in our higher-margin Nike direct business. The increase in operating overhead expense was driven primarily by higher wage-related and administrative expenses, which reflect critical investments in innovation, data and analytics capabilities, and digital commerce platforms. Our global brand divisions primarily represent demand creation and operating overhead expense, including product creation and design expenses that are centrally managed for the Nike brand, as well as costs associated with Nike direct global digital operations and enterprise technology. The growth in demand creation and operating overhead expense was favorably impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We believe that existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds, will be sufficient to meet our domestic and foreign capital needs in the foreseeable future. We plan to continue investing in our infrastructure to support future growth, including corporate facilities, expanding our digital capabilities, and new Nike direct stores. Our investments in technology infrastructure and digital capabilities are essential for enhancing our operational flexibility and responsiveness to market dynamics. The combination of our investments in data and analytics capabilities, digital commerce platforms, and enterprise resource planning tools is aimed at accelerating our digital transformation and improving our overall performance metrics.