The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 8, and the discussion of risks and cautionary factors that may affect future results in item 1A. Risk factors. We are building a future on a new category of smoke-free products that, while not risk-free, are a much better choice than continuing to smoke. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products (including general corporate expenses), and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. The change in our net revenues from the comparable 2018 amount was driven by favorable pricing variance and favorable volume/mix, mainly driven by heated tobacco unit and iqos device volume. The unfavorable impact of interest was due primarily to our ongoing efforts to optimize our capital structure following the passage of the U.S. tax cuts and jobs act. We have a wide range of premium, mid-price and low-price brands. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. We manage our business in six operating segments, which include our international duty-free business. Our cigarettes are sold in more than 180 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. We are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products ("RRPs"). RRPs is the term we use to refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continuing smoking. The total pre-tax charge related to asset impairment and exit costs was included in marketing, administration and research costs on the consolidated statements of earnings. We have determined that we no longer have a controlling financial interest over rbh and that we do not exert "significant influence" over rbh under U.S. GAAP. Therefore, we deconsolidated rbh as of the date of the CCAA filing and will account for our continuing investment in rbh as an equity security, without readily determinable fair value. The unfavorable currency impact during 2019 results from the fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, especially against the euro, Russian ruble and Turkish lira. This unfavorable currency movement has impacted our profitability across our primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases. The changes in our reported diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2019, from the comparable 2018 amounts, were influenced by various factors, including asset impairment and exit costs, tax items, and changes in earnings mix by taxing jurisdiction. The administration of the CCAA process removes certain elements of control of the business from both PMI and rbh, highlighting the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries.