In fiscal 2019, we recognized licensing revenues of $4.7 billion resulting from the settlement with Apple and its contract manufacturers, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our QTL results reflected certain reductions made in the per unit royalty caps, which provide a maximum royalty amount payable per device, and while we expect these changes to enhance stability for the long term, they negatively impacted QTL royalty revenues in fiscal 2019. The adoption of new revenue recognition guidance requires us to estimate and recognize QTL royalties in the period in which the associated sales occur, resulting in an acceleration of royalty revenues by one quarter compared to prior periods. We continue to invest significant resources to develop our wireless baseband chipsets and our converged computing/communications chipsets, which incorporate technologies in areas such as advancements in 4G and 5G, connectivity, and artificial intelligence, contributing to the expansion of our intellectual property portfolio. We expect our business to be impacted by industry dynamics, including increased concentration of device share among a few companies, which results in significant supply chain leverage for those companies, exacerbating the negative impact on our business and financial results. The trends for QTL have been, and may in the future be, impacted by disputes and/or resolutions with licensees and/or governmental investigations or proceedings. We believe that 5G technologies will empower a new era of smartphones and connected devices, driving transformation across industries beyond traditional cellular communications, creating new business models and services. Our historical trends were impacted by our prior dispute with Apple and its contract manufacturers, which was settled in April 2019, and we expect to begin recording revenues for new chipset models under our recently announced multi-year chipset agreement with Apple in the second half of fiscal 2020. We are also investing in targeted opportunities that leverage our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter and/or expand into new industry segments and applications, such as products for automotive, computing, IoT, and networking. As we look forward, we expect consumer demand for 3G/4G multimode and 4G products and services to decline as new consumer demand for 3G/4G/5G multimode and 5G products and services ramps around the world. Our QCT segment, which develops and supplies integrated circuits and system software based on CDMA, OFDMA, and other technologies for use in mobile devices, is expected to continue to be impacted by these market dynamics. We also anticipate that certain companies may continue to challenge our business model, which may require significant management time and attention and result in increased legal costs until the respective matters are resolved. The impact of regulatory authorities investigating our business practices and instituting proceedings against us has required, and we expect will continue to require, the investment of significant management resources.