The company expands the product lines and services it offers by developing and commercializing its own technologies and by making strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, focused research projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales, the gain on the sale of the anatomical pathology business, and, to a lesser extent, productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases. These increases were offset in part by strategic growth investments, sales mix, and unfavorable foreign currency exchange. The company evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits to cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, principally associated with acquisition-related activities; restructuring and other costs/income including costs arising from facility consolidations such as severance and abandoned lease expense and gains and losses from the sale of real estate and product lines; and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. The company uses this measure because it helps management understand and evaluate the segments' core operating results and facilitate comparison of performance for determining compensation. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company has identified restructuring actions that will result in additional charges primarily in 2020 and expects to identify additional actions during 2020 which will be recorded when specified criteria are met. The restructuring projects for which charges were incurred in 2019 are expected to result in annual cost savings beginning in part in 2019 and to a greater extent in 2020, including significant contributions from various segments. The company recorded a $374 million provision for income taxes in 2019 including $191 million related to the gain on the sale of the anatomical pathology business. The company believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. The company assesses income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. The company operates in numerous countries under many legal forms and is subject to the jurisdiction of numerous domestic and non-U.S. tax authorities, as well as to tax agreements and treaties among these governments. The company has recorded liabilities for known indemnifications included as part of environmental liabilities. The company's ability to obtain a benefit from lower tax rates outside the U.S. is dependent on its relative levels of income in countries outside the U.S. and on the statutory tax rates in those countries. The company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate in any individual country is not likely to materially affect the company's income tax provision or net income. The company has recorded a $324 million provision for income taxes in 2018 including a net provision to adjust the estimated initial effects of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017. The company expects its effective tax rate in 2020 will be between 8% and 10% based on currently forecasted rates of profitability in the countries in which the company conducts business and expected generation of foreign tax credits.