Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems and energy storage products. We also offer maintenance, installation, operation and other services related to our products. We expect to further increase production capacity to 500,000 vehicles through the installation of additional equipment. We have commenced construction of the next phase of gigafactory shanghai to add model y manufacturing capacity at least equivalent to that for model 3. We are supplementing financing with limited direct capital expenditures. We have selected germany as the site of our next factory for manufacturing vehicles for the european market, due to its strong manufacturing and engineering presence. Achieving increased total vehicle production cost-effectively across all of our manufacturing operations will require that we timely address any bottlenecks that may arise as we ramp, establish and maintain sustained supplier capacity, and successfully utilize manufacturing processes at the maximum output rates that we have planned for them. We expect a similar impact in china for model y when we commence production there of this offering in the popular compact suv segment. We are making our existing vehicles incrementally more compelling, including through a planned software update for fsd-enabled vehicles to react to traffic lights and stop signs and navigate city intersections, and additional functionality of both in-vehicle software and the tesla mobile app. We continue to optimize our manufacturing and global delivery patterns to address higher volumes of our predominantly single-factory production at the fremont factory. We also continue to expand and invest in our servicing and charging locations and capabilities to keep pace with our customer vehicle fleet and ensure a convenient and efficient customer experience. We expect to continue to grow our retrofit solar system deployments as we execute our new strategy, including through compelling financing options such as a subscription-based offering, which is currently available in california. We are focused on training our personnel and third party partners to ramp installations of our solar roof, and are also hiring rapidly for its ongoing manufacturing ramp at gigafactory new york. We expect such ramp will support our significant operations and our compliance with minimum hiring and cumulative investment targets under our agreement with the suny foundation related to the construction and use of gigafactory new york. We also continuously evaluate, and as appropriate adjust, our capital expenditures based on, among other things: our manufacturing plans for our various products, which we may rebalance from time to time based on the mix of demand among them and other contingent factors; the pace and prioritization of current projects under development; and the addition of any new projects. We expect our average annual capital expenditures in 2020 and the two succeeding fiscal years to be $2.5 billion to $3.5 billion. We expect operating expenses as a percentage of revenue to continue to decrease in the future as we focus on increasing operational efficiency and process automation, as well as from increases in expected overall revenues from our expanding sales. We are generally increasing the capital efficiency of our projects with experience, and we may find that our actual capital expenditures on new projects are different than previously expected. Our capital expenditures are difficult to project beyond the short term, given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time. We believe that our consideration is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. We expect that our current sources of liquidity together with our projection of cash flows from operating activities will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months. A large portion of our future expenditures is to fund our growth, and we can adjust our capital and operating expenditures by operating segment, including future expansion of our product offerings, retail and service locations, body shops, mobile service fleet, and supercharger network.