In October 2019, we refined the bond matching approach used to determine the discount rate for our U.S. pension and postretirement plans by implementing advances in technology and modeling techniques. This refinement decreased the projected benefit obligation on our consolidated balance sheet by approximately $900 million as of December 31, 2019, decreased the pre-tax mark-to-market charge by approximately $810 million, and increased net income by $616 million. We continually adjust our air and ground network to better match higher volume levels, and we continue to deploy and utilize technology to increase package sorting and delivery productivity by reducing manual touchpoints. The growth in pickup and delivery and network operational costs was impacted by several factors, including higher employee compensation and benefit costs largely resulting from union pay rate and benefit increases, and growth in the overall size of the workforce due to facility expansions. We incurred higher employee benefit expenses due to additional headcount, contractual contribution rate increases to union multiemployer plans, and changes in benefit eligibility for certain union employees. We experienced growth from a number of large customers and small and medium-sized businesses, with volume growth led by our largest customer, Amazon. This growth was enabled by our ongoing investment in automated facilities and other transformation initiatives. We believe that our current cash position, access to commercial paper programs and debt capital markets, and cash flow generated from operations should be adequate not only for operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs, transformation strategy, and to fund dividend payments, share repurchases, pension contributions, and long-term debt payments through the next several years. We have commitments for the purchase of aircraft, vehicles, equipment, and real estate to provide for the replacement of existing capacity and anticipated future growth. Our capital expenditures on information technology increased in 2019 compared to 2018 due to continuing development of technology-enabled solutions and capitalized software projects. The increase in other occupancy expense and other occupancy expense excluding the year-over-year impact of transformation strategy costs was primarily driven by additional operating facilities coming into service. We evaluate the total range of actuarial outcomes when estimating losses that will ultimately occur. We believe our estimated reserves for such claims are adequate; actual experience in claim frequency and/or severity could materially differ from our estimates and affect our results of operations. We are involved in various legal proceedings and subject to various contingencies. We recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit. We regularly evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt or equity to refinance existing debt and to fund ongoing cash needs. We believe that funds from operations and borrowing programs will provide adequate sources of liquidity and capital resources to meet our expected long-term needs for the operation of our business, including anticipated capital expenditures, transformation strategy, and pension contributions for the foreseeable future.