We continue to focus on developing and commercializing therapies for the treatment of cystic fibrosis, which involves significant investments in scientific innovation and business development transactions. Our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of human disease and the science of therapeutics in order to identify and develop new medicines. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We have entered into arrangements with third parties, including collaboration and licensing arrangements, for the development, manufacture, and commercialization of drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to complement our ongoing research and development efforts. Our collaborative and royalty revenues include amounts related to upfront payments and milestone payments pursuant to our collaboration agreements. We have also entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties and acquired certain assets that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments by us upon the achievement of pre-established developmental, regulatory, and/or commercial targets. Our obligation to fund these efforts is contingent upon continued involvement in the programs and/or the lack of any adverse events that could cause the discontinuance of the programs. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates with the goal of creating transformative medicines for serious diseases. Our business development activities included collaborative upfront and option payments to various partners, which are reflected in our collaboration and asset acquisition expenses. We have made significant investments in business development transactions designed to augment our pipeline, and we expect to continue to identify and evaluate potential acquisitions that may be similar to or different from the transactions that we have engaged in previously. Our acquisitions have enhanced our capabilities and support the potential development of novel therapies. We have established preclinical genetic therapy programs and are pursuing other therapeutic approaches to address unmet medical needs. Our financial condition reflects our commitment to research and development, and we expect that cash flows from our products together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. We are subject to various data protection and privacy laws and regulations in the U.S., E.U., Canada, Australia, and other jurisdictions, and we expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer, and expand these compliance programs globally.