Amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing, and delivering innovative human therapeutics. The company focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and leverages its biologics manufacturing expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people's lives. Our strategy for long-term growth continues to focus on the discovery and development of innovative medicines to address serious illnesses, the development of branded biosimilars, global expansion, next-generation manufacturing of high-quality biologics, and the development of improved biologic drug delivery systems. We announced a restructuring plan during the second half of 2014 that reduces our staff and our facilities footprint by the end of 2015, allowing us to invest in continuing innovation and the launch of our new pipeline molecules while improving our cost structure. We are also advancing a number of key initiatives to streamline processes, increase agility and efficiencies, and improve operating performance. These initiatives include improved contracting and sourcing, rationalizing discretionary spending, greater use of shared services, and optimizing R&D efficiency. Our innovative pipeline, which includes both internally developed and externally acquired opportunities, continued to advance in 2014, with several medicines generating positive registration-enabling data. We believe that we are uniquely positioned for the opportunities arising in biology and to deliver our strategy. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products over time to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched, as well as to provide for revenue and earnings growth. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities; however, successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. We are also confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after product launch. Our business will continue to face various challenges, including increasing competitive pressure as a result of competitive product launches and the expiration of patents on our principal products. Current global economic conditions pose challenges to our business, including continued pressure to reduce healthcare expenditures. Efforts to reduce healthcare costs are being made by third-party payers, including governments and private payers. The continuing prominence of U.S. budget deficits increases the risk that taxes, fees, rebates, or other federal measures that would further reduce our revenues or increase our expenses may be enacted. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities, sales of marketable securities, borrowings through commercial paper and/or our syndicated credit facilities, and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets and equity markets. We will continue working closely with our customers, monitoring the economic situation, and taking appropriate actions as necessary. Our restructuring plan and our continued focus on increasing cost efficiencies in all areas of the company will enable us to reallocate resources to fund many of our growth opportunities to deliver value to patients and shareholders.