Our continuing operations are reported in three segments: domestic rental and management, international rental and management, and network development services. We believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless communications services and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our wireless real estate. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless communications services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the financial performance of our tenants, and their access to capital, and general economic conditions. We have entered into holistic master lease agreements with three of our four largest tenants in the United States, which provide for consistent, long-term revenue and a reduction in the likelihood of churn. Our holistic master lease agreements build and augment strong strategic partnerships with our tenants and have significantly reduced collocation cycle times, thereby providing our tenants with the ability to rapidly and efficiently deploy equipment on our sites. We expect to generate approximately $27 billion of non-cancellable tenant lease revenue over future periods, absent the impact of straight-line lease accounting. The revenues generated by our rental and management operations may also be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases. Revenue lost from either cancellations of leases at the end of their terms or rent negotiations historically has not had a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our rental and management operations. Our diversified communications site portfolio allows us to adapt to varying tenant lease rates depending upon numerous factors, including, but not limited to, the amount and type of tenant equipment on the tower, ground space required by the tenant, remaining tower capacity, and tower location. We anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network infrastructure is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. Our legacy site portfolio and our established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks, while also deploying next-generation wireless technologies. We continue to believe that our site leasing activity will continue to come from wireless service providers. In addition, we intend to continue to supplement the organic growth on our legacy sites by selectively developing or acquiring new sites in our existing and in new markets where we can achieve our risk-adjusted return on investment objectives. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities is dependent on our ability to maintain this recurring revenue and to convert it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and fully achieving our operating efficiencies. The key factors affecting our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities include the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites.