Our financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flow. We seek to efficiently manage shareholder dilution while maintaining the flexibility to issue shares for strategic purposes, such as financings, acquisitions, and aligning employee compensation with shareholders' interests. We utilize restricted stock units as our primary vehicle for equity compensation because we believe this compensation model aligns the long-term interests of our shareholders and employees. We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs. To minimize growth in fixed costs, we seek to improve process efficiencies and maintain a lean culture. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power and the advances of wireless connectivity, will continue to improve the consumer experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. We seek to efficiently invest in several areas of technology and content such as technology infrastructure, including AWS, expansion of new and existing product categories and offerings, and initiatives to expand our ecosystem of digital products and services, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we continue to add employees and technology infrastructure. We believe that our increasing diversification beyond the U.S. economy through our growing international businesses benefits our shareholders over the long term. Our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances. We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, obtain capital, finance, and operating lease arrangements, repurchase common stock, pay dividends, or repurchase, refinance, or otherwise restructure our debt for strategic reasons or to further strengthen our financial position. We expect variability in inventory turnover over time since it is affected by several factors, including our product mix, the mix of sales by us and by other sellers, our continuing focus on in-stock inventory availability and selection of product offerings, our investment in new geographies and product lines, and the extent to which we choose to utilize third-party fulfillment providers. We believe that cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, and borrowing available under our credit agreements will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs for at least the next 12 months. However, any projections of future cash needs and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. We seek to mitigate costs of shipping over time in part through achieving higher sales volumes, optimizing placement of fulfillment centers, negotiating better terms with our suppliers, and achieving better operating efficiencies. We expect to expand our fulfillment capacity to accommodate greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. We evaluate our facility requirements as necessary. We seek to improve all aspects of the customer experience, including lowering prices, improving availability, offering faster delivery and performance times, increasing selection, and earning customer trust. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is fundamental to our future success, and one way we offer lower prices is through shipping offers. We expect the acquisition to close in the first half of 2015, subject to closing conditions. Our financial reporting currency is the U.S. dollar and changes in foreign exchange rates significantly affect our reported results and consolidated trends. We believe it is useful to evaluate our operating results and growth rates before and after the effect of currency changes.