In the fourth quarter, we announced plans to reorganize the company, including realignment of our businesses into new reporting segments and organizational changes effective as of 1 October 2014. As a result of this initiative, we will incur ongoing severance and other charges. During the fourth quarter of 2014, an expense of $12.7 ($8.2 after-tax, or $.04 per share) was incurred relating to the elimination of approximately 50 positions. In 2015 and beyond, we expect the actions taken to date will provide approximately $10 in annual savings. Additional charges will be recorded in future periods as the company commits to specific actions. These actions could materially impact future operating profit for the period in which the charges are recorded. The impact of management and organizational changes, including pension settlement and other associated costs, reflects the company's ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation. Forward-looking statements contained in this management's discussion and analysis include statements about earnings guidance and business outlook based on management's reasonable expectations and assumptions. Actual performance and financial results may differ materially from projections and estimates expressed in the forward-looking statements due to many factors not anticipated by management, including the impact of competitive products and pricing, unexpected changes in raw material supply and markets, and the success of cost reduction efforts. The company disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained in this document to reflect any change in the company's assumptions, beliefs, or expectations or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances upon which any such forward-looking statements are based. The organizational changes and strategic initiatives undertaken are indicative of our commitment to maintaining operational flexibility and adaptability in response to external pressures and environmental perturbations. This proactive approach is essential for enhancing organizational resilience and ensuring continued performance under pressure, thereby supporting our major objectives and resource deployment strategies.