We have a history of innovation and offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as smartphones, hard disk drives, computer servers, consumer appliances, data networking and telecommunications equipment, enterprise storage and servers, and factory automation and industrial equipment. The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including general economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry and in our target markets, our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market, new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner, the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of expected customer orders and our ability to manage inventory, and the qualification, availability and pricing of competing products and technologies and the resulting effects on sales and pricing of our products. Current uncertainty in global economic conditions, including the economic recovery in the United States and the level of growth in China, still poses significant risks to our business. For example, customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn negatively affect product demand and our results of operations. We believe our aggregate sales to Apple, Inc. accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues for both fiscal years 2014 and 2013. We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top ten direct or indirect customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets and we have a direct sales force focused on supporting large OEMs. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, and cash flows from operations, combined with current borrowing availability under our 2014 revolving credit facility will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our current obligations, including the current portions of our long-term debt and interest due, projected working capital requirements, capital expenditures, quarterly cash dividends, and any share repurchases that we may choose to make for at least the next 12 months. We anticipate that our capital expenditures for fiscal year 2015 will be higher than for fiscal year 2014, due primarily to continued spending related to ongoing capacity expansion in our Fort Collins internal fabrication facility, as well as spending on equipment to support various research and development projects. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined by future operating performance and are, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future, due to the increasing complexity and number of products we plan to develop. We incurred total restructuring charges of $162 million for fiscal year 2014, which included costs primarily due to employee termination costs following the LSI acquisition. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges in future periods as a result of further integration and alignment of the completed LSI, PLX and Cyoptics acquisitions and acquisitions that we may make in the future. The increase in gross margin dollars for fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due primarily to gross margin contributions from the enterprise storage segment and application specific integrated circuits added as a result of the LSI acquisition, an increase in net revenue from, and improved product mix in, our wireless communications segment, as well as additional gross margin contributions from Cyoptics.