We believe that the opportunity to continue to grow our business exists for the markets in which we operate. Our growth has primarily been generated by our international accommodation reservation service brands, booking.com and agoda.com. We have experienced strong growth in our accommodation reservation services, which we believe is the result of, among other things, the broader shift of travel purchases from offline to online, the widespread adoption of mobile devices, and the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to build accommodation supply, content and distribution and to improve the customer experience on our websites and mobile apps. We expect that over the long-term, international online travel growth rates will follow a similar trend to that experienced in the United States. We believe that these trends and factors have enabled us to become the leading online accommodation reservation service provider in the world as measured by room nights booked. Our international business represents a substantial majority of our financial results. The uncertainty of macro-economic factors, the volatility in foreign exchange rates and their impact on consumer behavior, which may differ across regions, makes it more difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends and the timing and degree of their impact on our markets and business, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to effectively manage our business and adversely affect our results of operations. We compete with both online and traditional travel and travel-related reservation and search services. The market for the travel reservation and search services we offer is intensely competitive, a trend we expect to continue, and current and new competitors can launch new services at a relatively low cost. Disruptions in the economies of countries could cause, contribute to or be indicative of deteriorating macro-economic conditions. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We also intend to broaden the scope of our business and to that end, we explore strategic alternatives from time to time in the form of, among other things, mergers and acquisitions. Our goal is to grow gross profit and achieve healthy operating margins in an effort to maintain profitability. Concerns persist about the outlook for the global economy in general, and the European Union in particular, with recent declines in broad eurozone economic indicators raising fears about the pace of economic growth and the risk of deflation. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through aggressive marketing and promotional campaigns. We have observed an increase in promotional pricing to closed user groups, including through mobile apps. If we are unable to continue to rapidly innovate and create new, user-friendly and differentiated mobile offerings and efficiently and effectively advertise and distribute on these platforms, or if our mobile apps are not downloaded and used by consumers, we could lose market share to existing competitors or new entrants and our future growth and results of operations could be adversely affected. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide, and, over time, to offer other travel and travel-related services and further expand into other international markets. Factors beyond our control, such as worldwide recession, oil prices, terrorist attacks, unusual weather patterns, natural disasters, travel-related health concerns, political instability, regional hostilities, and imposition of taxes or surcharges by regulatory authorities could adversely affect our business and results of operations and impair our ability to effectively implement all or some of the initiatives described above.