Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. Our operating businesses are managed on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers; investing decisions, with limited exceptions, are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO. A key marketing strategy of our insurance businesses is the maintenance of extraordinary capital strength. This superior capital strength creates opportunities, especially with respect to reinsurance activities, to negotiate and enter into insurance and reinsurance contracts specially designed to meet the unique needs of insurance and reinsurance buyers. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance operations. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses has produced and is expected to continue to produce significant volatility in periodic underwriting results. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are subject to various external pressures that can impact performance. We strive to maintain high credit ratings so that the cost of our debt is minimized. We regularly access the credit markets, particularly through our railroad, utilities and energy, and finance and financial products businesses. Restricted access to credit markets at affordable rates in the future could have a significant negative impact on our operations. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a strong capital base. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to cash and cash equivalents. Our management does not evaluate underwriting performance based upon market share and our underwriters are instructed to reject inadequately priced risks. The favorable development in each period was primarily attributable to lower than expected losses reported from ceding companies. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting in each of the last three years. The increases reflected the impact of bolt-on business acquisitions, earnings growth in certain operations, and reductions in earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests. We continue to work diligently to address service issues without compromising safety. We added capacity through capital investments for line expansion, system improvement projects, additional equipment, and new employee hires. We plan to continue these initiatives in order to meet customer demand and improve and maintain service levels. Our management's discussion includes the evaluation of performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains. We believe that investment and derivatives gains/losses are often meaningless in terms of understanding our reported results or evaluating our economic performance. The business segment data should be read in conjunction with this discussion. The nature of property loss experience tends to be more volatile because of the effect of catastrophes and large individual property losses. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. We strive to maintain high credit ratings so that the cost of our debt is minimized. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to cash and cash equivalents.