Our business plans include goals for increasing customers and revenue. To reach our goals, we have actively invested in our network and operations, and have improved the quality and value of the products and packages that we offer. We have enhanced our video product by moving to an all-digital platform, offering more HD channels and increasing digital and HD-DVR penetration. We simplified our offers and pricing and improved our packaging of products to bring more value to new and existing customers. As part of our effort to create more value for customers, we have focused on driving penetration of our triple play offering, which includes more than 200 HD channels in most of our markets, video on demand, internet service, and fully-featured voice service. In addition, we have implemented a number of changes to our organizational structure, selling methods, and operating tactics. We have fully insourced our direct sales workforce and are increasingly insourcing our field operations and call center workforces and modifying the way our sales workforce is compensated, which we believe positions us for better customer service and growth. We expect that our enhanced product set combined with improved customer service will lead to lower customer churn and longer customer lifetimes, allowing us to grow our customer base and revenue more quickly and economically. We expect our capital expenditures to remain elevated as we strive to increase digital and HD-DVR penetration and place higher levels of customer premise equipment per transaction. These strategic initiatives reflect our adaptability and operational flexibility in response to changing market conditions, demonstrating our commitment to maintaining organizational health and performance under pressure. By enhancing our service offerings and restructuring our operations, we are positioning ourselves to confront external pressures and disruptions effectively, thereby fostering resilience and ensuring continuity in our business operations.