We are a global media and technology company with two primary businesses, Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from subscriptions to our cable services, which we market individually and in bundled service packages, and from the sale of advertising. We anticipate that our programming expenses will continue to increase, and we have and will continue to attempt to maintain a consistent operating margin in our cable communications segment through rate adjustments, the sale of additional cable services, and the continued growth of business services, as well as by achieving operating efficiencies. We believe that adding more content and delivering it through an increasing variety of platforms will assist in attracting and retaining customers for our cable services. To further enhance our video and high-speed internet services, we continue to develop and launch new technology initiatives, such as our X1 platform and cloud DVR technology, and deploy wireless gateway devices. Our cable communications segment leverages our existing cable distribution system to grow revenue by adding new customers, encouraging existing cable customers to add new or higher-tier services, and expanding our other services such as our business services offerings and our home security and automation services. We seek to balance promotional offers and rate increases with their expected effects on the number of customers and overall revenue. Our cable communications segment also sells advertising through our Spotlight business, and we generate revenue from the sale of advertising online and on our on-demand service. The results of operations of our reportable business segments are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven, and rapidly changing environments. We believe the increases in the number of business customers are primarily the result of our efforts to gain market share from competitors by offering competitive services and pricing. Our theme parks segment revenue increased primarily due to higher guest attendance and increases in per capita spending at our Universal theme parks, which depend heavily on the general environment for travel and tourism, including consumer spending on travel and other recreational activities. The increase in 2014 was primarily due to new attractions, such as the Wizarding World of Harry Potter - Diagon Alley in Orlando. Our nbcuniversal segments continue to invest in original programming and sports programming rights to compete for consumers of our content and for customers at our theme parks. We are continuing to expand our network of outdoor, business, and in-home Wi-Fi hotspots for most of our high-speed internet customers to access our high-speed internet services inside and outside the home. We expect capital expenditures to increase as a result of integration efforts following the close of the Time Warner Cable merger. Our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities, and we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements through our cash flows from operating activities, existing cash, cash equivalents, and investments. We also maintain significant availability under our lines of credit and our commercial paper programs to meet our short-term liquidity requirements. The time Warner Cable merger and the divestiture transactions are subject to separate conditions, and the time Warner Cable merger can be completed regardless of whether the divestiture transactions are ultimately completed.