We design, manufacture, and sell internet protocol (IP) based networking products and services related to the communications and information technology (IT) industry. Our strategy is to deliver integrated architectures, solutions, and outcomes to help our customers grow, manage costs, and mitigate risk. We see our customers, in almost every industry, becoming increasingly reliant on technology—and specifically the network—to meet their business objectives and compete successfully in the market. We believe this focus best positions us to become a more relevant and trusted partner to our customers and to expand our share of our customers' IT spending. We are focused on driving the innovation, speed, agility, and efficiencies in our company required to deliver leading technology solutions for our customers and shareholder value for our investors. As part of this transformation, we are making changes to how we are organized and how we deliver our technology. We believe these changes enable us to better meet our customers' requirements and help them stay ahead of market transitions. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. Inventory and supply chain management remain areas of focus as we balance the need to maintain supply chain flexibility to help ensure competitive lead times with the risk of inventory obsolescence, particularly in light of current macroeconomic uncertainties and conditions and the resulting potential for changes in future demand forecasts. We believe our inventory and purchase commitments levels are in line with our current demand forecasts. We continue to invest in R&D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. We expect to take action under our restructuring plan beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2015. We currently estimate that we will recognize pre-tax charges in an amount not expected to exceed $700 million consisting of severance and other one-time termination benefits, and other associated costs. Our headcount decreased by approximately 1,000 employees in fiscal 2014. The decrease was due to headcount reductions from attrition and from our workforce reduction plan announced in August 2013. We expect to reinvest substantially all of the cost savings from the restructuring actions in our key growth areas such as data center, software, security, and cloud. We believe that the amount of our inventory and purchase commitments is appropriate for our revenue levels. Our strategy and focus areas reflect our commitment to maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to changing market conditions. We are focused on capitalizing on market transitions to maintain leadership in our core markets and to enter new markets where the network is foundational. Our product and service gross margins may be impacted by economic downturns or uncertain economic conditions as well as our movement into new market opportunities, and could decline if any of the factors that impact our gross margins are adversely affected in future periods. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.