We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity, and changing laws and regulations. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health care costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. The potential effect of escalating health care costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers, and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in health care costs may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. We continue to analyze and refine our estimates of the ultimate impact of health care reform on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Health care reform provides growth opportunities for health insurers but also introduces new risks and uncertainties and required changes in the way products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed, and administered. We believe our pricing strategy, based on predictive modeling, proprietary research, and data-driven processes, has positioned us to benefit from potential growth opportunities available in fully insured commercial products. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We have achieved strong growth as a result of strategic mergers and acquisitions, and we have also achieved organic growth in our existing markets over time by delivering excellent service, offering competitively priced products, and providing access to high-quality provider networks. Significant transactions that have impacted or will impact our capital structure or influence how we conduct our business operations include the acquisition of Simply Healthcare, which aligns with our strategy for continued growth in our government business segment. We are also subject to regulations that may result in assessments under state insurance guarantee association laws. Our results of operations are impacted by levels and mix of membership, and we experienced membership declines due to unfavorable economic conditions driving increased unemployment. We believe the self-insured portion of our group membership base will continue to increase as a percentage of total group membership. Our operating revenue consists of premiums, administrative fees, and other revenue, and our benefit expense primarily includes costs of care for health services consumed by our members. We continue to pursue contracting and plan design changes, promote and implement performance-based contracts that reward clinical outcomes and quality, and expand our disease management and advanced care management programs. We are taking a leadership role in the area of payment reform by establishing the primary care doctor as central to the coordination of a patient's health care needs, which builds on the success of current patient-centered medical home programs in helping to improve patient care while lowering costs. We continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements, which include assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization when initially establishing claim liabilities. Our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements while preserving our asset base. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments, and funds available under our senior credit facility or from public or private financing sources will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions.