The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since our inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. As users in developing economies increasingly come online, we generate more and more revenues from international markets. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., especially in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. Our international revenues have gone from 55% of total revenues in 2013 to 57% in 2014. We expect that our results will continue to be impacted by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. Their energy and talent drive Google and create our success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We continue to make significant research and development (R&D) investments in areas of strategic focus, such as search and advertising, as well as in new products and services. The amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. In addition, acquisitions remain an important part of our strategy and use of capital, and we expect to continue to spend cash on acquisitions and other investments. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our products and services. We may make acquisitions, increase our capital expenditures, or license products and technologies complementary to our business and may need to raise additional capital through future debt or equity financing to provide for greater flexibility to fund these activities. We expect cost of revenues will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of total revenues in 2015 and future periods, based on a number of factors, including the relative growth rates of revenues from Google websites and from our Google network members' websites. We expect that R&D expenses will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of revenues in 2015 and future periods. We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of revenues in 2015 and future periods. We expect general and administrative expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in 2015 and in future periods. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, indirect taxes, labor and employment, commercial disputes, and other matters. We evaluate, on a monthly basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related ranges of possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances occur that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We expect that our results will continue to be impacted by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available.