We aim to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and driving growth and value creation in the assets we manage. Our growth has been driven by value that we have created through our operationally focused investment approach, the expansion of our existing businesses, our entry into new lines of business, innovation in the products that we offer investors in our funds, an increased focus on providing tailored solutions to our clients, and the integration of capital markets distribution activities. Our investment teams have deep industry knowledge and are supported by a substantial and diversified capital base, an integrated global investment platform, the expertise of operating consultants and senior advisors, and a worldwide network of business relationships that provide a significant source of investment opportunities, specialized knowledge during due diligence, and substantial resources for creating and realizing value for stakeholders. We believe that these aspects of our business will help us continue to expand and grow our business and deliver strong investment performance in a variety of economic and financial conditions. Our ability to grow our revenues depends in part on our ability to attract new capital and investors, our successful deployment of capital including from our balance sheet, and our ability to realize investments. We manage our liquidity and capital requirements by focusing on our cash flows before the consolidation of our funds and the effect of normal changes in short-term assets and liabilities. Our primary cash flow activities typically involve generating cash flow from operations, generating income from investment activities, funding capital commitments, developing and funding new investment strategies, and underwriting commitments in our capital markets business. We have access to funding under various credit facilities and other borrowing arrangements that we have entered into with major financial institutions or which we receive from the capital markets. We believe that the sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our segment balance sheet serves as a significant source of capital to further grow and expand our business, increase our participation in our existing businesses, and further align our interests with those of our fund investors and other stakeholders. We have a risk committee comprised of senior employees from across our business segments that monitors and evaluates KKR's general business risks. The risk committee is assisted by an employee dedicated to evaluating and monitoring market risk and coordinating such efforts across our businesses. Our management of market risk involves a balance sheet committee that must approve investments or transactions before they may be made, ensuring that we maintain operational flexibility and adaptability in response to changing market conditions. We utilize various committees to help manage market risk and general business risks, ensuring that we can confront and respond to unexpected situations effectively. Our investment strategies are designed to allow for operational continuity and resilience in the face of environmental disruptions, ensuring that we can maintain performance under pressure and adapt to the evolving competitive landscape.