We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. However, we expect 2015 net sales will decline in the low single-digit range from 2014 levels as we continue to see downward pressure from the effects of U.S. government budget reductions. The U.S. government continues to face significant fiscal and economic challenges such as financial deficits, budget uncertainty, and an economy with restrained growth. To address these challenges, the U.S. government continues to focus on discretionary spending, entitlement programs, taxes, and other initiatives to stimulate the economy, create jobs, and reduce the deficit. In light of the budget control act and deficit reduction pressures, it is likely that discretionary spending by the U.S. government will remain constrained for a number of years. Potential impacts of budget reductions could include disruption of ongoing programs, impacts to our supply chain, contractual actions, potential facilities closures, and personnel reductions across the industry that will severely impact advanced manufacturing operations and engineering expertise. Despite the continued uncertainty surrounding U.S. government budgets, the investments and acquisitions we have made in recent years have sought to align our businesses with what we believe are the most critical national priorities and mission areas. We are seeking to lessen our dependence on contracts with the U.S. government by focusing on expanding into adjacent markets close to our core capabilities and growing international sales. However, the possibility remains that our programs could be materially reduced, extended, or terminated as a result of the U.S. government's continuing assessment of priorities, changes in government priorities, or budget reductions. Additionally, decreases in production volume associated with budget cuts will increase unit costs making our products less affordable for both our U.S. and international customers. We have also experienced increased market pressures in our services businesses, including lower in-theater support and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. Our businesses with smaller, short-term contracts are the most susceptible to the impacts of budget reductions. We continue to experience uncertainty in our business environment due to significant fiscal and economic challenges facing the U.S. government, our primary customer, as well as market pressures. While initiatives such as the bipartisan budget act provide a more measured and strategic approach to addressing the U.S. government's fiscal challenges, budget reductions remain a long-term concern.