Throughout 2014, we continued to build momentum as we further optimized our business model. We were focused on three priorities to drive further top line growth including our enhanced sales & operations planning process, building on our customer experience design capabilities, and improving our relevance with the pro customer. In addition, we are continuing to transform from a single-channel, home improvement retailer to an omni-channel home improvement company. This allows us to sell products from a store, online, on-site, or through one of our contact centers and fulfill orders in the most convenient manner for our customers. Through our sales & operations planning process, we have improved seasonal planning, including the cadence of product introductions, promotions, and staffing. Our sales & operations process is anchored in the customer mindset for the season. The process ensures collaboration from all functions, including logistics, merchandising, and marketing, to make certain we have relevant products available to customers at the right time and those products are effectively advertised and strategically promoted to drive customer traffic. We continued to experience strength with our pro customers, which have performed at or above the company average comparable sales increase for 14 consecutive quarters. We have a strong foundation for doing business with pro customers with our dedicated service in the stores, inventory depth, job lot quantities, and a strong value proposition. Looking forward, economic forecasts for 2015 suggest moderately stronger growth in the home improvement industry. Stronger job and income growth and improving household financial conditions are expected to build on the momentum gained in 2014. We will continue to differentiate ourselves through better customer experiences and improving our product and service offering for the pro customer. We have made progress over the past few years to meet customers on their terms whenever and wherever they choose to engage, and we will continue to invest in omni-channel capabilities to ensure that we are convenient and easy to do business with. We also remain committed to improving our productivity and profitability in areas including store payroll, marketing, and efforts to leverage our scale to achieve cost savings on indirect spend. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2014 versus 2013 was primarily driven by changes in working capital and an increase in net earnings. Our fiscal 2015 capital forecast is approximately $1.4 billion, inclusive of approximately $200 million of lease commitments, resulting in a planned net cash outflow of $1.2 billion. Investments in our existing stores are expected to account for approximately 40% of net cash outflow, including investments in store equipment, resets, and remerchandising. Approximately 30% of the planned net cash outflow is for corporate programs, including investments to enhance the customer experience, as well as enhancements to the corporate infrastructure. In addition, approximately 30% of the planned net cash outflow is for store expansion. Our expansion plans for 2015 consist of 15 to 20 new home improvement and hardware stores, approximately half of which will be leased. We believe that net cash provided by operating and financing activities will be adequate not only for our operating requirements but also for investments in information technology, investments in our existing stores, expansion plans and acquisitions, if any, and to return cash to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases over the next 12 months. We also expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both short-term and long-term bases when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt. The availability and the borrowing costs of these funds could be adversely affected, however, by a downgrade of our debt ratings or a deterioration of certain financial ratios.