The semiconductor capital equipment industry has been highly competitive and subject to business cycles that historically have been characterized by rapid changes in demand. More recently, with consolidation in the customer base, the cyclical behavior appears to have diminished somewhat. The variability in our customers' investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors including but not limited to electronics demand, economic conditions (both general and in the semiconductor and electronics industries), industry supply and demand, prices for semiconductors, and our customers' ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex and costly semiconductor devices. We believe that, over the longer term, demand for our products should increase as the proportion of customers' capital expenditures rise in these technology inflection areas, and we continue to gain market share. Given the cyclical nature of the semiconductor equipment industry, we believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in research and development and capital infrastructure. We expect that our levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments will be sufficient to support our presently anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, and capital expenditures, through at least the next 12 months. In the longer term, liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. We have certain obligations to make future payments under various contracts, some of which are recorded on our balance sheet and some of which are not. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to Japanese customers was approximately $34 million as of June 29, 2014 compared to $70 million as of June 30, 2013. The increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due to higher business volumes as well as a more favorable product mix. We continued to make significant research and development investments focused on leading-edge deposition, plasma etch, single-wafer clean, and other semiconductor manufacturing requirements. The increase in research and development expense during fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to a $41 million increase in salaries and benefits related to higher headcount and higher incentive and equity compensation. Our cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities of $717 million during fiscal year 2014 consisted of significant changes in operating asset and liability accounts. We have entered into a $300 million revolving unsecured credit facility with a syndicate of lenders that matures on March 12, 2019. The facility includes an option for us to request an increase in the facility for a potential total commitment of $500 million. We believe that, if necessary, we will be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives. However, given the possibility of changes in market conditions or other occurrences, there can be no certainty that such funding will be available in needed quantities or on terms favorable to us. The process of integrated circuits fabrication consists of a complex series of process and preparation steps, and our product offerings in deposition, etch, and clean address a number of the most critical steps in the fabrication process. We leverage our expertise in semiconductor processing to develop technology and productivity solutions that typically benefit our customers through lower defect rates, enhanced yields, faster processing time, and reduced cost as well as by facilitating their ability to meet more stringent performance and design standards.