We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising and from fees associated with our payments infrastructure that enables people to purchase virtual and digital goods from developers. Trends in the number of users affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, the volume of payments transactions, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. We anticipate that growth in mobile users will continue to be the driver of our user growth for the foreseeable future. Our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook properties, including our mobile applications, and third-party affiliated websites or mobile applications. The most important factor driving advertising revenue growth was an increase in revenue from ads in news feed on both mobile devices and personal computers. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition for payments and other fees, income taxes, share-based compensation, loss contingencies, and business combinations and valuation of goodwill and other acquired intangible assets have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. We are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount. We believe that the amount or estimable range of reasonably possible loss will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows with respect to loss contingencies for legal and other contingencies. However, the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. We have not recorded any impairment charge during the years presented. We routinely review the remaining estimated useful lives of our finite-lived intangible assets. If we reduce the estimated useful life assumption for any asset, the remaining unamortized balance would be amortized over the revised estimated useful life. We anticipate making capital expenditures in 2015 of approximately $2.8 billion to $3.2 billion. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. We currently anticipate that our available funds, credit facilities, and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our operational cash needs for the foreseeable future. We have provided residual taxes in jurisdictions where we do not intend to indefinitely reinvest the earnings of the local subsidiary; however, the amount of taxes provided has been insignificant. We believe that use of Facebook through personal computers will continue to decline in all regions. We expect Facebook usage on personal computers will continue to decline in the future, which we expect to result in a decline of our payments revenue. We plan to continue hiring software engineers and other technical employees to support our research and development initiatives. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition for payments and other fees have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements.