Nvidia is dedicated to advancing visual computing, enabling individuals to interact with digital ideas, data, and entertainment with an ease and efficiency unmatched by any other communication medium. Our business model has three elements: creating Nvidia-branded products and services, offering our processors to original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, and licensing our intellectual property. We believe that our existing cash balances and anticipated cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our operating, acquisition, share repurchase, cash dividend, and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. However, there is no assurance that we will not need to raise additional equity or debt financing within this time frame. Factors that could affect our cash used or generated from operations and, as a result, our need to seek additional borrowings or capital include decreased demand and market acceptance for our products and/or our customers' products, inability to successfully develop and produce in volume production our next-generation products, and competitive pressures resulting in lower than expected average selling prices. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. The audit committee has reviewed our disclosures relating to our critical accounting policies and estimates in this annual report on Form 10-K. We recognize federal, state, and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize liabilities for potential United States and foreign income tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. We are aggressively defending our current litigation matters. However, there are many uncertainties associated with any litigation or investigations, and we cannot be certain that these actions or other third-party claims against us will be resolved without costly litigation, fines, and/or substantial settlement payments. If that occurs, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We also may require additional capital for other purposes not presently contemplated. If we are unable to obtain sufficient capital, we could be required to curtail capital equipment purchases or research and development expenditures, which could harm our business. Our overall gross margin was 55.5%, 54.9%, and 52.0% for fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. The increase over these fiscal years was driven primarily by a richer product mix in our GPU business, partially offset by lower Tegra business margins. We also adjust to other market factors, such as product offerings and pricing actions by our competitors, new product transitions, and macroeconomic conditions—all of which may impact demand for our products. We believe we are unable to apply our historical experience to reliably estimate the amount of rebates that will eventually be claimed by individual OEMs. We typically find that approximately 95% of the rebates we accrue each year are eventually claimed. Our customer programs also include marketing development funds, or MDFs, which represent monies paid to retailers, system builders, OEMs, distributors, add-in card partners, and other channel partners that are earmarked for market segment development and expansion. We account for MDFs as a reduction of revenue and apply a breakage factor to certain types of MDF program accruals for which we believe we can make a reasonable and reliable estimate of the amount that will ultimately be unclaimed. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, cost of revenue, expenses, and related disclosure of contingencies.