Our business practices continue to be the subject of an investigation by the China National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC). We also believe that certain licensees in China currently are not fully complying with their contractual obligations to report their sales of licensed products to us and that unlicensed companies may seek to delay execution of new licenses while the NDRC investigation is ongoing. We are taking steps to address these matters, although the nature and timing of any resolution is uncertain. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in 3G, 3G/4G multimode and 4G LTE technologies, audio and video codecs, wireless baseband chips, and our converged computing/communications (Snapdragon) chips. We are also investing across a broad spectrum of opportunities that leverage our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter into new industry segments, such as products designed for implementation of small cells and addressing the challenge of meeting the increased demand for data; products for the connected home and the Internet of Everything; automotive; very high-speed connectivity; new display technologies; data centers; mobile health; wireless charging; and machine learning, including robotics. We expect that the increased availability of low-tier 3G/4G smartphone products will help enable expansion in emerging regions. China continues to present significant opportunities for us, particularly with the rollout of 3G/4G LTE multimode. We expect the rollout of 4G services in China will encourage competition and growth, bringing the benefits of 3G/4G LTE multimode to consumers. Our success in China is in part dependent upon the rate of commercialization of 4G LTE products. We expect continued growth in the coming years in consumer demand for 3G, 3G/4G multimode, and 4G products and services around the world, driven primarily by smartphones. We expect growth in new device categories and industries, driven by the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones. We are taking steps to address these matters, although the nature and timing of any resolution is uncertain. Our business and operating segments derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents, software, and other rights. We conduct business primarily through two reportable segments, QCT (Qualcomm CDMA Technologies) and QTL (Qualcomm Technology Licensing). Our QCT segment is a leading developer and supplier of integrated circuits and system software based on CDMA, OFDMA, and other technologies for use in voice and data communications. We rely on independent third-party suppliers to perform the manufacturing and assembly, and most of the testing, of our integrated circuits based primarily on our proprietary designs and test programs. Our suppliers are also responsible for the procurement of most of the raw materials used in the production of our integrated circuits. We employ both turnkey and two-stage manufacturing models to purchase our integrated circuits. Our QTL licensing revenues are comprised of license fees as well as royalties based on sales by licensees of products incorporating or using our intellectual property. We recognize royalty revenues based on royalties reported by licensees during the quarter and when other revenue recognition criteria are met. We are also investing across a broad spectrum of opportunities that leverage our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter into new industry segments. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio, and pursue new businesses.