We design, develop, manufacture and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, advanced electric vehicle powertrain components and stationary energy storage applications. Our ability to launch the model x program on time and cost efficiently is dependent upon a variety of factors, including completion of production tooling, supplier readiness, engineering completion and the successful completion of our validation testing. In order to meet this anticipated demand for both model s and model x, we are executing a plan to increase our combined model s and model x production capacity to over 2,000 units per week by the end of 2015. Our recent production capacity expansion contributed to several weeks of production in excess of 1,000 vehicles per week during the last few months of 2014. However, the changeover to our new final assembly line during the third quarter of 2014 and the introduction of all-wheel drive dual motor model s onto this line during the fourth quarter of 2014 took longer than we expected. Consequently, we delivered fewer vehicles than we had planned in 2014. During 2015, we plan to achieve significant efficiencies in model s production and begin production of model x with the intent of achieving a significantly faster initial production ramp than we achieved with model s. Any unexpected issues with the expansion of our production capacity or the launch and ramp of model x production could affect our ability to meet future delivery targets. We expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles and improve our gross margin. Significant cost improvements for model s were achieved in 2013 and 2014, including part cost reductions as well as manufacturing efficiencies. We expect that this trend will continue as we execute on our roadmap. We expect that such improvements, when combined with a favorable mix of vehicles, will allow us to achieve a 30% gross margin on model s by the end of 2015, assuming no further deterioration in foreign currencies. However, we expect these cost improvements will be partially offset by production inefficiencies during the introduction of model x. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is critical. We are continuing to test the beta model x prototypes, and plan to begin building and testing a small fleet of release candidate model x vehicles later in the first quarter of 2015. We are also planning further investments in production capacity during 2015, including building a new paint shop and a new body shop for model x. We expect our annual production will increase by over 50% each year for the next several years. Our capital expenditures and operating expenses significantly increased in 2014. As we continue to invest in the long-term growth of Tesla, capital spending and operating expenses will continue to increase, but at a more moderate pace than in 2014. We also plan to grow our supercharger network by over 50% this year as well as continue other product development programs, including model 3. Our operating expenses will continue to grow in 2015, but at less than half the pace of growth in 2014. We expect overall operating expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue over time. We believe that our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, together with our current projections of cash flow from operating activities, will provide us with adequate liquidity over the next 12 months based on our current plans. These cash flows enable us to fund our ongoing operations, research and development projects for our planned model x, model 3, and certain other future products; purchase tooling and manufacturing equipment required to introduce model x and to continue to ramp up production of model s; construct our gigafactory; and establish and expand our stores, service centers and supercharger network.