The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We continued focusing on safety to reduce risk and eliminate incidents for our employees, our customers, and the public. We achieved our best ever reportable personal injury incidents per 200,000 employee-hours of 0.98 and improved our full year reportable derailment incident per million train miles by 7%. These results demonstrate our employees' dedication to our safety initiatives and our employee engagement efforts. We will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety, utilizing technology, risk assessment, quality control, training, and employee engagement, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. In 2015, we will continue to add resources to support growth, improve service, and replenish our surge capability. Our capital plan for 2015 is expected to be approximately $4.3 billion, which may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. Our major investment categories include renewing track infrastructure and upgrading our fleet of locomotives, freight cars, and domestic intermodal containers. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve existing capital assets to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency, and meet customer demand. We believe we have adequate access to capital markets to meet any foreseeable cash requirements, and we have sufficient financial capacity to satisfy our current liabilities. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is dependent on our financial stability. Deterioration of our operating results or financial condition due to internal or external factors could negatively impact our ability to access capital markets as a source of liquidity. We will continue to explore opportunities to reduce the impact of our operations on the environment, including investments in new technologies and using training programs to reduce fuel consumption. Our operating ratio improved to a new record low of 63.5% in 2014, driven by core pricing, business demand, and productivity, which more than offset the incremental operating costs associated with volume, a slower network, weather, and inflation. We successfully managed the growth of our full-time equivalent train and engine force levels at a rate less than our volume growth. Our financial performance reflects our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and maintain operational flexibility. We have identified 270 sites at which we are or may be liable for remediation costs associated with alleged contamination or for violations of environmental requirements. Our environmental liability activity reflects our commitment to manage risks associated with environmental regulations. We continue to take steps and explore opportunities to enhance our operational resilience in the face of challenges, including severe weather and infrastructure projects. Our strategic initiatives focus on enhancing operational capabilities and ensuring business continuity, which are essential for maintaining performance under pressure and adapting to external pressures.