Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. We are focused on ensuring that our operating environments safeguard and protect personal and business information, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, globally, attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication, and the company is regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code, and viruses. We have programs in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our existing solutions and services. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges, the demand for our services may diminish. Our businesses operate in industries that are subject to rapid technological advances and changing client needs and preferences. We invest our funds held for clients in accordance with prudent and conservative investment guidelines, where the safety of principal, liquidity, and diversification are the foremost objectives of our investment strategy. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years and out to ten years. We believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the committed reverse repurchase agreements to borrow thereunder, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the available funds. We have a strong business model with a high percentage of recurring revenues with strong client retention, good margins, the ability to generate consistent, healthy cash flows, and low capital expenditure requirements. Our investment portfolio does not contain any asset-backed securities with underlying collateral of subprime mortgages, alternative-a mortgages, sub-prime auto loans, or sub-prime home equity loans. We utilize a strategy by which we extend the maturities of our investment portfolio for funds held for clients and employ short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. We have successfully borrowed through the use of our commercial paper program on an as-needed basis to meet short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. The reduced availability of financing during periods of economic turmoil, even to borrowers with the highest credit ratings, may limit our ability to access short-term debt markets to meet the liquidity needs of our business.