We face a wide range of risks, and our continued success depends on our ability to identify, prioritize and appropriately manage our enterprise risk exposures. Difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy could have a material adverse effect on our investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm our business. Weak global financial markets impact the value of our existing investment portfolio, influence opportunities for new investments, and may contribute to generally weak economic fundamentals, which can have a negative impact on our operating activities. Our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally. A retrenchment of the recent improvements in overall capital market health could adversely affect our financial condition, including our capital position and our overall profitability. Market volatility and recessionary pressures could result in significant realized or unrealized losses due to severe price declines driven by increases in interest rates or credit spreads, defaults in payment of principal or interest, or credit rating downgrades. We need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, dividends on our common stock, interest on our debt and liabilities. Our access to additional funding will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit to the financial services industry and our credit rating. We have a credit facility agreement as a capital contingency plan with a syndicate of financial institutions that provides for borrowings in the amount of 55 billion yen. Our investment portfolio owns sizeable credit positions in many geographic areas of the world. Deterioration in their underlying economies, sovereign credit worthiness, or financial market conditions could negatively impact our financial position. We are exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our overall level of investment income will be negatively impacted if a low-interest-rate environment persists. Our operations in Japan, including realized gains and losses on Aflac Japan's investment portfolio, accounted for a significant portion of our total revenues. The concentration of our business in Japan poses risks to our operations, and we have material exposure to the Japanese economy, geopolitical climate, and other factors that determine a country's creditworthiness. We seek to match the investment currency and interest rate risk to our yen liabilities. The low level of interest rates available on yen-denominated securities has a negative effect on our overall net investment income. We attempt to match both the duration and currency of our assets with our liabilities. Our risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses or result in losses. We have developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss to the company. However, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. In times of market stress, unanticipated market movements or unanticipated claims experience may limit the effectiveness of our risk management strategies, resulting in losses to the company. The financial crisis also created new government regulation, which could impact the value of our significant holdings in banks and other financial institutions and our ability to conduct financial and capital market transactions. Our risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes, leading to risks that are not appropriately identified, monitored, or managed. The ability of Aflac to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could also be constrained by our dependence on financial strength ratings from independent rating agencies.