Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected, even in the short term, by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business and the communities where we are located. We have certain disaster recovery procedures in place and insurance to protect against such contingencies. However, such procedures may not be effective, and any insurance or recovery procedures may not continue to be available at reasonable prices and may not address all such losses or compensate us for the possible loss of clients or increase in claims and lawsuits directed against us because of any period during which we are unable to provide services. Our reputation is a key asset of the company. Negative perceptions or publicity regarding our level of service, trustworthiness, business practices, financial condition, and other subjective qualities could damage our reputation. The failure of an insurer with whom we place business could result in errors and omissions claims against us by our clients. Our operations in countries undergoing economic downturns expose us to risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our growing operations outside the U.S. expose us to risks different than those we face domestically. Adverse geopolitical or economic conditions may temporarily or permanently disrupt our operations in these countries or create difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain experienced and qualified personnel. The insurance brokerage industry has experienced intense competition for the services of leading brokers, and we have lost key brokers and groups of brokers to competitors in the past. Such departures could lead to the loss of clients and intellectual property. Our ability to generate premium-based commission revenue may also be challenged by the growing desire of some clients to compensate brokers based upon flat fees rather than variable commission rates. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses. The primary factors in determining our competitive position with other organizations in our industry are the quality of the services rendered and the overall costs to our clients. Our risk management operations face a variety of risks distinct from those faced by our brokerage operations, including the risks that the favorable trend among both insurers and insureds toward outsourcing various types of claims administration and risk management services will reverse or slow. We may not be able to develop further efficiencies in our claims-handling business and may be unable to obtain or retain certain clients if we fail to make adequate improvements in technology or operations. Our ability to recover successfully should we experience a disaster, cybersecurity attack, or other disruption to business continuity could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We maintain policies, procedures, and technical safeguards designed to protect the security and privacy of confidential, personal, and proprietary information. However, we cannot eliminate the risk of human error or inadequate safeguards against employee or vendor malfeasance. Our future effective tax rates could be unfavorably affected by changes in tax rates, discriminatory or confiscatory taxation, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, changes in tax laws or their interpretation, and the financial results of our international subsidiaries. Our ability to finance and integrate acquisitions may also decrease if we complete a greater number of large acquisitions than we have historically. Our acquisition program has been an important part of our historical growth, particularly in our brokerage segment, and we believe that similar acquisition activity will be important to maintaining comparable growth in the future.