Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, which has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. To handle the increase in end customers, we expect to continue to grow our headcount significantly over the next 12 months. As we have grown, we have had to manage an increasingly larger and more complex array of internal systems and processes to scale with all aspects of our business. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively. We must continue to improve our operational, financial, and management controls and our reporting processes and procedures and implement more extensive and integrated financial and business information systems. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate effectively and in the intended manner, may result in disruption of our current operations and end-customer relationships. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by rapidly growing companies in constantly evolving industries. If we do not address these risks successfully, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects will be adversely affected. Our results of operations are likely to vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors or our previously issued financial guidance, the market price of our common stock could decline substantially. We expect large purchases by a limited number of end customers to continue to represent a substantial portion of our revenue, and any loss or delay of expected purchases could result in material quarter-to-quarter fluctuations of our revenue or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations. We may not be able to sustain or increase our revenue from our large end customers or offset the discontinuation of concentrated purchases by our larger end customers with purchases by new or existing end customers. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We must continue to develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends and changing end-customer needs. The process of developing new technology is complex and uncertain, and new offerings require significant upfront investment that may not result in material design improvements to existing products or result in marketable new products or cost savings or revenue for an extended period of time, if at all. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. Weak domestic or global economic conditions, fear or anticipation of such conditions, or a reduction in information technology and network infrastructure spending could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects in a number of ways. Our products are very complex, and despite testing prior to their release, they have contained and may contain undetected defects or errors, especially when first introduced or when new versions are released. Product defects or errors could affect the performance of our products and could delay the development or release of new products or new versions of products. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers to build our products exposes us to manufacturing delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping end-customer orders on time. Our corporate headquarters and the operations of our key manufacturing vendors, logistics providers, and partners are located in areas exposed to risks of natural disasters such as earthquakes and tsunamis. A significant natural disaster could have a material adverse effect on our business, which could in turn materially affect our financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Breaches of our cybersecurity systems could degrade our ability to conduct our business operations and deliver products and services to our customers, delay our ability to recognize revenue, compromise the integrity of our software products, result in significant data losses and the theft of our intellectual property, damage our reputation, and expose us to liability to third parties.