Our business, operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including customer concentration, which increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and sensitivity to any material adverse developments experienced by our significant customers. We are dependent on a small number of direct customers for a majority of our business, revenue and results of operations, particularly in our wireless communications and enterprise storage segments. The loss of, or any substantial reduction in sales to, any of our major direct or end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. Our relationships with our major customers are generally good, but we do not have long-term contracts with any of them, which is typical of our industry. Orders can be, and often are, rescheduled, canceled and modified with little or no notice, which can challenge our resources and reduce margins. To ensure availability of our products for some of our largest customers, we start manufacturing our relevant products in advance of receiving purchase orders, based on our customers' forecasts. However, since actual demand for our products may not match these forecasts, we may be subject to increased risks of high inventory carrying costs, product obsolescence and increased operating costs. Our growth strategy includes the acquisition of businesses that offer complementary products, services and technologies, which may involve risks and uncertainties. The integration of acquired businesses may not be successful and could result in disruption to other parts of our business. We must implement our management information systems, operating systems and internal controls over, and assimilate and manage the personnel of the acquired operations. These difficulties may be further complicated by factors such as the size of the business or entity acquired, geographic distances, lack of experience operating in the geographic markets or industry sectors of the acquired business, and potential loss of key employees and customers. Our ability to manage these issues effectively is crucial for achieving the anticipated benefits of acquisitions. We are subject to risks in connection with the announcement and pendency of the broadcom transaction, including potential disruptions to our business and relationships with customers, vendors and employees. Uncertainties about the broadcom transaction may also impair our ability to retain, recruit or motivate key management and personnel. We are making substantial capital investments in our wireless product manufacturing facilities to increase our capacity; however, this may be insufficient to meet demand. Unanticipated delays in these activities could result in significant additional costs and could result in us being unable to timely satisfy customer demand for the products we plan to manufacture. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by any increase in costs related to increases in production capacity if revenues do not increase proportionately. We rely on our own internal information technology systems and on third parties to provide corporate infrastructure services necessary for the operation of our business. Any failure of our IT systems or one or more of our vendors to provide necessary services could have a material adverse effect on our business. We must conform the manufacture and distribution of our semiconductors to various laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in all countries as these requirements change. If we fail to comply with these requirements in the manufacture or distribution of our products, we could be required to pay civil penalties, face criminal prosecution, and, in some cases, be prohibited from distributing our products commercially until compliance is achieved.