Because of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, our past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate our results or trends in future periods. We are materially dependent on acceptance of our products by law enforcement markets, both domestic and international. If law enforcement agencies do not continue to purchase and use our products, our revenues will be adversely affected. The success of our evidence.com software as a service delivery model is materially dependent on acceptance of this business model by our law enforcement customers. Delayed or lengthy time to adoption by law enforcement agencies will negatively impact our sales and profitability. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. The development of new products and new product features is complex, time-consuming, and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The technology associated with law enforcement devices is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. Significant delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue. Interruptions or delays in service from our third-party cloud storage providers for our evidence.com service, or the loss or corruption of digitally stored evidence, would impair the delivery of our service and harm our business. Our business will also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our service is unreliable. Most of our end-user customers are subject to budgetary and political constraints that may delay or prevent sales. These agencies experience political pressure that may dictate the manner in which they spend money. As a result, even if an agency wants to acquire our products, it may be unable to purchase them due to budgetary or political constraints, particularly in challenging economic environments. We expend significant resources in anticipation of a sale due to our lengthy sales cycle and may receive no revenue in return. Adverse publicity surrounding our products or the safety of such products has in the past, and could in the future, lengthen our sales cycle with customers. We may incur substantial selling costs and expend significant effort in connection with the evaluation of our products by potential customers before they place an order. If these potential customers do not purchase our products, we will have expended significant resources and received no revenue in return. We may also be subject to lawsuits involving allegations of misuse of our products. If successful, wrongful death, personal injury, misuse, and other claims could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and could result in negative publicity about our products. We have been or could be in the future involved in numerous other litigation matters relating to our products, contracts, and business relationships, including litigation against persons who we believe have infringed on our intellectual property. Our future success depends upon our proprietary technology. Our protective measures, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret protection, and internet identity registrations, may prove inadequate to protect our proprietary rights and market advantage. We may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims, which could cause us to incur litigation costs and divert management attention from our business. Our operations are comprised of two reportable segments: the manufacture and sale of cews, accessories, and other related products and services, and the video business, which includes the taser cam, axon products, evidence.com, and mediasolv. Our central mission is to make the world a safer place by creating technologies which reduce violence. We believe this is because the only technologies capable of incapacitating a person to stop a threat have relied on the infliction of death or serious injury.