Difficult economic conditions may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations, as our results are significantly influenced by economic conditions both in the United States and globally. Uncertain expectations for global economic growth have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on us, in part due to our dependence on consumer and business activity levels. A prolonged period of slow economic growth could change customer behaviors, including spending on our cards and the willingness of card members to pay amounts owed. Our operating results may suffer due to substantial competition in the payments industry, where we face a wide variety of financial payment products and evolving alternative payment mechanisms. We may not be able to compete effectively against these threats or respond to changes in consumer spending habits as effectively as our competitors. The ability to differentiate ourselves from competitors and drive value for customers is crucial for maintaining our competitive advantage. Our business model is focused on card member spending, and discount revenue, which represents fees charged to merchants, is primarily driven by billed business volumes. Competitive and regulatory pressures on pricing could make it difficult to offset the costs of incentives provided to merchants. We face continued intense competitive pressure that may impact the prices we charge merchants, and the loss of business partners could significantly affect our results of operations. Our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel, and the loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business. We are subject to extensive government regulation and supervision, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The current environment of additional regulation and increased scrutiny may require us to change our business practices or alter our relationships with partners, merchants, and card members. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor, and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, operational risk, and compliance risk. Our operational risk management process defines operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems. We have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework to identify, measure, monitor, and report inherent and emerging operational risks. Our information security framework is designed to protect information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. We assess our cyber risk across categories of threat actors and have established a governance structure for our information security risk management program. Our compliance risk management program seeks to manage and mitigate compliance risk by assessing, controlling, monitoring, measuring, and reporting regulatory risks. We define reputational risk as the risk that negative publicity regarding our products, services, or business practices could cause a decline in our customer base or revenue. Our liquidity risk management strategy includes maintaining access to diverse sources of liquidity to meet our obligations and business requirements. We seek to maintain a solid and flexible equity capital profile and a broad set of funding sources to finance our assets. Our funding strategy aims to achieve cost efficiency while maintaining diversified sources and achieving our liquidity objectives.