We face intense competition from other manufacturers, including for both innovative medicines and lower-priced generic products. Competition is keen and includes technological advances and patents attained by our competitors, clinical study results from our products or a competitor's products that affect the value proposition for our products, and business combinations among our competitors. Our success is largely dependent on our continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical, and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical research and development, governmental regulation, and commercialization. We may not be able to consistently maintain a rich pipeline through internal R&D programs or transactions with third parties to support future revenue growth. We also may not be able to successfully realize the expected efficiencies and effectiveness from changes in our structure and operations to further our diversified specialty biopharmaceuticals strategy. The inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected approval and related launch date of a new product could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. We depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. We have historically derived a majority of our revenue and earnings from several key products, and our dependence on the profitability of certain products is likely to continue. A reduction in revenues from one or more of these products could significantly negatively impact our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. Our product supply and related patient access could be negatively impacted by product seizures or recalls or forced closings of manufacturing plants, our failure or the failure of any of our suppliers to comply with current good manufacturing practices and other applicable regulations or quality assurance guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages, or delays in product manufacturing. We are increasingly dependent on information technology, and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity and data leakage. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and information technology to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. We rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners, and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products, manage certain marketing, selling, human resource, finance, information technology, and other business unit and functional services. The failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on the company's operations and results. We have established a company-wide policy to limit our sales to direct customers for the purpose of complying with the SEC consent order. This policy includes the adoption of various procedures to monitor and limit sales to direct customers in accordance with the terms of the consent. We believe the above-described procedures provide a reasonable basis to ensure compliance with the consent. We are committed to developing innovative medicines that address serious unmet medical needs, and our strategic priorities include driving business performance, maintaining our leadership in immuno-oncology, and continuing our disciplined approach to capital allocation. We are evolving our commercial model and growing our marketed product portfolio in a manner consistent with our overall strategy.