Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our investment funds and reducing the ability of our investment funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings, and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including but not limited to changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates, and national and international political circumstances. These factors may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity and the value of investments, and we may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these market conditions and/or other events. During periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns, our funds' portfolio companies may experience adverse operating performance, decreased revenues, credit rating downgrades, financial losses, difficulty in obtaining access to financing, and increased funding costs. Negative financial results in our investment funds' portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns for our investment funds, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to raise new funds as well as our operating results and cash flow. Furthermore, such negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, thereby potentially resulting in a complete loss of the fund's investment in such portfolio company and a significant negative impact on the investment fund's performance and consequently to our operating results and cash flow, as well as to our reputation. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our businesses. Our plan, to the extent that market conditions permit, is to continue to grow our investment businesses and expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses. We may pursue growth through acquisitions of other investment management or advisory companies, acquisitions of critical business partners, or other strategic initiatives. Our growth strategy is based, in part, on the selective development or acquisition of asset management businesses, or other businesses complementary to our business where we think we can add substantial value or generate substantial returns. The success of this strategy will depend on, among other things, the availability of suitable opportunities, the level of competition from other companies that may have greater financial resources, our ability to value potential development or acquisition opportunities accurately and negotiate acceptable terms for those opportunities, and our ability to identify and enter into mutually beneficial relationships with venture partners.