The statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. Our business is highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions and economic conditions in the industries we serve. The demand for our products and services tends to be cyclical and can be significantly reduced in an economic environment characterized by lower levels of government and business investment, lower levels of business confidence, and lower consumer spending. Economic conditions affecting the industries we serve may in the future also lead to reduced capital expenditures by our customers, which are likely to lead to a decrease in the demand for our products. Decisions to purchase our products are dependent upon the performance of these industries, which in turn are dependent in part on commodity prices. Prices of commodities in these industries are frequently volatile and can change abruptly and unpredictably in response to general economic conditions, economic growth, government actions, regulatory actions, and any disruptions in production or distribution. We assume certain prices for key commodities in preparing our general economic and financial outlooks. Commodity prices lower than those assumed in our outlooks may negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability, and events beyond our control in the countries in which we operate. Our business could be negatively impacted by adverse fluctuations in freight costs, limitations on shipping and receiving capacity, and other disruptions in the transportation and shipping infrastructure. The occurrence of unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations. Natural disasters, pandemic illness, equipment failures, power outages, or other unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or distribution centers. Existing insurance arrangements may not provide protection for all of the costs that may arise from such events. We are actively engaged in a number of initiatives to increase our productivity, efficiency, and cash flow and to reduce costs, which we expect to have a positive effect on our business, competitive position, results of operations, and financial condition. Our restructuring activities continued as part of our ongoing efforts to optimize our cost structure and improve the efficiency of our operations. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges as we continue to contemplate cost reduction actions in an effort to optimize our cost structure. We may not realize anticipated savings or benefits from past or future cost reduction actions in full or in part or within the time periods we expect. We are also subject to the risks of labor unrest, negative publicity, and business disruption in connection with our cost reduction actions. Failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from our cost reduction actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, and cash flows. Our business is subject to the inventory management decisions and sourcing practices of our dealers and our OEM customers. We are subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs. Changes in environmental laws or regulations could result in higher expenses and payments, and uncertainty relating to environmental laws or regulations may also affect how we conduct our operations and structure our investments. We believe there is no more than a remote chance that a material amount for remedial activities at any individual site, or at all the sites in the aggregate, will be required. The demand for our equipment and related parts is highly cyclical and significantly impacted by commodity prices, although the impact may vary by reporting unit.