Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. The industries in which we compete experience rapid technology developments, rapid changes in industry standards and customer requirements, and frequent introductions and improvements of new products. Our ability to respond quickly to technological developments or customers' increasing technological requirements could make our products uncompetitive and obsolete. We must develop, acquire, or license new products and improve our existing products and processes on a schedule that keeps pace with technological developments and the requirements for products addressing a broad spectrum of designers and designer expertise in our industries. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions, and enhance and maintain our current products. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development efforts for new and existing products and technologies and technical sales support. Such investments may affect our operating results, and if the return on these investments is lower or develops more slowly than we expect, our revenue and operating results may suffer. Our business depends upon the continued services, efforts, and abilities of our senior management and other key employees. Competition for highly skilled executive officers and employees can be intense, particularly in geographic areas recognized as high technology centers. We may also experience increased compensation costs that are not offset by either improved productivity or higher sales. We depend on sole suppliers for certain hardware components and contract manufacturers for production of our emulation and prototyping hardware products, making us vulnerable to supply disruption and price fluctuation. Any supply or manufacturing disruption could delay our production process and prevent us from delivering completed hardware products to customers or from supplying new evaluation units to customers, which could have a negative impact on our revenue and operating results. Our reliance on sole suppliers could result in product delivery problems and delays and reduced control over product pricing and quality. We have acquired and expect to acquire other companies and businesses, and our future revenue growth and expansion of our business is dependent on our successful integration of our acquisitions. The performance goals pursuant to which future payments may be made generally relate to the achievement by the acquired company or business of certain specified bookings, revenue, run rate, product proliferation, product development, or employee retention goals during a specified period following completion of the acquisition. We have experienced varied operating results, and our operating results for any particular fiscal period are affected by the timing of revenue recognition. Our future business and financial results are subject to considerable uncertainty that could impact our stock price. If economic conditions deteriorate in the future, our future revenues and financial results could be adversely affected. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in keeping pace with all, or any, of the customer trends. Our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world. Activities that interfere with our international connectivity or operations could significantly interfere with our business operations. We are not insured for losses or interruptions caused by acts of war. Our operations are subject to income and transaction taxes in the United States and in multiple foreign jurisdictions. Future changes in domestic or international tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our future effective tax rates. Our stock price has been subject to fluctuations and may continue to be subject to fluctuations. The market price of our common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including quarterly or annual operating or financial results or forecasts that fail to meet or are inconsistent with earlier projections.