As a large company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, or financial condition. Our business is subject to substantial government regulation, as well as new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations that could force us to change how we conduct our business and restrict revenue growth. Existing or future laws, rules, regulatory interpretations, or judgments could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows by reducing the potential for growth in revenues and customers. The health care industry is regularly subject to negative media attention, which may adversely affect our stock price and reputation. We face price competition and other pressures that could result in premiums insufficient to cover the cost of health care services delivered to our customers. Our ability to execute our strategic and operational initiatives effectively will be critical for our future performance, including driving growth in targeted geographies and product lines. The current competitive, economic, and regulatory environment requires our organization to adapt rapidly to new opportunities and challenges. If we fail to effectively implement or adjust our strategic and operational initiatives, this failure may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We must identify, assess, and respond to new trends in the legislative and regulatory environment, as well as comply with existing regulations applicable to our business. Our profitability depends, in part, on our ability to accurately predict, price for, and effectively manage future health care costs through underwriting criteria, provider contracting, and utilization management. We are frequently the subject of regulatory market conduct and other reviews, audits, and investigations by state insurance and health and welfare departments, which could result in changes to our business practices and significant fines or penalties. Our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to, and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems. We must continue to invest in long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations, enhance the customer experience, and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats. Our success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continuing to deliver and enhance technology systems that support our business processes. We face risks related to litigation, regulatory audits, and investigations, which could include claims disputes under federal or state laws and disputes regarding reinsurance arrangements. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers is crucial, as our results of operations are substantially dependent on our ability to contract for these services at competitive prices. We must also develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and customer needs. Our strategic initiatives depend on effectively integrating our operations, including our acquired businesses, and promoting a global mindset and a focus on individual customers. Failure to do so may hinder our ability to grow as planned or result in unsatisfactory outcomes from expansion.