In an effort to minimize the impact on earnings of foreign currency rate movements, we engage in a combination of selling price increases, sourcing strategies, cost-containment measures and selective hedging of foreign currency transactions. The successful implementation of the remainder of the 2012 restructuring program presents significant organizational challenges and in some cases may require successful negotiations with third parties. Events and circumstances, such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays and unexpected costs may occur that could result in our not realizing all of the remaining anticipated benefits or our not realizing such benefits on our expected timetable. We have business continuity and contingency plans in place for key manufacturing sites and the supply of raw and packaging materials. Significant disruption of manufacturing or sourcing of products or materials for any of the above reasons could interrupt product supply and, if not remedied, have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We rely extensively on information technology systems, including some which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties and their vendors, in order to conduct our business. Although we have network security measures in place, our IT systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, phishing and other cyber-attacks. We cannot guarantee that our security efforts will prevent breaches or breakdowns of our, or our third-party service providers', IT systems since the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time. While we have disaster recovery and business continuity plans in place, if our IT systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly for any reason, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage or conduct business, as well as reputational harm and litigation, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. The company believes it is well prepared to meet the challenges ahead due to its strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments and continued focus on the company's strategic initiatives. The 2012 restructuring program's initiatives are expected to help us ensure sustained solid worldwide growth in unit volume, organic sales and earnings per share and enhance our global leadership positions in our core businesses. The major objectives of the program include becoming even stronger on the ground through the continued evolution and expansion of proven global and regional commercial capabilities, simplifying and standardizing how work gets done by increasing technology-enabled collaboration and taking advantage of global data and analytic capabilities, and reducing structural costs to continue to increase the company's gross and operating profit. The company expects the initiatives under the expanded program to have a similar aftertax rate of return to the existing program, which on average has been 30%. The company has developed key initiatives to build strong relationships with consumers, dental and veterinary professionals and retail customers. The investments needed to support growth are developed through continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. The achievement of our funding-the-growth targets depends on our ability to successfully identify and realize additional savings opportunities. The company continues to prioritize its investments toward its higher margin businesses, specifically oral care, personal care and pet nutrition.