Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments. Our ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors, and government authorities. Our cable communications business continues to seek ways to enhance the value of our cable services network, such as by growing our high-speed internet and business services businesses and by launching additional services. The success of any of these ongoing and future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses, and results of operations. Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments, and our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies. We expect that our programming expenses will continue to increase, which may negatively impact our operating margin. We will attempt to mitigate increases in operating costs and expenses by growing revenue, particularly in our high-speed internet, video, and business services businesses. We are also subject to regulation by federal, state, local, and foreign authorities, which may impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. Our cable networks, broadcast television, and filmed entertainment businesses have entered into agreements to license their prior season and library content on other distribution platforms. We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure, or destruction of such networks may disrupt our businesses. Network and information systems-related events could result in a degradation or disruption of our services, excessive call volume to call centers, or damage to our equipment, data, and properties. We may obtain certain confidential, proprietary, and personal information about our customers, personnel, and vendors, and any security breaches could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach. We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software, and operational support necessary to provide certain of our services. Weak economic conditions could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. Our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities, and we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements. We expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks. Our contractual obligations do not include the commitment to invest up to $4 billion at any one time as an investor in Atairos due to our inability to estimate the timing of this funding. We anticipate that we will continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows to meet our debt repayment obligations, to fund our capital expenditures, to invest in business opportunities, and to return capital to shareholders.