Our business is subject to the impact of domestic and international market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly reduce our contract volumes and make our financial results more volatile. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business. Compliance with regulations may require us and our customers to dedicate significant financial and operational resources that could result in some participants leaving our markets or decreasing their trading activity, which would negatively affect our profitability. We face intense competition from other companies, including some of our members. If we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business for our futures and options on futures business. We believe portions of Dodd-Frank and the corresponding regulations with respect to mandatory clearing and organized trading provide opportunities for our business. However, other portions of Dodd-Frank and the regulatory structure being implemented could negatively impact our business and our ability to compete effectively. We encounter competition in all aspects of our business, including from entities having substantially greater capital and resources, offering a wide range of products and services and in some cases operating under a different and possibly less stringent regulatory regime. Our clearing houses seek to offer customers, intermediaries and clearing firms universal access in order to maximize the efficient use of capital, exercise appropriate oversight of value at risk and maintain operating leverage from clearing activities. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and increase our contract volume. To do so, we must maintain and expand our product offerings, our customer base and our trade execution and clearing facilities. Our success also depends on our ability to offer competitive prices and services in an increasingly price-sensitive business. We are heavily dependent on the capacity, reliability and security of the computer and communications systems and software supporting our operations. We cannot assure you that we will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failure, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, acts of vandalism or similar occurrences. If any of our systems do not operate properly, are compromised or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, liability to customers, regulatory intervention or reputational damage that could affect demand by current and potential users of our market. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional costs to comply with the extensive regulations that apply to our business. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber-attack and other cybersecurity risks. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. We have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans and established backup sites. However, in the event of an attack or a threat of an attack, these security measures and contingency plans may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business, technology or access to the infrastructure necessary to maintain our business. Our compliance and risk management programs might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. The occurrence of any one of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.