Our system-wide restaurant sales were adversely impacted beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015 by food safety incidents associated with our restaurants, and we may not be able to regain lost sales. The significant amount of media coverage regarding these incidents may also negatively impact our ability to recover from these incidents. It may take longer for our sales, and customer perception of our brand, to recover than has been the case during past food safety incidents associated with other restaurant chains. Changes we have made in our operations to enhance the safety of the food we serve will adversely impact our financial performance and may negatively impact customer perception of our brand. As a result of the food safety incidents, we have implemented a number of enhancements to our food safety protocols, which will increase the cost of some ingredients or the amount of labor required to prepare and serve our food. If we aren't able to increase sales to offset the increased costs resulting from these changes, our margins will fall well short of levels we have historically achieved. The liabilities from customer claims and related litigation expenses may be greater than we anticipate due to the uncertainties inherent in litigation. All of these costs, liabilities, and expenses will negatively impact our operating results. Our ability to increase comparable restaurant sales depends on many factors, including perceptions of the brand and the safety and quality of our food, competition, executing our strategies effectively, changes in consumer preferences, and initial sales performance of new restaurants. Our growth strategy and the substantial investment associated with the development of each new restaurant may cause our operating results to fluctuate and be unpredictable or adversely affect our profits. We may not respond quickly enough to the changing demands that our expansion will impose on management, crew, and existing infrastructure. Changes as we grow may have a negative impact on the operation of our restaurants, and cost increases resulting from our inability to effectively manage our growth could adversely impact our profitability. Our plans call for a significant number of new restaurants, and our existing restaurant management systems, financial and management controls, information systems, and personnel may be inadequate to support our expansion. We also place a lot of importance on our culture, which we believe has been an important contributor to our success. As we grow, we may have difficulty maintaining our culture or adapting it sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. Our failure to foster and maintain our corporate culture could also harm our business and operating results. Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants. Increased labor costs due to factors like additional taxes or requirements to incur additional employee benefits costs would adversely impact our operating costs. Our success also depends in part on the energy and skills of our employees and our ability to hire, motivate, and keep qualified employees. Any increase in our turnover rates for managers could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be enough to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our total capital expenditures for 2015 were $257.4 million, and we expect to incur capital expenditures of about $260 million in 2016, primarily for the construction of new restaurants and food safety initiatives.