The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our U.S. and Canadian operations, which comprised 88% and 85% of net sales and operating income in 2015, respectively. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. Disruptions in our depot operations could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. We depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. Unforeseen disruptions in operations due to catastrophic events, labor issues, or other shipping problems may result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our warehouses. We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions and manage our business. Failure to adequately update our systems and disruptions in both our primary and backup systems could harm our ability to run our business. Any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are currently making significant technology investments to improve or replace our information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. Failure to monitor and choose the right investments could be harmful. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken. We are subject to payment-related risks, and if our internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for banks' compromised card re-issuance costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Our inability to attract, train, and retain highly qualified employees could adversely impact our business. Our success depends on the continued contributions of members of our senior management and other key personnel. We face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could adversely affect our business. The retail business is highly competitive, and our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures could result in lost market share. General economic factors may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Natural disasters or other catastrophic events could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Public health issues could disrupt our operations or have an adverse impact on consumer spending and confidence levels. We may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business. We use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline, and electricity in our distribution and warehouse operations. Increased regulations to limit greenhouse gas emissions may result in increased compliance costs that could materially affect our profitability. Our operations are also subject to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political, and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate. Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires that we make estimates and judgments that could be significantly affected if future occurrences differ from these assumptions.