Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and our business could be harmed if any of these risks materialize. We depend on a limited number of major vehicle sellers for a substantial portion of our revenues, and the loss of one or more of these sellers could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Our expansion into international markets exposes us to risks arising from operating in these environments, and any failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We must develop policies and procedures to manage our business on a global scale, and operationally, acquired businesses typically depend on key seller relationships. Our international operations will continue to subject us to risks associated with managing foreign offices, including increased travel, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs. We anticipate that our international operations will require adaptation to different business cultures and market structures, particularly where we seek to implement our auction model. Our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these risks is crucial for our success. We face risks associated with the implementation of our salvage auction model in markets that may not operate on the same terms as the North American market. The integration of operations, including information technology and financial functions, may not proceed as anticipated and could result in unanticipated costs or expenses. The transition to our new internal proprietary system will require substantial financial, operational, and technical resources, and any disruptions relating to our system enhancements could materially and adversely affect our business. Our success depends on maintaining the integrity of our systems and infrastructure, and any failure to do so may result in loss of customers due to slow delivery times or unreliable service levels. We are constantly evaluating and implementing new technologies and processes to manage risks relating to cyber-attacks and system disruptions. Our operations are subject to various environmental risks, and we could incur substantial expenditures for preventative, investigative, or remedial action. Adverse U.S. and international economic conditions may negatively affect our business, operating results, or financial condition. We recognize that our ability to manage growth depends not only on our ability to integrate new facilities but also on hiring and training qualified personnel, establishing relationships with vehicle sellers, and maintaining the supply of vehicles. Our annual and quarterly performance may fluctuate, causing the price of our stock to decline. We may not always be able to introduce our processes to acquired companies due to different operating models in international jurisdictions, which could delay the associated benefits of acquisitions. Our business is exposed to risks associated with online commerce security and credit card fraud, and consumer concerns over transaction security may inhibit the growth of online commerce. We have implemented certain anti-fraud measures; however, a failure to adequately prevent fraudulent transactions could adversely affect our financial position. We face significant competition for the supply of salvage vehicles and for buyers, and our principal competitors may have greater financial resources. The salvage vehicle sales industry is highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete successfully. Our operations and acquisitions expose us to political, regulatory, economic, and reputational risks, and our failure to comply with laws could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation.