Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations are subject to numerous factors, including changes in the global economic environment, which could contribute to more pronounced fluctuations. The overall movement toward industry consolidation among both our competitors and our customers may affect our ability to maintain competitive advantage. We have been investing and expect to continue to invest in key growth areas, and if the return on these investments is lower or develops more slowly than we expect, our operating results may be harmed. We expect to realign and dedicate resources into key growth areas while focusing on maintaining leadership in routing, switching, and services. However, the return on our investments may be lower than anticipated, or the achievement of benefits may be delayed. Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions, and the uncertain geopolitical environment could contribute to slowdowns in the communications and networking industries. Trust and confidence in us as an IT supplier is critical to the development and growth of our markets. Impairment of that trust could affect the demand for our products and have an adverse effect on our operating results. We have experienced longer than normal manufacturing lead times, which have caused some customers to place the same order multiple times, leading to difficulties in predicting revenue and managing parts inventory effectively. We plan our operating expense levels based primarily on forecasted revenue levels, and a shortfall in revenue could lead to operating results being below expectations. Our revenue may grow at a slower rate than in past periods or decline, and we have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. This can increase costs and result in periods of underutilized capacity, as well as potential additional inventory management-related costs. Our inventory management remains an area of focus, as we balance the need to maintain strategic inventory levels against the risk of inventory obsolescence due to rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. We have increased our efforts in procuring components to meet customer expectations, which contributes to an increase in purchase commitments. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past, which have affected our operations. The timing of large orders can also significantly affect our business and operating results. Our ability to meet financial expectations could be adversely affected if nonlinear sales patterns recur in future periods. We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates, which could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows. Our business and operations are especially subject to the risks of natural catastrophic events, and disruptions from man-made problems such as computer viruses or terrorism may harm our operating results. We must manage our strategic alliances effectively to realize expected benefits and avoid increased competition or delays in product development. The inherent nature of networking requires interoperability, and any inability to manage complicated relationships with customers, suppliers, and strategic alliance partners could adversely affect our business.