Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability and/or disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes and systems, behaviors and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods and other forms of severe weather, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats and terrorist acts, any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. The company evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as part of its business planning process. Extended periods of low prices for crude oil can have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. The company may be unable to realize anticipated cost savings, expenditure reductions and asset sales that are intended to compensate for such downturns. The scope of Chevron's business will decline if the company does not successfully develop resources. Creating and maintaining an inventory of projects depends on many factors, including obtaining and renewing rights to explore, develop and produce hydrocarbons; drilling success; ability to bring long-lead-time, capital-intensive projects to completion on budget and on schedule; and efficient and profitable operation of mature properties. Chevron's business subjects the company to liability risks from litigation or government action. The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure. Political instability and significant changes in the regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business. The company's operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which it operates. Changes in national or state environmental regulations could adversely affect the company's current or anticipated future operations and profitability. Consideration of greenhouse gas issues and the responses to those issues through international agreements and national, regional or state legislation or regulations are integrated into the company's strategy and planning, capital investment reviews, and risk management tools and processes, where applicable. The actual level of expenditure required to comply with new or potential greenhouse gas emissions laws and regulations is difficult to predict with certainty and is expected to vary depending on the actual laws and regulations enacted in a jurisdiction, the company's activities in it and market conditions. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance in any given period. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans; estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves; accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves; and impairments to property, plant and equipment.