The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. Severe weather, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods, and other natural disasters can disrupt operation of the companies' facilities and cause service outages, production delays, and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. Changes in global climate may produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent, and extreme weather events, which could adversely affect operations. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation, which could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the companies to monetary penalties. The companies are dependent on their contractors for the successful and timely completion of large-scale infrastructure projects, which involves significant execution risk. The advancement of the companies' ventures is affected by the interventions, litigation, or other activities of stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose natural gas-related and energy infrastructure projects. If the companies are unable to obtain or maintain the required approvals, develop the necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources, or effectively handle public outreach efforts, there could be an adverse impact on their financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The companies' businesses are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues which could negatively affect their operations. The companies' infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval before construction can commence, and they may not complete projects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated. Unplanned outages of the companies' facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the companies' business. The companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving demand for electricity and gas and related services, including technological advances that mandate new levels of energy efficiency and changes in customer growth or usage patterns. The companies' operations are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs. Compliance with these legal requirements requires the companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of environmental control equipment, and purchase of allowances. The companies' operations are also subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash, which could result in remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, litigation, increased regulation and compliance costs, and reputational damage. The companies maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize the financial exposure to risks associated with their nuclear generating units; however, it is possible that future decommissioning costs could exceed amounts in the decommissioning trusts. The companies' ability to recover costs and earn a reasonable return on capital investment may be negatively impacted if they incur significant additional expenses during periods of severe weather events and natural disasters. The companies' strategic growth plan relies on the successful execution of their infrastructure projects, and any failure to do so could adversely impact their financial performance.