The company’s profitability and growth prospects are tied directly to the global marketplace, and restricted access to global markets impairs its ability to export goods and services, limiting access to raw materials and high-quality parts at competitive prices. Trade restrictions could limit the company’s ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets and impair its ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products, and services. The ability to export agricultural and forestry commodities is critical to the company’s customers, and policies impacting exchange rates and commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the international flow of agricultural commodities, resulting in a corresponding negative effect on demand for agricultural equipment. The company’s operations and results could also be impacted by financial regulatory reform, which could adversely affect the financial services segment and its customers by limiting their ability to enter into hedging transactions or finance purchases. The company’s business results depend largely on its ability to understand its customers’ specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand. The company’s ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers’ anticipated preferences is critical to its success. The company’s business may be directly and indirectly affected by unfavorable weather conditions or natural disasters that reduce agricultural production and demand for equipment. Adverse weather conditions in a particular geographic region may adversely affect sales of some equipment. Changes in the availability and price of raw materials could result in production disruptions or increased costs, significantly increasing production costs during times of economic volatility. Supply chain disruptions due to supplier financial distress or natural disaster events could affect operations and profitability. The company’s financial services segment is exposed to the risk that customers will default on contractual obligations, and negative market conditions could reduce customer confidence levels, impacting credit applications and increasing default rates. The company’s operations are subject to and affected by increasingly rigorous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, which could prevent or restrict operations and require significant expenditures to achieve compliance. Security breaches and disruptions to the company’s information technology infrastructure could interfere with operations and compromise sensitive information, exposing the company to liability and damaging its reputation. The company may incur increased costs due to new greenhouse gas emission standards and could be impacted by physical effects attributed to climate change on its facilities, suppliers, and customers. The potential physical impacts of climate change on operations are highly uncertain and may adversely impact demand for products and financial performance. The company’s consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. dollars while certain assets are denominated in other currencies, creating currency translation risk. Substantial fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar could have a significant impact on results. The company’s operations, suppliers, and customers are subject to changing legal and regulatory requirements that could adversely affect operations and financial condition. The company’s ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical for maintaining operational continuity and competitive advantage.