Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures, limits and reporting requirements. Our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes, competitors' actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, techniques and models. We continue to expand our marketing of our personal loan, private student loan and home equity loan products. Our failure to manage our credit and other risks may materially adversely affect our profitability and our ability to grow these products, limiting our ability to further diversify our business. We are subject to the risk of fraudulent activity associated with merchants, customers and other third parties handling customer information. The risk of fraud continues to increase for the financial services industry in general. Our resources and fraud prevention tools may be insufficient to accurately predict and prevent fraud. Our business depends upon relationships with issuers, merchant acquirers and licensees, which are generally financial institutions. The economic and regulatory environment and increased consolidation in the financial services industry decrease our opportunities for new business and may result in the termination of existing business relationships if a business partner is acquired or goes out of business. We continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume and business strategies. Our ability to remain organizationally effective is critical to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment. To remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. If we fail to develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses, we may be unable to expand quickly and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. Our ability to manage our liquidity risk is crucial, and we require liquidity in order to meet cash requirements such as day-to-day operating expenses, extensions of credit on our consumer loans and required payments of principal and interest on our borrowings. Our liquidity management practices position us well to comply with new standards. We seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to be able to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations for at least 12 months in a severe stress environment. We employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity, including early warning indicators to detect initial phases of liquidity stress events. We have access to committed undrawn capacity through privately placed asset-backed securitizations and maintain high-quality, liquid, unencumbered assets in our liquidity portfolio that we expect to be able to convert to cash quickly. The long-term success of our international network business depends upon achieving meaningful global card acceptance, which may include higher overall costs or longer timeframes than anticipated. Our risk management framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss, and if our risk management framework and models do not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses.