For an enterprise as large and complex as the company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. Changes in U.S., global, or regional economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of some or all of our businesses. A decline in economic activity can adversely affect demand for any of our businesses, thus reducing our revenue and earnings. Past declines in economic conditions reduced spending at our parks and resorts, and similar impacts can be expected should such conditions recur. Our businesses create entertainment, travel, and consumer products whose success depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create and distribute offerings that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments. In order to respond to these developments, we may be required to alter our business models, and there can be no assurance that we will successfully respond to these changes or that the business models we develop will be as profitable as our current business models. A variety of uncontrollable events may reduce demand for our products and services, impair our ability to provide our products and services, or increase the cost of providing our products and services. The environment for travel and tourism, as well as demand for other entertainment products, can be significantly adversely affected by factors beyond our control, including adverse weather conditions, catastrophic events or natural disasters, health concerns, and international political or military developments. These events may also damage our ability to provide our products and services or to obtain insurance coverage. We derive royalties from the sales of our licensed goods and services by third parties and are therefore dependent on the successes of those third parties for that portion of our revenue. Changes in our business strategy or restructuring may increase our costs or otherwise affect the profitability of our businesses. As changes in our business environment occur, we may need to adjust our business strategies to meet these changes or may otherwise find it necessary to restructure our operations. Increased competitive pressures may reduce our revenues or increase our costs. We face substantial competition in each of our businesses from alternative providers of the products and services we offer. Sustained increases in costs of employee benefits may reduce our profitability. Our results may be adversely affected if long-term programming or carriage contracts are not renewed on sufficiently favorable terms. Changes in regulations applicable to our businesses may impair the profitability of our businesses. Labor disputes may disrupt our operations and adversely affect profitability. The seasonality of certain businesses could exacerbate negative impacts on our operations. The company has a foreign exchange risk management program intended to reduce earnings fluctuations associated with foreign currency exchange rate changes. The company's financial condition is strong, and its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures. However, the company's operating cash flow and access to capital markets can be impacted by macroeconomic factors outside of its control. The company is required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and if current events or circumstances require. The company evaluates its allowance for doubtful accounts and estimates collectability of accounts receivable based on historical bad debt experience and the financial condition of individual companies with which it does business.