Our business and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty, which could adversely affect our organizational resilience. We devote significant financial and other resources to our research and development activities; however, the research and development process is prolonged and entails considerable uncertainty. We may experience supply interruptions that could harm our ability to manufacture products, and our reliance on external suppliers creates vulnerabilities in our operational continuity. General economic conditions could adversely affect the financial viability of our suppliers, resulting in their inability to provide materials and components used in the manufacture of our products. We work closely with suppliers to monitor their financial viability and assure continuity of supply, but these efforts may not be successful. Our manufacturing processes are highly complex and subject to strict quality controls, and disruptions can occur during the implementation of new equipment and systems. If we fail to meet our internal quality standards or those of regulatory bodies, our reputation could be damaged, and our business could be adversely affected. We believe that our exposure to significant losses from catastrophic disasters could be partially mitigated by our ability to manufacture some of our products at other facilities, although such losses could have a material adverse effect on our business for an indeterminate period. We may not successfully identify and complete acquisitions or strategic alliances on favorable terms, and such acquisitions could result in unforeseen operating difficulties. The cardiovascular medical device industry is highly competitive, and our ability to compete will depend in large part on our ability to develop and acquire new products and technologies, anticipate technology advances, and keep pace with other developers. If we are unable to recruit, hire, develop, and retain a talented workforce, our ability to compete may be adversely affected. Our competitive position can also be adversely affected by product problems, reflecting the importance of quality in the medical device industry. The regulatory approval process for new products requires extensive clinical trials and procedures, and unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary approvals. Our success depends upon strong relationships with certain key physicians, and if new laws or regulations limit our ability to maintain these relationships, the development and marketing of our products could suffer. External factors can affect our profitability, including general domestic and global economic conditions, which may impact our customers' ability to purchase our products. The health care industry is consolidating, and larger customers may exert downward pressure on product pricing, which could adversely impact our business. Third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs, which could harm our ability to profitably sell our products. We are subject to rigorous governmental regulations, and failure to comply could adversely affect our business. We anticipate that the government will continue to scrutinize our industry closely, which may lead to greater governmental regulation in the future. Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety regulations that could result in substantial costs, and new laws or stricter enforcement could require us to incur costs or increase liabilities. We believe our focus on innovation and a robust product pipeline will help us sustain our successes and build long-term value for our shareholders.