Our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The most significant risks and uncertainties known to us which may cause the operating results to vary from anticipated results or which may negatively affect our operating results and profitability include potential material liability for property damage, environmental damage, personal injury, or death linked to the use of our products by our customers. Some of our customers operate in challenging industries where there is a material risk of catastrophic events. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues. The proper functioning of our information systems is critical to the successful operation of our business. Although our information systems are protected with robust backup systems, they are still vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, unauthorized access, telecommunication failures, and other problems. Disruptions or failures of, or security breaches with respect to, our information technology infrastructure could have a negative impact on our operations. In the event of a cyber security incident, we could experience certain operational problems or interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, or become subject to legal or regulatory proceedings, any of which could lead to damage to our reputation in the marketplace. Our growth is dependent primarily on our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers. We expect to open new stores at the rate of approximately 2% to 3% in 2016; however, we cannot assure you that we can open stores at this rate. Our 'pathway-to-profit' strategy, the goal of which is to improve our pre-tax profit margins by growing the average annual sales of our stores, may prove unsuccessful on a long-term basis. A downturn in the economy or in the principal markets served by us or difficulty in attracting and retaining qualified sales and sales leadership personnel could adversely impact our ability to continue to grow our average per store sales. Our success also depends on the efforts and abilities of certain key senior management, and difficulties in smoothly implementing transitions or the loss of the services of one or more of such key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. The industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry is consolidating, which could cause it to become more competitive and could negatively impact our business. Our competitive advantage in our industrial vending business could be eliminated, and the loss of key suppliers of equipment and services for that business could be disruptive. We believe we have a competitive advantage in industrial vending due to our vending hardware and software, our local store presence, and our distribution strength. The nature of our business requires us to receive, retain, and transmit certain personally identifying information that our customers provide. While we have taken significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, a compromise of our data security systems could result in operational problems or interruptions. We may not be able to meet our goals regarding new store openings and other growth drivers of our business. Changes in customer or product mix, downward pressure on sales prices, and changes in volume of orders could cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline. Our ability to identify new products and product lines and integrate them into our store and distribution network may impact our ability to compete and our sales and profit margins. We have experienced changes in customer or product mix that have caused our gross profit percentage to deteriorate. Our success depends in part on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain qualified employees. An inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified individuals in the future may delay the planned openings of new stores and planned expansion of our other selling channels.