We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients and their customers. An operational failure in our transaction processing businesses, including our business continuity and disaster recovery capabilities, could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. A prolonged interruption of our services or network could cause us to experience data loss or a reduction in revenue. We may experience software defects, development delays or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. Our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new applications and services. The complexity of these regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. Our failure to comply with applicable regulations could harm our business. We are generally not directly subject to federal or state regulations specifically applicable to financial institutions such as banks, thrifts and credit unions. However, as a provider of services to these financial institutions, we are subject to contractual requirements imposed by the financial institutions with respect to a number of state and federal regulations. We depend on the experience, skill and contributions of our senior management and other key employees. If we fail to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified management, technical, compliance and sales personnel, our future success could be harmed. Our products and services require sophisticated knowledge of the financial services industry, applicable regulatory and industry requirements, computer systems, and software applications, and if we cannot hire or retain the necessary skilled personnel, we could suffer delays in new product development, experience difficulty complying with applicable requirements or otherwise fail to satisfy our clients' demands. Our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent 76% of our total assets. The impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our results of operations. Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions and financial, business and other factors affecting our consolidated operations, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, any such financing, refinancing or sale of assets might not be available at all or on economically favorable terms. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We have clients that span the entire range of financial institutions in terms of asset size and business model, and our 50 largest financial institution clients represent less than 25% of our annual revenue. We believe that our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges that they currently face by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. The market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly. The financial industry regularly introduces and implements new payment, deposit, lending, investment and risk management products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers.