We continue to expand the pursuit of our decision management strategy, which is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple products to clients and developing custom client solutions. Our growth and the success of our decision management strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products or suites of products, including cloud-based offerings. If we are unable to develop new products or experience defects, failures, and delays associated with their introduction, our business could suffer serious harm. The businesses of our largest customers depend, in large part, on favorable macroeconomic conditions, and if these customers are negatively impacted by weak global economic conditions, our revenues and operating results could decline. We rely on relationships with third parties for marketing, distribution, and certain services, and if we experience difficulties in these relationships, our future revenues may be adversely affected. The potential for economic disruption presents considerable risks to our business, including potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions with which we have substantial relationships. Disruption could result in a decline in the volume of transactions that we execute for our customers. Our reengineering initiative is designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions, but it may not be successful over the long term. We have experienced delays while developing and introducing new products due to difficulties developing models, acquiring data, and adapting to particular operating environments. If we fail to penetrate new markets or develop additional distribution channels, our business and growth prospects could suffer. Our ability to increase revenues will depend on introducing new products and services, and if the marketplace does not accept these, our revenues may decline. The market for business analytics is new, rapidly evolving, and highly competitive, and we expect competition in this market to persist and intensify. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to innovate by internally developing new and competitive technologies, anticipate and effectively respond to changing customer needs, and influence emerging industry standards. If we fail to keep up with rapidly changing technologies, our products could become less competitive or obsolete. The overall effects of legislative and regulatory efforts on the financial markets are uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilization effects. Should these or other legislative or regulatory initiatives fail to stabilize and add liquidity to the financial markets over the long term, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Our revenues depend, to a great extent, upon conditions in the banking and insurance industries, and if our clients' industries experience uncertainty, it will likely harm our business. The potential for disruptions presents considerable risks to our businesses and operations. If global economic conditions experience stress and negative volatility, we will likely experience reductions in the number of available customers and in capital expenditures by our remaining customers, longer sales cycles, deferral or delay of purchase commitments for our products, and increased price competition. Our failure to do so could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.