We are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If we fail to innovate or adapt our services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, we could lose clients or our clients could lose customers and have difficulty attracting new clients for our services. Our future success will be significantly affected by our ability to enhance our current services and develop and introduce new services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers. The markets for our services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new services, and evolving industry standards. We operate in a competitive business environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Global economic, political, and other conditions may adversely affect our clients or trends in consumer spending, which may impact the demand for our services and our revenue and profitability. A significant portion of our revenue is derived from transaction processing fees, which depend heavily upon the overall level of consumer, business, and government spending. Constraints within global financial markets or international regulatory requirements could constrain our financial institution clients' ability to purchase our services, impacting our future growth and profitability. We seek to overcome potential clients' reluctance to change vendors through value-enhancing strategies, but there can be no assurance that these strategies will be successful. Our business and operating results could be adversely affected if we experience business interruptions, errors, or failures in connection with our or third-party information technology and communication systems. We may encounter delays when developing new technology solutions and services, and our systems and operations could be exposed to damage or interruption from various hazards. We are focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect our clients and our information systems, which includes both capital expenditures and operating expenses on hardware, software, personnel, and consulting services. We continue to innovate and invest in integrated solutions and services to assist clients as they address market demand. The integration of sungard's operations, solutions, and personnel may place a significant burden on management and other internal resources, and the diversion of management's attention could harm the combined company's business, financial condition, and operating results. We expect to incur substantial expenses related to the integration of sungard, and while we anticipate significant cost savings around administration and technology expenses, there can be no assurance that the anticipated benefits will be realized in the near term. The successful integration of sungard and the successful operation of the combined company is not assured, and the combined company may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. We are actively migrating many financial institutions to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and rapidly address increasing regulatory requirements, which helps moderate the effects of broader year-to-year economic and market changes. Our ability to maintain compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations relies upon the ability to maintain skilled compliance, security, risk, and audit professionals, and competition for such skillsets is intense. Failure to attract and retain skilled technical employees or senior management personnel could harm our ability to grow.