A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from sales of products to treat HCV and HIV. If we are unable to maintain or continue increasing sales of these products, our results of operations may be adversely affected. We cannot predict whether, and to what extent, our HCV revenues may be adversely affected by competition from these products based on price and/or market share. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, increased pricing pressure, which often results in increases in the amount of discounts required on our products or delayed reimbursement, which could negatively impact our future product sales and results of operations. Our inability to accurately predict demand for our products, the uptake of new products, or the timing of fluctuations in the inventories maintained by customers makes it difficult for us to accurately forecast sales and may cause our revenues and earnings to fluctuate. We may continue to see fluctuations in our earnings and a mismatch between prescription demand for our products and our revenues. Adverse changes in economic conditions or other factors may cause retail pharmacies to reduce their inventories of our products, which would reduce their orders from wholesalers and, consequently, the wholesalers' orders from us, even if end-user demand has not changed. We expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers, which may result in fluctuations in our product sales, revenues, and earnings in the future. Legislative and regulatory changes to government prescription drug procurement and reimbursement programs occur relatively frequently in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. We continue to experience global pricing pressure, which could negatively impact our future product sales and results of operations. In addition, private and public payers can choose to exclude our products from their formulary coverage or limit the types of patients for whom coverage will be provided, which would negatively impact the demand for, and revenues of, our products. We believe that our existing capital resources, supplemented by cash flows generated from our operations, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the commercial performance of our current and future products, the progress and scope of our R&D efforts, and the expansion of our sales and marketing capabilities. We may in the future require additional funding, which could be in the form of proceeds from equity or debt financings. If such funding is required, we cannot guarantee that it will be available to us on favorable terms, if at all. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. We are dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure, and data. Cyberattacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering, and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity, and availability. Our business partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. We may not be able to obtain materials or supplies necessary to conduct clinical trials or to manufacture and sell our products, which would limit our ability to generate revenues. If we are unable to purchase sufficient quantities of these materials or find suitable alternate materials in a timely manner, our development efforts for our product candidates may be delayed or our ability to manufacture our products would be limited.