We are committed to providing the communities we serve with high quality, cost-effective health care while growing our business, increasing our profitability and creating long-term value for our stockholders. To achieve these objectives, we align our efforts around the following growth agenda: grow our presence in existing markets. We believe we are well positioned in a number of large and growing markets that will allow us the opportunity to generate long-term, attractive growth through the expansion of our presence in these markets. We plan to continue recruiting and strategically collaborating with the physician community and adding attractive service lines such as cardiology, emergency services, oncology and women's services. Additional components of our growth strategy include expanding our footprint through developing various outpatient access points, including surgery centers, urgent care clinics, freestanding emergency departments and walk-in clinics. Achieving high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction and clinical quality are central goals of our business model. To achieve these goals, we have implemented a number of initiatives including infection reduction initiatives, hospitalist programs, advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies, grow our revenues and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency. The provision for doubtful accounts increased $744 million, compared to 2014. The sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care was 31.5% for 2015, compared to 30.2% for 2014. Same facility uninsured admissions increased 4.5% and same facility uninsured emergency room visits increased 1.2% for 2015, compared to 2014. We believe the reversal of the 2014 declines during 2015 was primarily due to the anniversary of the benefits from the health insurance exchanges and Medicaid expansion programs that we began realizing during the second quarter of 2014. The consolidated revenues increase can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 1.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 5.5% increase in equivalent admissions. The same facility revenues increase resulted primarily from a 1.7% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 4.6% increase in same facility equivalent admissions. We believe there is significant opportunity to continue to grow the profitability of our company by fully leveraging the scale and scope of our franchise. We are currently pursuing next generation performance improvement initiatives such as contracting for services on a multistate basis and expanding our support infrastructure for additional clinical and support functions, such as physician credentialing, medical transcription and electronic medical recordkeeping. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We continue to invest in our Parallon subsidiary group to leverage key components of our support infrastructure, including revenue cycle management, health care group purchasing, supply chain management and staffing functions and are offering many of these services to other hospital companies. We believe the challenges faced by the hospital industry may spur consolidation and we believe our size, scale, national presence and access to capital will position us well to participate in any such consolidation.