We are subject to the business, financial, and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry, any of which could reduce our revenues and limit opportunities for growth. Our business operations are closely linked to the performance of the general economy and are sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. Macroeconomic and other factors beyond our control can adversely affect and reduce demand for our products and services, including demand for rooms at properties that we manage, franchise, own, lease, or develop. The hospitality industry is subject to seasonal and cyclical volatility, which may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to maintain our competitive position depends somewhat on the efforts and abilities of our senior executives, and losing the services of one or more of these senior executives could adversely affect strategic relationships and limit our ability to execute our business strategies. We face significant competition from multiple hospitality providers, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our revenues or profits could be harmed. The effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts is limited by the fixed costs inherent in our business, and we may not be able to offset revenue reductions through cost cutting. Our management and franchise business depends on our ability to establish and maintain long-term, positive relationships with third-party property owners and our ability to enter into new and renew management and franchise agreements. We believe that we have good relationships with our third-party owners, franchisees, and developers and are committed to the continued growth and development of these relationships. Our management and franchise agreements require us and our hotel owners to comply with operational and performance conditions that are subject to interpretation and could result in disagreements. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt and meet our other commitments depends on our future performance, which is subject to general conditions in or affecting the hotel and timeshare industries that are beyond our control. We rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology functions worldwide, and any loss or disruption in the provision of these functions or services could adversely affect our business. We are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of our guests' personal data and other sensitive information. Our ability to attract and retain guests depends, in part, on the public recognition of our brands and their associated reputation. The recent expansion of social media has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity, and we could face legal claims related to negative events, along with resulting adverse publicity. We may seek to expand through acquisitions of and investments in other businesses and properties, or through alliances, and we may also seek to divest some of our properties and other assets. Our management and franchise business is subject to risks related to doing business with third-party hotel owners that could adversely affect our reputation, operational results, or prospects for growth. The hospitality industry demands the use of sophisticated technology and systems for property management, brand assurance, and compliance, and failure to keep pace with developments in technology could adversely affect our operations or competitive position. We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, the outcomes of which are subject to significant uncertainty. Our ability to maintain positive adjustment under challenging conditions relies on our capacity to adapt to changing market dynamics, manage risks effectively, and leverage our organizational capabilities to ensure operational continuity and resilience in the face of adversity.