Our business, operating results, cash flows, and financial condition are subject to principal risks and uncertainties that can affect our performance in both the near and long term. The operating results of our commercial original equipment and commercial aftermarket business units may be adversely affected by downturns in the global demand for air travel, which impacts new aircraft production or the delay or cancellation of new aircraft orders. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers' inability to scale production and adjust delivery during times of volatile demand. We may not be able to successfully execute or effectively integrate acquisitions, and divestitures may not occur as planned. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. The failure of our technologies or products to gain market acceptance due to more attractive offerings by our competitors could significantly reduce our revenues and adversely affect our competitive standing and prospects. We seek productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, which may potentially disrupt our operations. Our profitability and margin growth are dependent upon our ability to drive sustainable improvements, and we actively monitor trends in the oil and gas industry end markets, limiting exposure to any resulting inability to meet delivery commitments or pay amounts due. We continue to incur remedial response and voluntary clean-up costs for site contamination and are a party to lawsuits and claims associated with environmental and safety matters. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. We deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond, and mitigate cybersecurity threats, including continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems. Our operations and the prior operations of predecessor companies expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities, and we are subject to potentially material liabilities related to the remediation of environmental hazards. We cannot predict with certainty the outcome of litigation matters, government proceedings, and other contingencies and uncertainties. Our potential liabilities are subject to change over time due to new developments, changes in settlement strategy, or the impact of evidentiary requirements. We maintain insurance for certain risks, but the amount of our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover the total amount of all insured claims and liabilities. Our future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in tax laws, regulations, and judicial rulings. We cannot predict with certainty the outcome of litigation matters, government proceedings, and other contingencies and uncertainties. Our operations and the prior operations of predecessor companies expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities, and we are subject to potentially material liabilities related to the remediation of environmental hazards. We continue to incur remedial response and voluntary clean-up costs for site contamination and are a party to lawsuits and claims associated with environmental and safety matters. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical to maintaining operational continuity and achieving strategic objectives.