The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes and functions to remain competitive and enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company continues to invest significantly in its strategic imperatives to drive revenue growth and market share gains. Client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly-growing segments, and new delivery models may unfavorably impact demand and profitability for other products or services. As the company expands to capture emerging growth opportunities, it needs to rapidly secure the appropriate mix of trained, skilled, and experienced personnel, and develop ecosystems and collaborative partnerships. The company experiences and responds to cybersecurity threats, although none has had a material adverse effect on the company to date. The company may also find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure. Cyber attacks or other catastrophic events resulting in disruptions to or failures in power, information technology, communication systems, or other critical infrastructure could result in interruptions or delays to company, customer, or other third-party operations or services, financial loss, injury to persons or property, potential liability, and damage to brand and reputation. The company is a globally integrated entity, operating in over 175 countries worldwide, and changes in the laws or policies of the countries in which the company operates could affect its business and overall results of operations. The company's results of operations could also be affected by economic and political changes in those countries and by macroeconomic changes, including recessions, inflation, and currency fluctuations. Any widespread outbreak of an illness, pandemic, or other local or global health issue could adversely affect customer demand and the company's operations and its ability to source and deliver products and services to its customers. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements due to inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or fraud. If the company fails to maintain the adequacy of its internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, its business and operating results could be harmed. The future success of the company depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of skilled personnel, including technical, marketing, and staff resources. The company relies on a wide variety of components, supplies, services, and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers around the world, and changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services. The company could incur substantial costs for environmental matters and is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning environmental protection. The company's financial performance could be impacted by changes in market liquidity conditions and by customer credit risk on receivables. The company employs a number of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivative financial instruments. The company is involved in a variety of ongoing claims, demands, suits, investigations, tax matters, and proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business. Legal and compliance risks will continue to exist, and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies may arise.