We are a leading global operator of regulated exchanges, clearing houses, and listings venues, and a provider of data services for commodity and financial markets. Our business is currently conducted as a single reportable business segment, and the majority of our identifiable assets are located in the U.S., U.K., continental Europe, Asia, Israel, and Canada. The business environments in which we operate directly affect our results of operations, which have been and will continue to be influenced by many factors, including market volatility and the level of trading activity in our markets, legislative and regulatory changes, competition, demand for our data services, system reliability, and our ability to offer new products. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility, trading activity, or participation in any one asset class. We have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 13% in 2012 to 44% in 2015, which includes data and listings, and will continue to increase as a percent of our total revenue with the addition of interactive data and trayport revenues. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate uncertainties. Our clearing houses hold material amounts of cash deposits which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market, and liquidity risks. The ice clearing houses seek to reduce their exposure through a risk management program that includes initial and ongoing financial standards for clearing member admission and continued membership, original and variation margin requirements, and mandatory deposits to the guaranty fund. We expect to continue to explore and pursue various potential acquisitions and other strategic opportunities to strengthen our competitive position and support our growth. The acquisition of interactive data builds on our global market data growth strategy by expanding the markets served, adding technology platforms, and increasing new data and valuation services. The combined company will offer customers efficiencies in accessing data on an integrated platform while serving the growing demand for data, analysis, valuation, and connectivity globally. We recorded $15 million in various litigation settlements and accruals during the year ended December 31, 2015. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2015 is primarily due to the deferred tax benefit associated with future U.K. income tax rate reductions along with certain favorable settlements with various taxing authorities. We have a significant part of our assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses recorded in pounds sterling or euros, creating foreign currency transaction risk. Our exposure to foreign denominated earnings is significant, and we may experience gains or losses from foreign currency transactions in the future. The ice clearing houses require that each clearing member make deposits to a fund known as a guaranty fund, which serves to secure the obligations of a clearing member to our clearing houses and may be used to cover losses sustained by the respective ice clearing house in the event of a default of a clearing member. The amounts that the clearing members are required to maintain in the original margin and guaranty fund accounts are determined by standardized parameters established by the risk management departments and reviewed by the risk committees and the boards of directors of each of the ice clearing houses and may fluctuate over time.