The following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. Our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. Changes in product demand can harm our results of operation and financial condition. Important factors that could lead to variation in the demand for our products include changes in business conditions, including downturns in the computing industry, or in the global or regional economies; consumer confidence or income levels caused by changes in market conditions; competitive and pricing pressures; and customer product needs. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and subject to rapid technological and market developments. If we do not anticipate and respond to these developments, our competitive position may weaken, and our products or technologies might be uncompetitive or obsolete. Our business focus has expanded and now includes the design and production of platforms for tablets, phones, and other devices across the compute continuum. We face new sources of competition, including from incumbent competitors with established customer bases and greater brand recognition. Despite our ongoing efforts, there is no guarantee that we will achieve or maintain consumer and market demand or acceptance for our products and services. Our operations or systems could be disrupted by natural disasters; geopolitical conditions; public health issues; or other catastrophic events. Such events could make it difficult or impossible to manufacture or deliver products to our customers, receive production materials from our suppliers, or perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our revenue and require significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. While we maintain business recovery plans that are intended to enable us to recover from natural disasters or other events that can be disruptive to our business, some of our systems are not fully redundant and we cannot be sure that our plans will fully protect us from all such disruptions. Our operations have high costs that are either fixed or difficult to reduce in the short term, including our costs related to manufacturing, such as facility construction and equipment. If product demand decreases or we fail to forecast demand accurately, we could be required to write off inventory or record excess capacity charges, which would lower our gross margin. We may not be successful or efficient in developing or implementing new production processes. Disruptions in the production process can also result from errors, defects in materials, delays in obtaining or revising operating permits and licenses, and disruptions at our fabrication and assembly and test facilities due to accidents, maintenance issues, or unsafe working conditions—all of which could affect the timing of production ramps and yields. We face supply chain risks. The inability of suppliers to deliver adequate supplies of production materials or other supplies could disrupt our production processes or make it more difficult for us to implement our business strategy. The unavailability or reduced availability of materials or resources may require us to reduce production or incur additional costs, which could harm our business and results of operations. We may be affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Changes in exchange rates could harm our results of operations and financial condition. We must attract, retain, and motivate key employees. Hiring and retaining qualified executives, scientists, engineers, technical staff, and sales representatives are critical to our business, and competition for experienced employees can be intense. We are also subject to cybersecurity and privacy risks. Third parties attempt to gain unauthorized access to our network, products, services, and infrastructure. Publicity about vulnerabilities and attempted or successful incursions could damage our reputation with customers or users, and reduce demand for our products and services.