The company's businesses are impacted by economic conditions around the globe, and downturns in the markets served could adversely affect its businesses, results of operations, or financial condition. The global nature of the company's operations subjects it to political and economic risks that could adversely affect its business, results of operations, or financial condition. If the company is unable to successfully manage these and other risks associated with managing and expanding its international businesses, the risks could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, or financial condition. The company has a decentralized operating structure under which its individual businesses are allowed significant decision-making autonomy within the company's strategic framework and internal financial and compliance controls. The company cannot ensure that its internal controls will always protect against reckless or criminal acts committed by its employees, agents, or business partners that might violate laws. The company's enterprise strategy and associated initiatives include portfolio management, business structure simplification, and strategic sourcing, which are expected to improve future operating margins and organic revenue growth. The portfolio management initiative, which included divesting businesses no longer aligned with the company's long-term objectives, is essentially complete; however, product line and customer base simplification remains an active element of this initiative. The company continues to seek to benefit from its size and scale in the procurement process through its strategic sourcing initiatives, which involve some execution risk. The company has shifted its focus to organic growth and has expressed its belief that organic growth will be 200 basis points above global GDP by the end of 2017. If the company is unable to achieve the expected benefits from these initiatives or is unable to complete these initiatives without material disruption to its businesses, the timing and amount of benefits from these initiatives may not be as expected. The company has significant goodwill and other intangible assets, and future impairment of these assets could have a material adverse impact on financial results. Disruptions or volatility in global financial markets or changes in credit ratings could increase funding costs or reduce the availability of credit. The company's ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires significant investment of time and resources. Difficulties or delays in research, development, production, or commercialization of new products and services may reduce future revenues and adversely affect the company's competitive position. The company relies on information technology networks and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. If these information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption, or shutdown, and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the company may suffer financial or reputational damage. The company believes that its sources of liquidity are sufficient to service debt and to finance capital allocation priorities, which include internal investments to support organic growth and sustain core businesses, payment of dividends to shareholders, and external investments in selective strategic acquisitions. The company uses free cash flow to measure cash flow generated by operations that is available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions, and debt repayment.