JPMorgan Chase maintains a global resiliency and crisis management program that is intended to ensure that the firm has the ability to recover its critical business functions and supporting assets, including staff, technology, and facilities, in the event of a business interruption. The firm believes that its current resiliency plans are both sufficient and adequate; however, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to the firm or its customers and clients. Any failures or disruptions of the firm's systems or operations could give rise to losses in service to customers and clients, adversely affect the firm's business and results of operations by subjecting the firm to losses or liability, or require the firm to expend significant resources to correct the failure or disruption, as well as by exposing the firm to litigation, regulatory fines or penalties, or losses not covered by insurance. The firm's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to the firm, with established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which the firm is subject. However, there are inherent limitations to the firm's risk management strategies, as risks may exist or develop in the future that the firm has not appropriately anticipated or identified. The firm relies on data to aggregate and assess its various risk exposures, and any deficiencies in the quality or effectiveness of the firm's data aggregation and validation procedures could result in ineffective risk management practices or inaccurate risk reporting. The firm's businesses are dependent on the firm's ability to process, record, and monitor an increasingly large number of complex transactions and to do so on a faster and more frequent basis. If the firm's financial, accounting, trading, or other data processing systems, or the operating systems of third parties on which the firm's businesses are dependent, are unable to meet these increasingly demanding standards, or if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, the firm could be materially and adversely affected. The firm is similarly dependent on its employees, and could be materially and adversely affected if one or more of its employees causes a significant operational breakdown or failure. The firm has incurred and expects to incur additional costs and expenses in connection with its initiatives to address the risks associated with oversight of its third-party relationships. Failure to appropriately assess and manage third-party relationships, especially those involving significant banking functions, shared services, or other critical activities, could result in potential liability to clients and customers, fines, penalties, or judgments imposed by regulators, increased operating expenses, and harm to the firm's reputation. The firm's businesses are subject to complex and evolving U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations governing the privacy and protection of personal information, and ensuring compliance can increase operating costs and require significant oversight. The firm may be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events beyond its control, including security breaches, electrical or telecommunications outages, natural disasters, health emergencies, or political events. A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the firm's systems could cause serious negative consequences, including significant disruption of the firm's operations, misappropriation of confidential information, or damage to the firm's reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the firm.