We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences, trends, health concerns, and other factors. If we do not effectively anticipate these trends and changing consumer preferences and quickly develop new products or partner with an allied brand in that category in response, then our sales could suffer. We operate in highly competitive markets, and competition is generally based upon brand recognition, taste, quality, price, availability, selection, and convenience. Our two largest competitors in the market represent approximately 46% of the U.S. market by retail sales. These competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, changing their route to market, reducing prices, or increasing promotional activities. We depend on a small number of large retailers for a significant portion of our sales, and if we do not successfully provide appropriate marketing, product, packaging, pricing, and service to these retailers, our product availability, sales, and margins could suffer. We depend on third-party bottling and distribution companies for a portion of our business, and the financial condition of these bottlers could adversely affect our business. Deteriorating economic conditions could negatively impact the financial viability of third-party bottlers. Costs for commodities may change substantially, and price increases could exert pressure on our costs. New or proposed beverage taxes or regulations could impact our sales, and any changes in regulations may reduce consumer demand for our products or could cause us to raise our prices. We conduct impairment tests on goodwill and all indefinite-lived intangible assets annually, and significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events could result in an impairment. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and significant changes in these exchange rates will impact our results of operations. Our financial results may be negatively impacted by recession, financial and credit market disruptions, and other economic conditions. We maintain levels of debt we consider prudent based on our actual and expected cash flows, but this amount of debt could increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions. Our profitability is substantially affected by costs for employee health care, pension, and other retirement programs, and we actively seek to control increases in costs. We depend on key information systems to accurately and efficiently transact our business, and any disruption or failure of these systems could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, or other business disruptions. We are party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings, and costs to defend these claims may negatively affect our business. Certain raw materials we use are available from a limited number of suppliers, and shortages could occur. A disruption in production at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, or cybersecurity attacks. We are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local laws and regulations, and violations of these laws could damage our reputation. Weather, climate change legislation, and the availability of water could adversely affect our business. Our products may not meet health and safety standards or could become contaminated, which could result in expensive production interruptions, recalls, liability claims, and negative publicity.