The semiconductor equipment industry and other industries that we serve are constantly developing and changing over time. If we fail to appropriately adjust our cost structure and operations to adapt to any of these trends, or, with respect to technological advances, if we do not timely develop new technologies and products that successfully anticipate and address these changes, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. The highly concentrated customer base exposes our business, financial condition, and operating results to increased volatility tied to individual customers. In a highly concentrated business environment, if a particular customer does not place an order, or if they delay or cancel orders, we may not be able to replace the business. We are exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated customer base, which may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year. Our ability to recognize revenue from a particular customer may also be negatively impacted by the customer's funding status, which could be weakened not only by adverse business conditions or inaccessibility to capital markets but also by funding limitations imposed by the customer's unique corporate structure. The cyclical nature of the primary industry in which we operate is largely a function of our customers' capital spending patterns and need for expanded manufacturing capacity, which in turn are affected by factors such as capacity utilization, consumer demand for products, inventory levels, and our customers' access to capital. During periods of declining revenues, we must be in a position to adjust our cost and expense structure to prevailing market conditions and to continue to motivate and retain our key employees. If we fail to respond, or if our attempts to respond fail to accomplish our intended results, then our business could be seriously harmed. Furthermore, any workforce reductions and cost reduction actions that we adopt in response to down cycles may result in additional restructuring charges, disruptions in our operations, and loss of key personnel. We believe that once a semiconductor manufacturer selects a particular supplier's process control and yield management equipment, the manufacturer generally relies upon that equipment for that specific production line application for an extended period of time. Accordingly, we expect it to be more difficult to sell our products to a given customer for that specific production line application if that customer initially selects a competitor's equipment. Our management typically provides quarterly forecasts for certain financial metrics, which, when made, are based on business and operational forecasts that are believed to be reasonable at the time. However, largely due to the cyclicality of our business and the industries in which we operate, and the fact that business conditions in our industries can change very rapidly as part of these cycles, our actual results may vary from forecasted results. We are exposed to risks associated with a weakening in the condition of the financial markets and the global economy. Economic uncertainty frequently leads to reduced consumer and business spending, which caused our customers to decrease, cancel, or delay their equipment and service orders from us. If we do not effectively develop and manage our outsourcing strategies, if required export and other governmental approvals are not timely obtained, if our third-party service providers do not perform as anticipated, or if there are delays or difficulties in enhancing business processes, we may experience operational difficulties, increased costs, manufacturing or service interruptions or delays, and challenges in managing our product inventory or recording and reporting financial and management information, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.