Our business faces many risks and uncertainties that we cannot control, which could adversely affect our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The inability to effectively manage foreign market risk could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. Intense competition for sales of our products and the inability to innovate or market our products effectively could have an adverse effect on our financial results. We may be unable to anticipate or adequately respond to changes in consumer demand for our products. Our ability to develop new products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate consumer needs and preferences, develop and fund technological innovations, and maintain necessary patent and trademark protection. Damage to the reputation of Kimberly-Clark or to one or more of our brands could adversely affect our business. Our inability to address adverse publicity or other issues could negatively impact sentiment towards us and our products. Disruption in our supply chain or the failure of third-party providers to satisfactorily perform could adversely impact our operations. Our ability to manufacture, distribute, and sell products is critical to our operations and is subject to inherent risks such as natural disasters, power outages, and labor strikes. This interruption, if not mitigated in advance or effectively managed, could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We continue to implement plans to improve our competitive position by achieving cost reductions in our operations, including implementing restructuring programs in functions or areas of our business where we believe such opportunities exist. Our information technology systems serve an important role in the efficient operation and administration of our business. If these systems suffer interruptions, failures, or breaches, our business operations could be disrupted. We have contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events, but if they were to occur and our disaster recovery plans do not effectively address the issues on a timely basis, we could suffer interruptions in our ability to manage our operations. We may divest or acquire product lines or businesses, which could impact our results. The inability to effectively and efficiently manage divestitures and acquisitions could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. The restructuring initiated in 2014 is intended to improve our underlying profitability and increase our flexibility to invest in targeted growth initiatives, brand building, and other capabilities critical to delivering future growth. The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and organizations in all major geographies. We are subject to many laws and governmental regulations across all of the countries in which we do business. New or revised legal or regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on our financial results. We continue to execute our global business plan strategies, which include a focus on targeted growth initiatives, innovation and brand building, and cost savings programs. We expect to achieve cost savings from our force program and the 2014 organization restructuring. Our ongoing efforts to reduce costs will be critical to maintaining operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures and market volatility.