In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. Water scarcity and poor quality could negatively impact the Coca-Cola system's costs and capacity. Water is a limited resource facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increasing demand for food and other consumer and industrial products, increasing pollution, poor management and the effects of climate change. As the demand for water continues to increase around the world, and as water becomes scarcer and the quality of available water deteriorates, the Coca-Cola system may incur higher costs or face capacity constraints that could adversely affect our profitability or net operating revenues in the long run. If we do not anticipate and address evolving consumer preferences, our business could suffer. Consumer preferences are evolving rapidly as a result of health and nutrition considerations, especially the perceived undesirability of artificial ingredients and obesity concerns; shifting consumer demographics, including aging populations; changes in consumer tastes and needs; changes in consumer lifestyles; and competitive product and pricing pressures. If we do not successfully anticipate these changing consumer preferences or fail to address them by timely developing new products or product extensions through innovation, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected. Increased competition and capabilities in the marketplace could hurt our business. The nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry is highly competitive. We must continue to strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation in order to maintain our brand loyalty and market share while we strategically expand into other profitable categories. Product safety and quality concerns could negatively affect our business. Our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products. We have rigorous product safety and quality standards which we expect our operations as well as our bottling partners to meet. However, we cannot assure you that despite our strong commitment to product safety and quality we or all of our bottling partners will always meet these standards. If we or our bottling partners fail to comply with applicable product safety and quality standards and beverage products taken to the market are or become contaminated or adulterated, we may be required to conduct costly product recalls and may become subject to product liability claims and negative publicity, which could cause our business to suffer. We are committed to being a responsible global citizen that makes a difference. We recognize the uniqueness of consumers' lifestyles and dietary choices. We are working to pair commercial actions with community engagement to bring together business, government and civil society to help pursue solutions that address obesity. We are dedicated to implementing our sustainable sourcing commitment, which is founded on principles that protect the environment, uphold workplace rights and help build more sustainable communities. Our programs focus on economic opportunity, with an emphasis on female farmers, and environmental sustainability designed to help address these agricultural challenges. Through joint efforts with farmers, communities, bottlers, suppliers and key partners, as well as our increased and continued investment in sustainable agriculture, we can together help make a positive strategic impact on food security. Our company is well positioned to appropriately address these challenges and risks.