There are risks and uncertainties that can affect our business, including intense price competition, aggressive expansion, and increasing fragmentation of retail and online formats, which can adversely affect our profitability. We have developed a strategic plan that provides a balanced approach to meet the wide-ranging needs and expectations of our customers in this challenging economic environment. Our business is increasingly dependent on complex information technology systems vital to continuing operations, and difficulties in maintaining these systems could incur significant losses due to disruptions. We cannot be certain that all of our systems are entirely free from vulnerability to attack, and loss of customer or business information could disrupt our operations and damage our reputation. Our indebtedness could reduce our ability to obtain additional financing and make us vulnerable to future economic downturns and competitive pressures. We are a party to numerous collective bargaining agreements, and our relationship with unions could have a material adverse effect on our results if prolonged work stoppages occur. We utilize a combination of insurance and self-insurance to provide for potential liabilities, and changes in legal claims and trends could affect our financial condition. Our integration of new business through mergers and acquisitions may face significant challenges, including whether unique corporate cultures will work collaboratively and the possibility of unforeseen expenses. Our operating results could be materially impacted by changes in overall economic conditions affecting consumer confidence and spending. Weather conditions and natural disasters could disrupt our operations, and compliance with various laws and regulations could significantly increase the cost of doing business. We focus on maintaining and increasing market share by offering customers good prices and superior products and service, which reflects our long-term strategy of market share growth. Our ability to achieve sales and earnings goals may be affected by labor negotiations, pricing and promotional activities of competitors, the state of the economy, and changes in consumer spending. Our liquidity needs are estimated to range from $6.6 to $6.9 billion, which includes anticipated requirements for working capital and capital investments. We believe that cash flows from operating activities and other sources of liquidity will be adequate to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. Our ability to refinance maturing debt may be affected by the state of financial markets, and we have sufficient coverage of our debt covenants to maintain our current debt ratings. We will negotiate agreements with unions for store associates, and these negotiations will be challenging as we must balance competitive cost structures with our associates' needs for solid wages and good quality, affordable health care and retirement benefits. The underfunding of multi-employer pension plans could have important consequences, and we continue to evaluate our potential exposure to these plans. Our ability to execute our financial strategy may be affected by our ability to generate cash flow, and we cannot fully foresee the effects of changes in economic conditions on our business.