We seek to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. Changes in our business environment require us to be agile and evolve our business models, processes, and products. We depend heavily on contracts with the U.S. government for a substantial portion of our business, and we believe that our diverse range of defense, homeland security, and information technology products and services makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will have a long-term effect on our business. However, termination of multiple or large programs or contracts could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. We have experienced increased market pressures in our services businesses, including lower in-theater support as troop levels are drawn down and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. Our businesses with smaller, short-term contracts are the most susceptible to the impacts of budget reductions. We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of U.S. government contracts, and a violation of specific laws and regulations could harm our reputation and result in the imposition of fines and penalties. We have also experienced increased competition, particularly in information technology and cybersecurity, from non-traditional competitors outside of the aerospace and defense industry. To remain competitive, we consistently must maintain strong customer relationships and provide superior performance, advanced technology solutions, and service at an affordable cost with the agility that our customers require to satisfy their mission objectives. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce, as our future performance is highly dependent upon our ability to maintain a workforce with the requisite skills in multiple areas. Competition for personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in hiring or retaining personnel with the requisite skills or clearances. The loss of key personnel, coupled with an inability to adequately train other personnel, hire new personnel, or transfer knowledge, could significantly impact our ability to perform under our contracts. We are subject to a number of procurement laws and regulations, and our business and reputation could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with these laws. We routinely experience cybersecurity threats, and if we are unable to protect sensitive information, our customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures. We have a strategy to grow international sales over the next several years, inclusive of sales of F-35 aircraft to our international partners and other countries. Our international business is highly sensitive to changes in regulations, political environments, or security risks that may affect our ability to conduct business outside of the U.S. Our profitability and cash flow may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs, our performance, our ability to control costs, and evolving U.S. government procurement policies. We expect the impact of budget reductions on our operating results will lag in certain of our businesses with longer cycles, and we have sought to align our businesses with what we believe are the most critical national priorities and mission areas.