The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability, and as a result, we face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. Variability in our customers' business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which could negatively impact our results. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, and appropriately sizing our supply chain infrastructure. If we do not adequately meet these challenges during periods of demand decline, our gross margins and earnings may be negatively impacted. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. Future declines in the semiconductor industry and overall world economic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. Global economic and business conditions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. In times of economic uncertainty, our customers' budgets for our products could be adversely affected, limiting their ability to purchase our products and services. We must continue to invest in research and development and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results. We manage our expense levels based in part on our expectations of future revenues. Factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate unpredictably include economic conditions in the electronics and semiconductor industries, the size and timing of orders from customers, and manufacturing difficulties. We depend on creating new products and processes and enhancing existing products for our success. Our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success, and we face intense competition for top talent. We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business, and these systems are subject to attacks, failures, and access denials from various potential sources. Our operations may not generate sufficient cash flows to enable us to meet our expenses and service our debt, and we may need to enter into new financing arrangements to obtain the necessary funds. We are subject to various risks related to new, inconsistent, or conflicting laws, rules, and regulations that may be enacted by legislative bodies and regulatory agencies in the countries where we operate. Our ability to comply with these regulations is critical to maintaining our operational integrity and financial performance.