We are subject to various risks that could have a negative effect on us or on our financial condition. Our ability to remain competitive and to attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and services from those offered by others. Economic uncertainty could continue to impact our financial results and growth. Weak economic conditions and potential disruptions in the U.S. economy could continue to have a negative impact on the lodging industry. We continue to experience weakened demand for our hotel rooms in some markets. Uncertainty about the effect of the Starwood combination on employees, hotel owners, hotel franchisees, suppliers, and customers may have an adverse effect on our business. Although we intend to take steps designed to reduce any adverse effects, these uncertainties could impair our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key personnel. The diversion of management's attention away from day-to-day business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could adversely affect our financial results. The integration process is subject to a number of uncertainties, and we cannot assure you that the benefits we anticipate will be realized at all or as quickly as we expect. If we do not complete the Starwood combination, our ongoing business could be adversely affected, and we may be subject to several risks. Our ability to complete the Starwood combination is subject to certain closing conditions and the receipt of consents and approvals from government entities which may impose conditions that could adversely affect us or cause the Starwood combination to be abandoned. We cannot predict whether and when these conditions will be satisfied. Any delay in completing the Starwood combination could cause the combined company not to realize some or all of the synergies that we expect to achieve. The combined company may not be able to integrate successfully, and many of the anticipated benefits of combining Starwood and Marriott may not be realized. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. The success of the Starwood combination will depend in part on the combined company's ability to retain the talents and dedication of key employees. If key employees terminate their employment, or if the combined company cannot maintain a sufficient number of employees to maintain effective operations, the combined company's business activities could be adversely affected. Our lodging operations are subject to global, regional, and national conditions. Because we conduct our business on a global platform, changes in global and regional economies impact our activities. Our future performance could be similarly affected by the economic environment in each of our operating regions. The growing significance of our operations outside of the United States makes us increasingly susceptible to the risks of doing business internationally, which could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, disrupt our business, or damage our reputation. We expect that our international revenues will continue to grow, particularly following the Starwood combination. We are increasingly exposed to the challenges and risks of doing business outside the United States, many of which are outside of our control. Our business depends on the quality and reputation of our brands, and any deterioration in the quality or reputation of these brands could have an adverse impact on our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. We seek to resolve any disagreements in order to develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential hotel owners and joint venture partners, but we are not always able to do so. Failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in litigation, and could do so in the future. Our brands remain strong as a result of skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior customer service, and significant distribution. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution.