We operate in a highly competitive industry, and if we do not effectively respond to challenges from our competitors, our business could be adversely affected. Competitor and customer pressures may require that we reduce our prices, which could restrict our ability to increase prices in response to commodity and other cost increases. Failure to effectively assess, change, and set proper pricing may negatively impact the achievement of our strategic and financial goals. We have announced a transformation agenda with the goals of focusing our portfolio, improving our cost structure and operating model, and accelerating our growth. If we do not achieve these objectives and do so in a way that minimizes disruptions to our business, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We are subject to risks from operating globally, including compliance with various laws and regulations, changes in tax laws, currency fluctuations, and political and economic changes that could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. Unanticipated business disruptions could adversely affect our ability to provide our products to our customers. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, such as weather, natural disasters, supply shortages, and health pandemics, could damage or disrupt our operations. If we do not effectively respond to disruptions in our operations, we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers, which could lead to a decline in long-term consumer demand for our products. We must hire, retain, and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. Unplanned turnover or failure to develop adequate succession plans could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. We face increased personnel-related risks in connection with implementing changes in our transformation agenda, which could lead to operational challenges. We must address risks related to the consolidation of retail customers and leverage our value proposition to compete against retailer and economy brands. Retail customers continue to consolidate, resulting in fewer but larger customers, which can resist price increases and demand lower pricing. If we do not effectively respond to retail consolidation and increasing retail power, our reputation, brands, product sales, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We may also suffer losses if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations, or if our products cause injury or illness. A significant product liability or other legal judgment against us could materially and adversely affect our reputation and profitability. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, which have greater political, economic, and regulatory risks. If we cannot successfully increase our business in these markets and manage associated risks, our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We are increasingly dependent on information technology and third-party service providers, and if our controls, disaster recovery, and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. We believe that cash from operations, our revolving credit facility, and our authorized long-term financing will provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs and planned capital expenditures. Our financial performance, short- and long-term debt credit ratings, and the stability of financial institutions could affect our access to financing on acceptable terms. Volatility in the equity markets, interest rates, and other factors could substantially increase our pension costs, affecting our financial condition and results of operations.