Difficult conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Stressed conditions, volatility, and disruptions in financial asset classes or various markets can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities are sensitive to changing market factors. Global market factors, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, real estate markets, foreign currency exchange rates, consumer spending, business investment, government spending, and the volatility and strength of the capital markets, all affect our financial condition and the volume, profitability, and results of our business operations. Disruptions in one market or asset class can also spread to other markets or asset classes. While our diversified business mix and geographically diverse business operations partially mitigate these risks, correlation across regions, countries, and global market factors may reduce the benefits of diversification. Concerns about global economic conditions, capital markets, and the solvency of certain EU member states have contributed to elevated levels of market volatility, which could continue until there is an ultimate resolution of these sovereign debt and banking system-related concerns. We are exposed to substantial risk of loss due to market volatility, which may also increase the cost and limit the availability of the hedging instruments and other protective measures we take to mitigate such risk. We manage interest rate risk as part of our asset and liability management strategies, which include maintaining an investment portfolio with diversified maturities that has a weighted average duration approximately equal to the duration of our estimated liability cash flow profile. We also use derivatives to mitigate interest rate risk. Although we take measures to manage the economic risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, we may not be able to mitigate the interest rate risk of our fixed income investments relative to our interest-sensitive liabilities. We expect our non-U.S. businesses to grow faster than our U.S. businesses and, over time, to become a larger percentage of our total business. Our ability to manage risk and the profitability of our property and casualty and life insurance businesses depends in part on our ability to obtain catastrophe reinsurance, which may not be available at commercially acceptable rates in the future. We have established liabilities for amounts payable under insurance policies, and we periodically review our estimates of actuarial liabilities for future benefits and compare them with our actual experience. We revise estimates if we determine that future expected experience differs from assumptions used in the development of actuarial liabilities. We have experienced, and will likely in the future experience, catastrophe losses and possibly acts of terrorism, as well as turbulent financial markets that may have an adverse impact on our business. We make broad use of catastrophic and non-catastrophic reinsurance to manage risk from these perils. We are exposed to various risks relating to our ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit, and equity market risks, and we use a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives. Our enterprise risk management is designed to mitigate material risks and loss to the company. We develop and periodically update our risk management policies and procedures to reflect ongoing review of our risks. However, our policies and procedures may not be comprehensive and may not identify every risk to which we are exposed.