Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. Any number of factors could potentially negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement. If we are unable to maintain or increase our user base and user engagement, our revenue and financial results may be adversely affected. We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. The loss of marketers, or reduction in spending by marketers, could seriously harm our business. Our advertising revenue could also be adversely affected by a number of other factors, including decreases in user engagement, our inability to maintain or increase marketer demand, and changes to third-party policies that limit our ability to deliver or target advertising. Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, which presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. Our business is highly competitive, and we believe that some of our users are aware of and actively engaging with other products and services similar to, or as a substitute for, Facebook products and services. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees is critical to our success. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively. Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results. We may also experience unforeseen difficulties in building and operating key portions of our technical infrastructure. Our products and internal systems rely on software that is highly technical, and if it contains undetected errors or vulnerabilities, our business could be adversely affected. We are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including privacy and data protection, rights of publicity, content, intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, and consumer protection. If we fail to deploy, manage, or oversee our international operations successfully, our business may suffer. We may incur significant costs associated with complying with various laws and regulations, which could harm our business and financial results.