In addition to the other information in this report, you should carefully consider the following risks that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. Following the TCCC transaction, the company and TCCC have extensive commercial arrangements, and as a result, the company's future performance is substantially dependent on the success of its relationship with TCCC. The company will be reducing its distributor diversification and will be substantially dependent on TCCC's international distribution platform. It is possible that we may fail to recognize the expected benefits of the new distribution arrangements regardless of TCCC's priorities. Competitive pressures in the energy drink category could adversely affect our business and operating results. Following the TCCC transaction, the company owns multiple potentially competing brands in the energy drink category, which could adversely impact our business. Changes in government regulation or failure to comply with existing regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to risks of investigations and enforcement actions by government agencies relating to the advertising, marketing, promotion, ingredients, usage, and sale of our energy drink products. Litigation regarding our products could expose us to significant liabilities and reduce demand for our products. An unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine or criticism regarding energy drinks could have an adverse effect on our business. The beverage industry is highly competitive, and important factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include the taste and flavor of our products, rapid and effective development of new products, and effective marketing strategies. Uncertainty in the financial markets and adverse changes in economic or political conditions could adversely affect our industry and results of operations. Our growth strategy includes expanding our international business, which exposes us to risks inherent in conducting international operations, including economic and political instability in our international markets. Global or regional catastrophic events could impact our operations and affect our ability to grow our business. We rely on bottlers and other contract packers to manufacture our products, and if we are unable to maintain good relationships with them, our business could suffer. We may also encounter difficulties managing different and potentially competing brands in shared markets. Our operations outside the United States are subject to risks relating to compliance with legal and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions and potential difficulties in staffing and managing local operations. Changes in consumer preferences may reduce demand for some of our products, and our future success will depend on our ability to develop and introduce innovative beverages that appeal to consumers. We must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages and be competitive in quality, distribution, brand image, and intellectual property protection. The proposal and/or adoption of legislation to restrict the sale of energy drinks and the publication of articles critical of energy drinks may adversely affect our company. Our ability to achieve volume growth through product and packaging initiatives may be hindered, and we may be unable to penetrate new markets. If we do not maintain sufficient inventory levels or if we fail to meet shipping schedules, our operating results could be adversely affected. We must continually maintain, protect, and upgrade our information technology systems, as disruptions could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and the timeliness of reporting our operating results.