The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, our results of operations, our cash flows, our financial position and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this annual report on Form 10-K. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. In connection with the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we are identifying important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us. We elaborate on these and other risks we face throughout this document, particularly in the "business environment" sections preceding our discussion of the operating results of our subsidiaries' businesses. Unfavorable litigation outcomes could materially adversely affect the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of Altria Group, Inc., or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries. Legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened against Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including product liability and consumer protection claims. Litigation is subject to uncertainty, and it is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending or future cases. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco-related or other litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation. Significant federal, state and local governmental actions may continue to have an adverse impact on our tobacco subsidiaries' businesses. These actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking, have resulted in reduced cigarette industry volume, and we expect that these factors will continue to reduce cigarette consumption levels. Our tobacco businesses face significant competition, and their failure to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows. Each of our tobacco subsidiaries must continue to promote brand equity successfully, anticipate and respond to new and evolving adult consumer preferences, and develop products that appeal to adult consumers. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be impaired by the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco regulation and control actions. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in anticipating changes in adult consumer preferences or managing through difficult competitive and economic conditions. Furthermore, Altria Group, Inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries may not succeed in developing and commercializing adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products that may reduce the health risks associated with current tobacco products. The failure of Altria Group, Inc.'s information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyberattacks or security breaches, could result in loss of revenue, assets, or sensitive data. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries rely on information systems to help manage business processes and comply with regulatory requirements. We have implemented business continuity plans intended to protect our systems and data; however, we may be unable to anticipate the techniques used in cyberattacks. Adverse developments on any of these matters could negatively impact the commercial viability of our products and the financial condition of Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries.