Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. Failure to manage risks associated with business interruptions could adversely impact our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our operations are subject to business interruptions due to scheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, or unplanned events such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, or other incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, or other natural or man-made disasters, such as acts of terrorism. For example, pipelines provide a nearly exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from, some of our refineries. In such instances, a prolonged interruption in service of such a pipeline could materially and adversely affect the operations, profitability, and cash flows of the impacted refinery. We rely on the performance of our information technology systems, the failure of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We are heavily dependent on our information technology systems and network infrastructure and maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. These systems and infrastructure are subject to damage or interruption from a number of potential sources including natural disasters, software viruses or other malware, power failures, cyber-attacks, and other events. To protect against such attempts of unauthorized access or attack, we have implemented infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans. There can be no guarantee such plans, to the extent they are in place, will be effective. Our operations depend on the ability to adapt to changing market conditions, including the development, availability, and marketing of alternative and competing fuels in the retail market, which could adversely impact our business. We compete with other industries that provide alternative means to satisfy the energy and fuel needs of our consumers. Increased competition from these alternatives as a result of governmental regulations, technological advances, and consumer demand could have an impact on pricing and demand for our products and our profitability. We may incur losses to our business as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions. A failure of a futures commission merchant or counterparty to perform would affect these transactions. We have significant debt obligations; therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be harmed by a deterioration of our credit profile, a decrease in debt capacity or unsecured commercial credit available to us, or by factors adversely affecting credit markets generally. Our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: refining & marketing, speedway, and midstream. Each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services they offer. We continuously evaluate our capital budget and make changes as conditions warrant. Our anticipated growth and planned expenditures are based upon the assumption that societal sentiment will continue to enable and existing regulations will remain intact to allow for the future development, transportation, and use of carbon-based fuels. However, policy decisions relating to the production, refining, transportation, and marketing of carbon-based fuels are subject to political pressures and the influence of environmental and other special interest groups. Delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement, and construction of facilities could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results.