The company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business would be adversely affected. The company seeks patents covering each of its products in each of the markets where it intends to sell the products and where meaningful patent protection is available. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of the company's key products. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company commits substantial effort, funds, and other resources to research and development, both through its own dedicated resources and through various collaborations with third parties. The company has experienced difficulties and delays in manufacturing certain of its products, which may lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages, and delays in product manufacturing. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure, and a significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems could negatively impact operations. The company continues to evaluate, adapt, and improve the organization and its business practices to better meet customer needs and believes that it is well positioned to respond to the evolving health care environment and market forces. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by volatility in foreign exchange rates. The company continually monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company systems to reduce risks and expects to continue to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature considered normal to its business, including product liability, intellectual property, and commercial litigation. The company believes that there are no compliance issues associated with applicable environmental laws and regulations that would have a material adverse effect on the company. The company has undertaken restructurings of different types during the covered periods and, therefore, these charges should not be considered non-recurring; however, management excludes these amounts from non-GAAP income and non-GAAP EPS because it believes it is helpful for understanding the performance of the continuing business. The company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations. The company has a strong financial profile that enables it to fully fund research and development, focus on external alliances, support in-line products, and maximize upcoming launches while providing significant cash returns to shareholders. The company anticipates that pricing pressures and market access challenges will continue in the future to varying degrees in emerging markets. The company is committed to making externally sourced programs a greater component of its pipeline strategy, with a renewed focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds. The company continues to evaluate certain late-stage clinical development and platform technology assets to determine their out-licensing or sale potential.