Our risk management and monitoring processes seek to quantify and mitigate risk to more extreme market moves. However, severe market events have historically been difficult to predict, and we could realize significant losses if extreme market events were to occur. Operational risk refers to the risk of loss, or of damage to our reputation, resulting from inadequate or failed processes, people and systems or from external events. We may incur operational risk across the full scope of our business activities, including revenue-generating activities and support and control groups. We are subject to operational risks, including a failure, breach or other disruption of our operational or security systems, that could adversely affect our businesses or reputation. Despite the business contingency plans we have in place, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to us. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business and the communities where we are located. This may include a disruption involving physical site access, cyber incidents, terrorist activities, disease pandemics, catastrophic events, natural disasters, extreme weather events, and other services we use. We face the risk of operational failure or termination of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities transactions. The interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business. Our risk management strategies, models and processes may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk. Our risk management strategies, models and processes may not always adapt with changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate. Many models we use are based on assumptions regarding correlations among prices of various asset classes and therefore cannot anticipate sudden, unanticipated or unidentified market or economic movements, which could cause us to incur losses. The financial services industry is subject to extensive regulation, which is undergoing major changes that will impact our business. We are subject to extensive regulation by U.S. federal and state regulatory agencies and securities exchanges and by regulators in each of the major markets where we conduct our business. These laws and regulations significantly affect the way we do business and can restrict the scope of our existing businesses and limit our ability to expand our product offerings. In response to the financial crisis, legislators and regulators have adopted, continue to propose, and are in the process of implementing a wide range of financial market reforms that are resulting in major changes to the way our global operations are regulated and conducted. Our liquidity and financial condition have in the past been, and in the future could be, adversely affected by U.S. and international markets and economic conditions. Our ability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets or the equity markets, or to access secured lending markets, has in the past been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by conditions in the U.S. and international markets and economies. Our risk management strategies, models and processes may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk. The emergence of a disease pandemic or other widespread health emergency could create economic and financial disruptions and could lead to operational difficulties that could impair our ability to manage our businesses around the world.