We face a number of risks related to current global economic and political conditions, including low economic growth rates in certain markets, the impact of currency fluctuations, falling commodity prices, and unstable political conditions that have and could continue to unfavorably impact our business. Economic growth in many countries, particularly in Europe and Latin America, has remained low, and currency fluctuations have impacted profitability. The inability of our customers to obtain sufficient credit or other funds could have a negative impact on our financial results. It is difficult to estimate changes in various parts of the U.S. and world economy, including the markets in which we participate, and uncertainty about current and future global economic conditions may cause businesses and governments to defer or cancel purchases. We operate in markets with a risk of intensifying political instability, and if political instability continues, it could significantly impact our ability to grow and operate in those locations. Our financial performance is impacted by currency fluctuations, and we continue to generate profits outside of the U.S., while many of our liabilities are payable in the U.S. Our U.S. government business is subject to specific procurement regulations that increase our performance and compliance costs. A security breach or significant disruption of our IT systems could negatively impact our operations, sales, and operating results. We face additional risk as a target of sophisticated attacks aimed at compromising our sensitive information and intellectual property. We are dependent on our outsourced business partners to adequately protect our IT systems, and any disruption could negatively impact our ability to manufacture, distribute, or repair products. Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase materials and services to meet customer demands, and any disruption to our suppliers could negatively impact our results of operations. We have experienced shortages in the past that have negatively impacted our results and may experience such shortages in the future. Our sales within a quarter are not linear, and any interruption during the final month could have a substantial impact on our quarterly financial results. We have completed a number of large divestitures, which have resulted in less diversity in our business and customer base, potentially impacting our financial results in the event of a downturn. We expect to continue to make strategic acquisitions, which introduce significant risks and uncertainties, including the difficulty of integrating acquired businesses and achieving benefits from the acquisitions. Our success depends on our timely introduction of new products and technologies, and we face risks related to our significant investment in developing and introducing new products. The markets for our products are characterized by changing technologies and evolving industry standards, and we may experience delays in completing development and introducing new products or technologies. We are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety laws that could impact our ability to grow our business and could subject us to unexpected costs and liabilities. Our operations and the products we manufacture are subject to various laws that could impact our financial performance. We may be unable to obtain components that are verified to be conflict-free, which could result in reputational damage. Our ability to maintain operational continuity and adapt to changing conditions is critical for our organizational resilience, and we must effectively manage risks associated with our global operations and supply chain complexities.