In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this form 10-K, the following are important factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us. We may be unable to maintain or improve gross margins, which are dependent upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs. Factors that may limit our ability to reduce costs include the increasing complexity of manufacturing processes and difficulty in transitioning to smaller line-width process technologies. The semiconductor memory industry is highly competitive, and we face intense competition from a number of companies that may have greater resources to invest in technology and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flows in the future, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors beyond our control. We may need to refinance or restructure our debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory technologies, and we face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. Our key semiconductor memory technologies face potential limitations on the ability to shrink products to reduce costs and improve power consumption and reliability. We have made significant investments in product and process technologies and anticipate expending significant resources for new semiconductor product development over the next several years. The process to develop products requires us to demonstrate advanced functionality and performance well in advance of a planned ramp of production. We have experienced disruptions in our manufacturing process as a result of power outages, improperly functioning equipment, and other environmental events. If production at a fabrication facility is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected, which could materially adversely affect our business. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower-cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain this equipment timely could adversely affect our ability to transition to next-generation manufacturing processes and reduce costs. We have entered into strategic relationships to manufacture products and develop new manufacturing process technologies, which involve numerous risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. Our operations require raw materials that meet exacting standards, and disruptions in transportation lines could delay our receipt of raw materials. If our supply of raw materials or services is disrupted, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect our future capital spending will be higher than our historical levels due to the expansion of our clean room space, which facilitates efficient implementation of production. Our cash flows from operations depend primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory sold, average selling prices, and manufacturing costs. We may experience losses on our holdings of cash and investments due to failures of financial institutions and other parties. A downturn in the worldwide economy may harm our business, and adverse economic conditions affect demand for devices that incorporate our products. We face risks associated with our international sales and operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.