Our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not exclusively within our control, that may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. We depend heavily on a single customer, the U.S. government, for a substantial portion of our business. Changes in this customer's priorities and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and/or cash flows. The U.S. government has been implementing significant reductions in government spending and other significant program changes, which could introduce inefficiencies and result in financial and other damages for which we may not be able to negotiate full recovery. Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and U.S. government funding may negatively impact our business and programs. The uncertainty surrounding the federal budget and appropriations processes remains a significant long-term risk. Adverse consequences from operating under a continuing resolution may be greater if the company has a higher percentage of development programs. We believe continued budget pressures will have serious negative consequences for the security of our country and the defense industrial base. Our international business exposes us to additional risks, including political and economic factors, legal requirements, and cross-cultural considerations. Changes in regulations, political leadership, and security risks may dramatically affect our ability to conduct or continue to conduct business in international markets. Our reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of employees, agents, or business partners. We have implemented extensive policies and compliance controls to prevent misconduct, but we cannot ensure that we will prevent all such misconduct. Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber and other security threats or disruptions, which could damage our reputation and lead to loss of business. We are subject to various investigations, claims, and litigation that could divert financial and management resources and disrupt our business. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Many of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities and are technologically complex. Failure to meet these obligations could adversely affect our profitability and future prospects. Our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of environmental laws and regulations, which may require significant operating and capital costs. Unforeseen environmental costs could have an adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. Changes in future business conditions could cause business investments and recorded goodwill to become impaired, resulting in substantial losses. We monitor the recoverability of the carrying value of our goodwill and other long-lived assets, and significant write-offs could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. The occurrence and impact of these factors are difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.