We faced significant headwinds during 2015 as operating revenues were negatively impacted by the steep decline in energy prices, which drove both reduced fuel surcharge revenue and volume decreases in coal and energy-related products. Despite these challenges, we continued our focus on deploying resources to improve network velocity and service, while streamlining our corporate assets with the restructuring of our triple crown services company subsidiary and the closure of our Roanoke, Virginia, corporate office. As a result of operational improvements, network fluidity improved throughout the year, as evidenced by a 21% decrease in terminal dwell from the beginning of the year and a 17% improvement in train speed over the same time period. We expect to see continued improvement in our service levels and the implementation of multiple cost-control initiatives, as we balance resources with the demand for our high-quality rail service. Through these initiatives, we expect to produce expense savings of $130 million in 2016 while increasing productivity and efficiency. We also expect to see modest growth in our intermodal and automotive markets, which should help temper weakness in our commodity-related markets. However, further declines in commodity prices or consumer activity could erode demand. Improving our rail service, generating higher returns on capital, and increasing the efficiency of our resources remain our focus, and we believe we are well-positioned to meet continued headwinds in 2016. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions, discharges, and the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. The risk of incurring environmental liability is inherent in the railroad business, which includes property owned by us that is or has been subject to a variety of uses. Environmental problems that are latent or undisclosed may exist on these properties, and we could incur environmental liabilities or costs, the amount and materiality of which cannot be estimated reliably at this time. Severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena, including hurricanes, floods, fires, and earthquakes, may cause significant business interruptions and result in increased costs, increased liabilities, and decreased revenues. Unpredictability of demand for rail services resulting in the unavailability of qualified personnel could adversely affect our operational efficiency and ability to meet demand. Workforce demographics, training requirements, and the availability of qualified personnel could each have a negative impact on our ability to meet demand for rail service. We may be affected by supply constraints resulting from disruptions in the fuel markets or the nature of some of our supplier markets. A severe fuel supply shortage arising from various factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Our ability to provide rail service to customers depends on maintaining cooperative relationships with connecting carriers. Deterioration in the operations of or service provided by connecting carriers could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties. The vast majority of our employees belong to labor unions, and labor agreements, strikes, or work stoppages could adversely affect our operations. More than 80% of our railroad employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and if unionized workers were to engage in a strike or work stoppage, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations.