In order to grow, we need to continue to acquire investment properties. Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting our existing or potential tenants could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new tenants, re-lease space, collect rent, or renew leases, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and inhibit growth. We could be adversely affected by various facts and events over which we have limited or no control, such as lack of demand in areas where our properties are located, inability to retain existing tenants and attract new tenants, oversupply of space, and declines in our tenants' creditworthiness. Any tenant may experience a downturn in its business that may weaken its operating results or overall financial condition, leading to delays in lease commencement or failures to make rental payments. A significant portion of the costs of owning property are not necessarily reduced when circumstances cause a decrease in rental revenue from the properties. In a weakened financial condition, tenants may not be able to pay these costs of ownership, and we may be unable to recover these operating expenses from them. We may be exposed to a variety of new risks by expanding into new property types and jurisdictions, which may include limited experience in managing certain types of new properties. We may face unknown environmental liabilities, and the presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect our ability to lease or sell that property. We have not been notified by any governmental authority of any material noncompliance, liability, or claim relating to hazardous substances. Our tenants are generally responsible for liabilities for environmental matters that arise during the lease terms. We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and key employees, and the loss of their services could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, or other unexpected events may negatively affect our operations and the market price of our capital stock. We rely on information technology networks and systems to manage our business processes, and any material failure of that technology could harm our business. Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms. We seek to maintain a conservative capital structure and solid interest coverage ratios. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our obligations. Our portfolio of real estate, leased primarily to regional and national tenants under net leases, continues to perform well and provides dependable lease revenue supporting the payment of monthly dividends to our stockholders. We have an active portfolio management program that incorporates the sale of assets when we believe the reinvestment of the sale proceeds will generate higher returns and enhance the credit quality of our real estate portfolio. We intend to invest proceeds from property sales into new property acquisitions if attractive opportunities are available. However, we cannot guarantee that we will sell properties at our estimated values or be able to invest the proceeds in new properties.