Our cash flow depends heavily on the earnings and distributions of Oneok Partners. A significant decline in Oneok Partners' earnings and/or cash distributions could have a corresponding negative impact on us. Our indebtedness could impair our financial condition and our ability to fulfill our obligations. For example, it could make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our senior notes and our other indebtedness due to the increased debt-service obligations, which could, in turn, result in an event of default on such other indebtedness or our senior notes. We have developed and implemented a comprehensive set of policies and procedures that involve both our senior management and the audit committee of our board of directors to assist us in managing risks associated with, among other things, the marketing, trading and risk-management activities associated with our business segments. Our risk policies and procedures are intended to align strategies, processes, people, information technology and business knowledge so that risk is managed throughout the organization. However, as conditions change and become more complex, current risk measures may fail to adequately assess the relevant risk due to changes in the market and the presence of risks previously unknown to us. Ineffective risk-management policies and procedures or violation of risk-management policies and procedures could have an adverse effect on our earnings, financial position or cash flows. Our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. The various uses of these IT systems, networks and services include, but are not limited to: controlling Oneok Partners' plants and pipelines with industrial control systems; collecting and storing customer, employee, investor and other stakeholder information and data; processing transactions; and complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements. Our operations require skilled and experienced workers with proficiency in multiple tasks. In recent years, a shortage of workers trained in various skills associated with the midstream energy business has caused us to conduct certain operations without full staff, thus hiring outside resources, which may decrease productivity and increase costs. This shortage of skilled labor could continue over an extended period. If the shortage of experienced labor continues or worsens, it could have an adverse impact on labor productivity and costs and our ability to expand production in the event there is an increase in the demand for our products and services. The capital and global credit markets have experienced volatility and disruption in the past. In many cases during these periods, the capital markets have exerted downward pressure on equity values and reduced the credit capacity for certain companies. If we or Oneok Partners are unable to access capital at competitive rates, Oneok Partners' strategy of enhancing the earnings potential of its existing assets may be affected adversely. We expect Oneok Partners to fund its longer-term financing requirements by issuing common units or long-term notes. Oneok Partners' ability to obtain financing is subject to changes in the debt and equity markets, and there is no assurance it will be able or willing to access the public or private markets in the future. The significant decline in commodity prices has increased the cost of debt and equity financing for Oneok Partners and others in the industry.