The company's business is highly sensitive to global and national economic conditions as well as economic conditions in the industries and markets it serves. Unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase the company's cost of doing business or disrupt the company's or its suppliers' operations. The company routinely monitors its financial exposure to global financial conditions, global counterparties, and operating environments. The company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, syndicated bank lines, and current investment-grade credit ratings will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates, thereby contributing to the company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. A decrease in these credit ratings could negatively impact the company's ability to access capital markets at competitive interest rates and the company's ability to maintain liquidity and financial stability. The company is expanding its range of Paccar engines in North America with the introduction of the Paccar MX-11 engine, which is designed to deliver excellent performance and fuel economy, industry-leading durability and reliability, and a quiet operating environment for the driver. The company has developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. The company conducts business in countries experiencing significant financial stress, fiscal or political strain, and the corresponding potential default. The company believes its policies, practices, and procedures are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and that its handling, use, and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances have been in accordance with environmental laws and regulations. The company maintains protections to guard against disruptions in information technology systems, which may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, or components. The financial services segment is exposed to liquidity risk from the shorter maturity of short-term borrowings paid to lenders compared to the longer timing of receivable collections from customers. The company believes its financial services companies will be able to continue funding receivables, servicing debt, and paying dividends through internally generated funds, access to public and private debt markets, and lines of credit. The company's operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs. The company could experience higher research and development costs due to changes in government requirements for its products, including changes in emissions, fuel, greenhouse gas, or other regulations. The company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. The allowance for credit losses consists of both specific and general reserves, and the company evaluates finance receivables that are not individually impaired on a collective basis. The company believes that its U.S. cash and cash equivalents and marketable debt securities, future operating cash flow, and access to the capital markets will be sufficient to meet U.S. liquidity requirements. The company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings.