Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment. These guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including growing our utility operations through continued investment in transmission and distribution infrastructure projects, and maintaining and expanding a reliable generation fleet with the flexibility to utilize a diverse mix of fuels which allows us to respond to market volatility and capitalize on opportunities as they arise. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. Flexibility in our generating fleet has allowed us to take advantage of market opportunities presented during the year as we remain diligent in managing costs. Our focus has been to invest capital in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects aimed at maintaining service reliability to our customers and bolstering our system resiliency. We strive to improve performance and reduce costs in order to enhance the value of our generation fleet in light of low gas prices, environmental considerations, and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. Our strategic initiatives include investments in energy efficiency and demand response programs, which are regulated and designed to enhance our operational flexibility and resilience. The energy strong program provides for significant investment aimed at improving the resiliency of our gas and electric distribution system. We will seek recovery of investments made to enhance the resiliency of our infrastructure and maintain the reliability of the service we provide to our customers. Our operational strategies are focused on ensuring that we can effectively manage our energy obligations and re-contract our open supply positions while advocating for measures to ensure the implementation of market design and transmission planning rules that promote fair and efficient electricity markets. We are also exposed to the risk of equipment failures, accidents, severe weather events, or other incidents which could result in damage to or destruction of our facilities or damage to persons or property. Such issues experienced at our facilities could adversely impact our revenues, increase costs to repair and maintain our systems, and subject us to potential litigation and/or damage claims, fines/penalties, which could adversely affect our costs, competitiveness, and future investments. Our businesses and industry may be impacted by acts and threats of war or terrorism, which could result in increased political, economic, and financial market instability and volatility in fuel prices. Cybersecurity threats to our operations include disruption of the operation of our assets and the power grid, theft of confidential company information, and general business system interruptions. We devote resources to network and application security, encryption, and other measures to protect our computing systems and infrastructure from unauthorized access or misuse. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-moving economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and to respond to the issues and challenges described.