The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. Our disclosure and analysis contain forward-looking statements that set forth anticipated results based on management's plans and assumptions. Achievement of anticipated results is subject to substantial risks, uncertainties, and inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from past results and those anticipated. Companies may face greater pricing pressure from private third-party payers, who will continue to drive more of their patients to use lower-cost generic alternatives. The loss or expiration of intellectual property rights can have a significant adverse effect on our revenues. The introduction of competitive products can result in erosion of the sales of our existing products and potential sales of products in development, as well as unanticipated product obsolescence. Our growth potential depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs. Balancing current growth, investment for the future, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in R&D for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. The discovery and development of safe, effective new products are necessary for the continued strength of our businesses. Our product lines must be replenished over time in order to offset revenue losses when products lose their market exclusivity. Our international operations could be affected by currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, expropriation and other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections, and political unrest. The growing availability and use of innovative specialty pharmaceuticals have generated payer interest in developing cost-containment strategies targeted to this sector. Difficulties or delays in product manufacturing or marketing could affect future results through regulatory actions, shut-downs, approval delays, withdrawals, recalls, penalties, supply disruptions, or shortages. We undertake significant efforts to counteract the threats associated with counterfeit medicines, which could adversely impact our business. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from our acquisition of Hospira will depend on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our businesses. The integration process may result in the loss of key employees, disruption of ongoing business, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies. The combination of two independent businesses is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process. As a result, we will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating our business practices and operations. The failure to meet the challenges involved in integrating the two businesses and to realize the anticipated benefits of the transactions could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, the activities of the combined company and could adversely affect the results of operations of the combined company. We continue to monitor our liquidity position. However, there can be no assurance that possible future changes in global financial markets and global economic conditions will not affect our liquidity or capital resources or impact our ability to obtain financing in the future. The global economic environment has not had, nor do we anticipate it will have, a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources.