Our business is subject to numerous risks as a result of our having significant operations and sales in international markets, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls and localized volatility. We are a global company, with operations in approximately 70 countries and products sold in more than 180 countries and territories around the world. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of our previously-announced supply chain simplifications and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements. The loss or disruption of such manufacturing and supply arrangements, including for issues such as labor disputes, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, inability to procure sufficient raw or input materials, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism or other external factors over which we have no control, could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our businesses face cost fluctuations and pressures that could affect our business results. Our costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in the prices of commodities and raw materials and the costs of labor, transportation, energy, pension and healthcare. Therefore, our business results are dependent, in part, on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions, cost-saving projects and sourcing decisions, while maintaining and improving margins and market share. The ability to achieve our business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. The consumer products industry is highly competitive. As a result, we experience ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. This includes, among other things, increasing competition from mid- and lower-tier value products, including private-label products, in both developed and developing markets. To address these challenges, we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors, including pricing, promotional incentives and trade terms. Our operational flexibility is critical to navigate these pressures effectively. We must also be able to successfully respond to technological advances made by, and intellectual property rights granted to, competitors. Failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and adversely impact our results. Our company also devotes significant time and resources to programs that are consistent with our corporate values and are designed to protect and preserve our reputation, such as social responsibility and environmental sustainability. If these programs are not executed as planned or suffer negative publicity, the company's reputation and financial results could be adversely impacted. We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk. Due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties, including our suppliers, distributors, contractors, joint venture partners or external business partners, for certain functions. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships and the agreements under which our third-party partners operate, our financial results could suffer. A breach of information security, including a cybersecurity breach or failure of one or more key information technology systems, networks, hardware, processes, associated sites or service providers could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. The various uses of these IT systems, networks and services include, but are not limited to, ordering and managing materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping products to customers, marketing and selling products to consumers, and collecting, transmitting, transferring and storing customer, consumer, employee, vendor, investor and other stakeholder information and personal data.