Our business involves various risks and uncertainties, including operating risks stemming from external or internal events that may affect our insurance operations. The performance of our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform necessary functions efficiently and uninterruptedly. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities for any reason could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. We must effectively manage complexity as we develop and deliver high-quality products and customer experiences. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, informational, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our business. Our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop, compensate, motivate, and retain talented employees, which is critical to our organizational health. We must accurately evaluate and pay claims that are made under our insurance policies, as our failure to do so could undermine customer goodwill and our reputation in the marketplace. Our insurance businesses operate in highly regulated environments, and our ability to implement business plans while complying with these laws and regulations is critical to our success. The realization of risks such as a downturn in general economic conditions or the failure of a major insurer could materially adversely affect our financial results and future business prospects. Our success will depend on our ability to continue to accurately predict our reinsurance needs and obtain sufficient reinsurance coverage at reasonable costs. Catastrophes can be caused by natural events or other unforeseen circumstances, and the frequency and severity of such events are inherently unpredictable. We use catastrophe modeling tools and third-party experts to help estimate our exposure to such events, but these tools may become less reliable as climatic conditions change. Our business is highly dependent on the secure and uninterrupted operation of our facilities, systems, and business functions. Our ability to maintain and improve the staffing effectiveness and culture that we have developed over the years may be impaired by various factors, including litigation or changes in the employment marketplace. Our financial condition may be adversely affected if one or more parties with which we enter into significant contracts become insolvent or default in their obligations. The complexity of laws and regulations applicable to our operations may impose additional costs and affect our ability to innovate and respond to market demands. Our access to capital markets and ability to obtain or renew financing arrangements depend on favorable evaluations and ratings by credit and other rating agencies. If we fail to comply with legal requirements, we could face significant monetary fines and penalties, which could adversely affect our business and brand. The potential for injunctive relief from lawsuits can threaten our use of important business practices, and adverse court decisions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations.