We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand, and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance revenue generation and profitability. Difficult economic conditions or volatility in the financial markets would likely have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations. Recessionary conditions can lead to turmoil and volatility in financial markets, which can increase the adverse impact on financial institutions. Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of changes in the values of financial assets. A substantial majority of our assets and liabilities are financial in nature, and such assets and liabilities will fluctuate in value due to movements in the financial markets or market volatility. Our performance is subject to risks associated with the loss of customer confidence and demand. Economic and market developments may affect consumer and business confidence levels. If customers lose confidence due to a weak or deteriorating economy or uncertainty surrounding the future of the economy, the demand for our products and services could suffer. We have established policies, procedures, and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions, or breaches in security of information systems. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning and our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs. We have also seen more customer usage of technological solutions for financial needs and higher expectations of customers and regulators regarding effective and safe systems operation. We expect these trends to continue for the foreseeable future. The need to ensure proper functioning of these systems has become more challenging, and the costs involved in that effort are greater than ever. The occurrence of any failure, interruption, or security breach of any of our information or communications systems could result in a wide variety of adverse consequences. This risk is greater if the issue is widespread or results in financial losses to our customers. Our business and financial performance are dependent on our ability to attract and retain customers for our products and services, which may be negatively impacted by a lack of consumer and business economic confidence. Our strategies for growing fee income across our lines of business are focused on achieving deeper market penetration and cross-selling our diverse product mix to meet the broad range of financial needs of our customers. We strive to expand and deepen customer relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, fee-based, and credit products and services. Our capital priorities are to support client growth and business investment, maintain appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, and return excess capital to shareholders. Our business and financial results are subject to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties. We manage credit risk by assessing and monitoring the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties, by diversifying our loan portfolio, and by investing primarily in high-quality securities. Our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment is critical for maintaining operational flexibility and ensuring organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.