Our operating results and future rate of growth are exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices and refining, marketing, and petrochemical margins. Uncertainty and illiquidity in credit and capital markets can impair our ability to obtain credit and financing on acceptable terms and can adversely affect the financial strength of our business partners. Our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, access to those markets, which could constrain our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. Our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, which continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations. The adoption of climate change legislation could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the refined products we produce. Climate change may adversely affect our facilities and our ongoing operations. Domestic and worldwide political and economic developments could damage our operations and materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. Our operations could be subject to significant interruption if one or more of our facilities were to experience a major accident, mechanical failure, or power outage, encounter work stoppages relating to organized labor issues, be damaged by severe weather or other natural or man-made disaster, or otherwise be forced to shut down. A significant interruption in one or more of our facilities could also lead to increased volatility in prices for feedstocks and refined products, and could increase instability in the financial and insurance markets, making it more difficult for us to access capital and to obtain insurance coverage that we consider adequate. Our performance depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of the manufacturing equipment in our production facilities. A disruption in our information technology systems due to a catastrophic event or security breach could interrupt or damage our operations. Our operations present hazards and risks, which may not be fully covered by insurance. We are subject to interruptions of supply and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil, NGL, and refined products. Increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing could result in reductions or delays in U.S. production of crude oil and natural gas, which could adversely impact our results of operations. Our ability to obtain new supplies of natural gas and NGL, and to attract new customers to our assets, includes the level of successful drilling activity near these assets and our ability to compete for volumes from successful new wells. Competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks or have greater financial resources may have a competitive advantage. The refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined product markets. Our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk. Failure by us, or an entity in which we have a joint-venture interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and operations. We strive to attract, train, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and culture. We encourage collaboration throughout our company while valuing differences, respecting diversity of thought, and creating a great place to work. We foster an environment of learning and development through structured programs focused on enhancing functional and technical skills where employees are engaged in our business and committed to their own, as well as the company's, success.