Our business can be highly cyclical and subject to seasonal and other variations that can result in significant differences in operating results from quarter to quarter. Negative economic and market conditions, including continued low oil and natural gas prices, may adversely impact our customers' future spending as well as payment for our services and, as a result, our operations and growth. Stagnant or declining economic conditions have adversely impacted the demand for our services in the past and resulted in the delay, reduction, or cancellation of certain projects and may adversely affect us in the future. Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter, and we may encounter difficulties as a result of delays in design, engineering information, or materials provided by the customer or a third party, delays or difficulties in equipment and material delivery, schedule changes, and weather-related delays. The timing and volume of work we perform may also materially and/or adversely affect our quarterly results. We may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees, which limits our ability to maintain productivity and profitability. Our ability to generate internal growth will be affected by our ability to expand the range of services we offer to customers to address their evolving infrastructure needs, attract new customers, and hire and retain qualified employees. We are subject to the risk that we may be unable to obtain, through negotiation, arbitration, litigation, or otherwise, adequate amounts to compensate us for additional work or expenses incurred due to delays and additional costs. Our business is labor-intensive, and we may experience shortages of qualified personnel, which could impair our ability to maintain our business or grow our revenues or profitability. We may also be required to invest significant working capital to fund cost overruns while the resolution of claims is pending, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our operations are subject to significant operational hazards, and we are self-insured against certain potential liabilities. We are also subject to various environmental laws and regulations, which may lead to increased costs associated with our operations and impact the prices we charge our customers. We believe that our financial and operational strengths will enable us to manage these challenges and uncertainties, and we remain optimistic about our near-term and long-term opportunities. We continue to evaluate the impact of the economic environment on our reporting units and the valuation of recorded goodwill. We are closely monitoring our customers and the effect that changes in economic and market conditions have had or may have on them. Our strategy to pursue midstream gathering system opportunities in certain unconventional shale formations, as well as the anticipated increase in demand for our pipeline integrity, rehabilitation, and replacement services, will create attractive growth potential for us and further diversify our service offerings in both the near and long term. We believe that additional attractive acquisition candidates exist primarily as a result of the highly fragmented nature of the industry, the inability of many companies to expand and modernize due to capital constraints, and the desire of owners for liquidity. We are also experiencing an increase in demand for our natural gas distribution services as a result of improved economic conditions, lower natural gas prices, and a significant need to upgrade and replace aging infrastructure.