We operate in an environment that involves a number of significant risks and uncertainties, which could affect our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. We are substantially dependent on the success of Eylea, and if we or Bayer Healthcare are unable to continue to successfully commercialize Eylea, our business may be materially harmed. The continued commercial success of Eylea will depend on many factors, including the effectiveness of our commercial strategy, our ability to meet the demand for commercial supplies, and our ability to maintain sales in the face of competitive products. We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight, and failure to maintain regulatory compliance could result in withdrawal of marketing approval, materially harming our business. Our sales are dependent on the availability and extent of reimbursement from third-party payers, and changes to such reimbursement may materially harm our business. The market for eye disease products is very competitive, and we face significant competition from other companies. We rely on our collaboration with Bayer Healthcare for commercializing Eylea, and termination of this collaboration would create substantial risks to our ability to develop and commercialize Eylea outside the United States. We have limited commercial capabilities outside the United States and would have to develop or outsource these capabilities, which could adversely affect our business. We are dependent on a small number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue, and the loss of or significant reduction in sales to these customers would adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to generate and grow sales of Eylea will depend on the extent to which our distributors and specialty pharmacies are able to provide adequate distribution. We are also highly dependent on certain executive officers and key personnel, and if we cannot retain these individuals, our business may suffer. Our business is increasingly dependent on critical information technology systems, and significant disruptions or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business. We expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities, and we believe that our existing capital resources will enable us to meet our projected operating needs for the foreseeable future. However, we may need additional funding in the future, which may not be available to us, and which may force us to delay, reduce, or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization efforts. The lengthy process of seeking FDA approvals requires the expenditure of substantial resources, and any failure to obtain or delay in obtaining regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our business. Our estimates of research and development costs for clinical development programs involve uncertainties related to safety and efficacy data, enrollment and performance of clinical trials, and other risks. We prepare estimates of research and development costs for projects in clinical development, which include direct costs and allocations of certain costs. Our ability to sustain profitability is contingent upon our continued success in commercializing Eylea, and we may incur substantial losses if we cannot sustain profitability.