Our indebtedness may affect our business and may restrict our operating flexibility. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. A breach of these covenants or our inability to comply with the financial ratios, tests or other restrictions contained in our facility could result in an event of default under this facility. The occurrence of any of these events could materially harm our business. Our growth strategy includes acquisitions, and we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions or integrate acquisitions successfully. Difficulties encountered with acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business exposes us to product liability risks in the design, manufacturing and distribution of our products. A successful product liability or other claim or series of claims brought against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operating results could be adversely affected by a reduction of business with our large customers. We face intense competition from numerous competitors. To remain competitive, we must develop new products, respond to new technologies and enhance our existing products in a timely manner. Our business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems to securely transmit, process and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with clients and vendors. A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. Any business disruptions due to political instability, armed hostilities, incidents of terrorism or natural disasters could adversely impact our financial performance. We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both additions to existing businesses and new strategic platforms. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements and future acquisition activities. We expect our international operations to contribute materially to our business for the foreseeable future. Our international operations are subject to varying degrees of risk inherent in doing business outside the U.S., including adverse changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions. The occurrence of any of these events could materially harm our business. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, costs relating to compliance with environmental laws and regulations. We must conform our operations and properties to these laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in the countries in which we operate as these requirements change. We have not changed the application of acceptable accounting methods or the significant estimates affecting the application of these principles in the last three years in a manner that had a material effect on our financial statements. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. Our technology is important to our success and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage. We rely on information and technology for many of our business operations which could fail and cause disruption to our business operations. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule.