This form 10-K contains certain forward-looking information about us that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for "forward-looking statements." General economic conditions can directly and adversely affect our operating results. A weak economy generally results in decreases in volumes of waste generated, which adversely affects our revenues. Additionally, we have a relatively high fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to adjust quickly to match declining waste volume levels. Consumer uncertainty and the loss of consumer confidence may decrease overall economic activity and thereby limit the amount of services we provide. The decline in waste volumes may result in increased competitive pricing pressure and increased customer turnover, resulting in lower revenue and increased operating costs. We cannot assure you that worsening economic conditions would not have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Recovery in the solid waste industry historically has lagged behind recovery in the general economy. The waste industry is highly competitive and includes competitors that may have greater financial and operational resources, flexibility to reduce prices, or other competitive advantages that could make it difficult for us to compete effectively. Our ability to remain competitive and to grow our business largely depends on our cash flow from operations and access to capital. If our capital efficiency programs cannot offset the impact of inflation and business growth, it may be necessary to increase the amount we spend. We may be unable to obtain or maintain required permits or to expand existing permitted capacity of our landfills, which could decrease our revenue and increase our costs. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain or maintain the permits we require to operate because permits to operate new landfills and transfer stations, or to expand the permitted capacity of existing landfills, have become more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. Responding to these challenges has at times increased our costs and extended the time associated with establishing new landfills and transfer stations and expanding existing landfills. In addition, failure to receive regulatory and zoning approval may prohibit us from establishing new landfills or transfer stations or expanding existing landfills. Our failure to obtain the required permits to operate our landfills and transfer stations could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We may also have to dispose of collected waste at landfills operated by our competitors or haul the waste long distances at a higher cost to one of our other landfills, either of which could significantly increase our waste disposal costs. Adverse weather conditions, including those brought about by climate change, may limit our operations and increase the costs of collection and disposal. Our collection and landfill operations could be adversely impacted by extended periods of inclement weather or by increased severity of weather and climate extremes resulting from climate change. Any of these factors could increase the volume of waste collected under our existing contracts, interfere with collection and landfill operations, delay the development of landfill capacity, or reduce the volume of waste generated by our customers. Our growth strategy places significant demands on our financial, operational, and management resources. To continue our growth, we may need to add administrative and other personnel and may need to make additional investments in operations and systems. We cannot assure you that we will be able to find and train qualified personnel or do so on a timely basis, or to expand our operations and systems to the extent and in the time required. Our ability to execute our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to identify and acquire desirable acquisition candidates and on our ability to successfully integrate acquired operations into our business. The integration of our operations with those of acquired companies may present significant challenges to our management.