The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions may reduce the demand for some of our products and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. A weakening or reversal of the general economic recovery may adversely impact our net sales, the collection of accounts receivable, and expected cash flow generation, which may adversely impact our results of operations. Global economic uncertainty continues to exist, and a continuation or worsening of economic downturns could limit our ability to collect accounts receivable. We generally fund a portion of our seasonal working capital needs through short-term borrowings. If banks in our credit facilities are unable to perform on their commitments, our cash flow could be adversely impacted. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and we cannot guarantee that we will generate sufficient cash flow from operations. Our historical financial results have been subject to fluctuations, and our ability to make payments on our debt will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. The success of future acquisitions depends on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise. Risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into foreign markets could adversely affect our results of operations. Our inability to manage the risks relating to international factors could adversely affect our financial condition. We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules, and regulations, and compliance risks will continue to exist. Investigations and proceedings could subject us to significant liability and require us to take significant accruals or pay significant settlements. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information could severely harm our business, and we are increasing our sensitivity to cyber security threats. Our operations are subject to various domestic and foreign health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations, and compliance with these laws may adversely affect our results of operations. We are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities, and our liability may result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued. The nature, cost, and outcome of pending and future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We are subject to various claims and lawsuits, and uncertainties regarding potential liabilities could impact our financial condition. Adverse court rulings could result in significant liabilities and costs. We expect that additional litigation may be filed against us in the future, and management cannot reasonably determine the scope or amount of potential costs related to such litigation. Any potential liability that may result from changes to legislation and regulations cannot reasonably be estimated. The uncertainties involved in litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition.