The growth of our business depends on the semiconductor and electronics industries, and a substantial portion of our business and revenue depends upon the commencement of new design projects by semiconductor manufacturers and their customers. The increasing complexity of designs of systems-on-chips and integrated circuits, along with customers' concerns about managing costs, could lead to a decrease in design starts and design activity. Demand for our products and services could decrease, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations if growth in the semiconductor and electronics industries slows or stalls. The semiconductor and electronics industries have become increasingly complex ecosystems, and our customers frequently incorporate third-party intellectual property into their designs to improve the efficiency of their design process. We work closely with major foundries to ensure that our solutions are compatible with their manufacturing processes. Consolidation among our customers, as well as within the industries in which we operate, may negatively impact our operating results, leading to fewer customers, increased customer bargaining power, or reduced customer spending on software and services. The continued uncertainty in the global economy may negatively affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Weakness in the global economy has adversely affected consumer confidence and the growth of the semiconductor industry, causing semiconductor companies to behave cautiously and focus on their costs, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our sales. We cannot predict when widespread global economic confidence will be restored, and further economic instability could adversely affect our financial results. Acquisitions are an important part of our growth strategy, but we may not find suitable acquisition targets or may not be able to consummate desired acquisitions due to unfavorable credit markets or other risks. If we do not manage the risks associated with acquisitions, they may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Our ability to develop new products or sell our products may be hurt if we cannot realize the potential financial or strategic benefits of the acquisitions we complete. We face increased risks and compliance obligations due to the global nature of our operations, which may adversely affect our business. Catastrophic events may disrupt our business and harm our operating results, as we rely on a global network of infrastructure applications and technology systems. A disruption or failure of these systems could prevent us from fulfilling our customers' orders. Our corporate headquarters and critical business operations are located in California, near major earthquake faults, and a catastrophic event could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash generated from operations, and available credit will satisfy our routine business requirements for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. Our investment portfolio carries both interest rate risk and credit risk, and we regularly review our investments and associated risk profiles to effectively manage the risks. We proactively manage our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments balances and closely monitor our capital and stock repurchase activities to ensure ample liquidity.