The following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K and presented elsewhere by our management from time to time. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, funds from operations, or FFO, and prospects, which we refer to herein as a material adverse effect on us or as materially and adversely affecting us, and you should carefully consider them. We derive our operating results primarily from retail tenants, many of whom have been and continue to be under some degree of economic stress. A significant deterioration in the creditworthiness of our retail tenants could have a material adverse effect on us. We may not be able to lease newly developed properties and renew leases and relet space at existing properties. We may not be able to lease new properties to an appropriate mix of tenants. Additionally, department store or major tenant closures may result in decreased customer traffic, which could lead to decreased sales at our properties. If the sales of stores operating in our properties were to decline significantly due to the closing of anchor stores or other national retailers, adverse economic conditions, or other reasons, tenants may be unable to pay their minimum rents or expense recovery charges. We face potential adverse effects from tenant bankruptcies. Bankruptcy filings by retailers can occur regularly in the course of our operations. If a tenant files for bankruptcy, the tenant may have the right to reject and terminate one or more of its leases with us, and we cannot be sure that it will affirm one or more of its leases and continue to make rental payments to us in a timely manner. The bankruptcy of a tenant, particularly an anchor tenant or a national tenant with multiple locations, may make the re-leasing of their space difficult and costly, and it also may be more difficult to lease the remainder of the space at the affected properties. We face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably. Our properties compete with other retail properties and other forms of retailing such as catalogs and e-commerce websites. The presence of competitive alternatives affects our ability to lease space and the level of rents we can obtain. We also compete with other major real estate investors and developers for attractive investment opportunities and prime development sites. Our international activities may subject us to different or greater risk from those associated with our domestic operations. We may pursue additional investment, development, and redevelopment/expansion opportunities outside the United States. These risks include adverse effects of changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies, changes in foreign political and economic environments, challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, and difficulties in managing international operations. We continually seek to re-lease vacant spaces resulting from tenant terminations. Future tenant bankruptcies may impact our ability to successfully execute our re-leasing strategy and could materially and adversely affect us. We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions, or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and the loss of any one of our key personnel could adversely impact our business. The operating partnership guarantees debt or otherwise provides support for a number of joint venture properties. Joint venture debt is the liability of the joint venture and is typically secured by a mortgage on the joint venture property, which is non-recourse to us. Nevertheless, the joint venture's failure to satisfy its debt obligations could result in the loss of our investment therein. We may elect to fund cash needs of a joint venture through equity contributions, advances, or partner loans, although such fundings are not typically required contractually or otherwise.