When evaluating our company and its subsidiaries, you should consider carefully the following risk factors and all other information contained in this report. These risk factors could materially adversely affect our actual results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. Our businesses are capital intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and refund outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations. Limitations on the availability of credit and increases in interest rates or credit spreads may materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. Severe weather conditions, natural disasters, catastrophic accidents, major equipment failures or acts of terrorism could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects. The facilities and infrastructure that we own and in which we have interests may be subject to such incidents, which could result in severe business disruptions, property damage, injuries or loss of life, significant decreases in revenues and earnings, and/or significant additional costs to us. Our operations are subject to rules relating to transactions among the California utilities and other Sempra Energy businesses. Our businesses require numerous permits, licenses, franchise agreements, and other governmental approvals from various federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies; any failure to obtain or maintain required permits, licenses or approvals could cause our sales to materially decline and/or our costs to materially increase. Our businesses have significant environmental compliance costs, and future environmental compliance costs could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations. We are required to obtain numerous governmental permits, licenses, certificates and other approvals to construct and operate our businesses. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Our international businesses are exposed to different local, regulatory and business risks and challenges. In Mexico, we own or have interests in natural gas, propane and ethane distribution, storage and transportation projects, electricity generation, distribution and transmission facilities, and an LNG terminal. Developing infrastructure projects, owning energy assets, and operating businesses in foreign jurisdictions subject us to significant political, legal, regulatory and financial risks that vary by country. Our businesses depend on counterparties, business partners, customers, and suppliers performing in accordance with their agreements. If they fail to perform, we could incur substantial expenses and business disruptions and be exposed to commodity price risk and volatility, which could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects. Our businesses are subject to various legal actions challenging our property rights and permits. We rely on transportation assets and services, much of which we do not own or control, to deliver electricity and natural gas. If transportation is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, we may be unable to sell and deliver our commodities, electricity and other services to some or all of our customers. Our businesses will need to continue to adapt to technological change which may cause us to incur significant expenditures to adapt to these changes and which efforts may not be successful. The design, development and construction of the Cameron LNG liquefaction facility involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including unforeseen engineering problems, substantial construction delays and increased costs. The anticipated cost of this project is based on a number of assumptions that may prove incorrect, and the ultimate cost could significantly exceed the current estimate.