This report contains statements referring to us that are not historical facts and are considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We expect the law will have a significant impact upon various aspects of our business operations. We may be adversely affected by product liability claims, unfavorable court decisions, or legal settlements. The ultimate cost to us with respect to product liability claims could be materially different than the amount of the current estimates and accruals and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Our long-term success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation relating to the manufacturing, labeling, and marketing of our products. If we fail to fully comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we may be subject to a range of sanctions, including warning letters, product recalls, and the suspension of product manufacturing. Our relationships with healthcare professionals are subject to scrutiny under various state and federal laws, which could require us to incur substantial costs to monitor compliance. Financial difficulties experienced by our customers, distributors, and suppliers could result in product delays and inventory issues. Our ability to issue additional debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected by our debt levels, unfavorable changes in economic conditions generally, or uncertainties that affect the capital markets. We may be unable to effectively develop and market products against the products of our competitors in a highly competitive industry. Our competition may respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, or be more successful in attracting potential customers. We seek to maintain close working relationships with respected physicians and medical personnel who assist in product research and development. Our international operations are subject to a number of additional risks and potential costs, including changes in foreign medical reimbursement policies and programs, unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements, and political and economic instability. We cannot guarantee that any acquisition will be successful or will not have a material unfavorable impact on us. If we are unable to recruit, hire, develop, and retain a talented, competitive workforce, we may not be able to meet our strategic business objectives. We rely extensively on information technology systems to conduct business. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems, networks, and services. If the IT systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive, and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. The costs and operational consequences of interruptions in our operations and responding to breaches could be significant. We believe our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and ready access to capital markets at competitive rates. We anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs from a variety of sources, including cash from operations and existing credit lines. We continually evaluate our receivables and believe that our current reserves related to receivables are adequate. The ultimate cost to resolve certain product recalls may be materially different than the amount of the current estimate and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.