Our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of Target which, if eroded, could adversely affect our business and our relationships with our guests and team members. We believe that one of the reasons our guests prefer to shop at Target is the reputation we have built over many years for serving our four primary constituencies: guests, team members, shareholders, and the communities in which we operate. We must continue to preserve, grow, and leverage the value of Target's reputation. While reputations may take decades to build, any negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations, or litigation. Those types of incidents could have an adverse impact on perceptions and lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including consumer boycotts, lost sales, loss of new store and technology development opportunities, or team member retention and recruiting difficulties. Our ability to create a personalized guest experience through the collection and use of accurate and relevant guest data is important to our ability to differentiate from other retailers. We must compete by offering a consistent and convenient shopping experience for our guests regardless of the ultimate sales channel; providing and maintaining digital tools for our guests and team members that have the right features and are reliable and easy to use; and working with our vendors to offer unique and distinctive merchandise. If we are unable to successfully develop and maintain a relevant and reliable experience for our guests, regardless of where our guest demand is ultimately fulfilled, our sales, results of operations, and reputation could be adversely affected. Our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with guests across multiple channels. Retailing is rapidly evolving so that the majority of our sales in all of our channels are digitally enabled, and we must anticipate and meet changing guest expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. If we are unable to attract and retain team members or contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support these efforts, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage and account for inventory, process guest transactions, and maintain the privacy of guest data. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly or reliably, we may incur substantial repair or replacement costs, experience data loss or theft, and encounter lost guest confidence, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Interruptions in our supply chain or fulfillment network, increased commodity, supply chain and fulfillment costs, or changes in our relationships with our vendors could adversely affect our gross margins, expenses, and results of operations. We are dependent on our vendors to supply merchandise to our distribution centers, stores, and our guests in a timely and efficient manner. If our fulfillment network does not operate properly or if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks, delivery delays, or increased delivery costs that could lead to lost sales and decreased guest confidence. Our earnings are highly susceptible to the state of macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence in the United States. Deterioration in macroeconomic conditions or consumer confidence could negatively affect our business in many ways, including slowing sales growth or reduction in overall sales, and reducing gross margins. We are exposed to other claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business and use various methods to resolve these matters in a manner that we believe serves the best interest of our shareholders and other constituents. We believe the accruals recorded in our consolidated financial statements properly reflect loss exposures that are both probable and reasonably estimable.