We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our results of operations might suffer because of a general decline in customer demand resulting from uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets, natural events or domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. We are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. Any of these could result in an adverse effect on our operations and our financial results. We face supply chain and manufacturing risks. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected if our suppliers' operations were disrupted as a result of quality excursions, uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets, or natural events in the locations in which our suppliers operate. If our suppliers are unable to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity, we may be unable to obtain needed supplies. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. We depend on third parties to provide advanced logic manufacturing process technology development. Reliance on these suppliers involves risks, including possible shortages of capacity in periods of high demand and the possibility of suppliers' imposition of increased costs on us. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches of our information technology systems. Breaches of our information technology systems could compromise our information technology networks and could result in unauthorized release of our, our customers' or our suppliers' confidential or proprietary information, cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations, or cause us to incur increased information technology protection costs. Our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to develop and license new intellectual property. We actively enforce and protect our own intellectual property rights. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive, and if we fail to comply or if we become subject to enforcement activity, our ability to manufacture our products and operate our business could be restricted. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. We may not achieve or sustain the expected growth or cost savings benefits of business and organizational changes, and restructuring charges could differ materially in amount and timing from our expectations. Our results of operations could be affected by warranty claims, product recalls, product liability claims, or legal proceedings. Changes in expected demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.