The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider reimbursement models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. Our business activities are highly regulated, and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations could materially and adversely affect our business. The ongoing reductions to Medicare Advantage funding place continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends and remain dedicated to partnering with states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. Our ability to predict, price for, and effectively manage medical costs is critical to our operational flexibility and overall performance. We manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and care management programs. Our strategic initiatives include leveraging data and analytics to provide necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. We have established a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. Our relationships with government agencies are subject to the terms of contracts and laws regarding government contracts, which may limit our ability to pursue and perform certain types of work, thereby materially and adversely affecting our results of operations. The financial results we report include estimates of costs that have been incurred for which claims are still outstanding, and these estimates involve an extensive degree of judgment. If we fail to manage effectively our strategic alliances or complete, manage, or integrate acquisitions and other significant strategic transactions, it could materially and adversely affect our business. We must also obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products and services, and delays in obtaining necessary approvals could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. The health care industry is also regularly subject to negative publicity, which may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation. Our businesses operate in a highly competitive environment, and if we fail to compete effectively, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We are routinely subject to various litigation actions due to the nature of our business, which could damage our reputation and, if resolved unfavorably, could result in substantial penalties or monetary damages. Our ability to maintain satisfactory relationships with physicians, hospitals, and other service providers is critical to our success, and any failure to do so could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships, which is essential for our organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and operational challenges.