The transportation industry continues to consolidate and competition remains strong, which could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations. We face significant competition on a local, regional, national, and international basis, and if we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, our business could be adversely affected. Our operations are subject to complex and stringent regulation, and changes in laws and regulations may alter the landscape in which we do business and affect our costs. Increased security requirements could impose substantial costs and may reduce operating efficiencies. Severe weather or other natural or manmade disasters could adversely affect our business, resulting in decreased revenues or increased costs to operate, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from our international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business in international markets, including changing economic, political, and social developments beyond our control. Our broad portfolio of product offerings and the flexibilities inherent in our transportation network have helped us adapt to changing trends. We have continued to undertake several initiatives to improve the flexibility and capacity in our transportation network, improve yield management, and increase operational efficiency and contain costs across all segments. The continued deployment of technology improvements should increase our network capacity and improve operational efficiency, flexibility, and reliability. We monitor and manage our exposures to changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, and make use of derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in these rates on our financial position and results of operations. We have significant capital investments tied to projected volume levels, and if we do not accurately forecast our future capital investment needs, we could have excess capacity or insufficient capacity, negatively affecting our revenues and profitability. Our business is impacted by laws, regulations, and policies that affect global trade, including tariff and trade policies, export requirements, taxes, monetary policies, and other restrictions. We have made significant investments in technology and facilities to support both our existing business and anticipated growth, and we require significant quantities of fuel for our aircraft and delivery vehicles. Changing fuel and energy costs may have a significant impact on our operations, and we mitigate our exposure to changing fuel prices through indexed fuel surcharges and hedging transactions. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of our brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. Service quality issues could tarnish our brand image and may cause customers to use other companies. We rely on information technology networks and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and any disruptions could result in operational impacts. Our ability to maintain our brand image and corporate reputation is critical, and damage to our reputation could reduce demand for our services. We are exposed to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures, and any material litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures, or strategic alliances, and our financial results could be adversely affected by our failure to effectively integrate acquired operations. We have ongoing multi-employer pension plan obligations and may have additional exposure with respect to benefits earned in multiemployer plans. Changes in our relationships with significant customers could have an adverse impact on us, and we may face a permanent loss of customers if we are unable to provide uninterrupted service.