Our business, results of operations and financial condition are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. An economic slowdown or a decrease in general economic activity could have adverse effects on our revenues and operating results. Our significant indebtedness exposes us to various risks, increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments and limiting our flexibility to plan for or react to such developments. The inability to refinance our indebtedness could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ongoing results of operations. We depend on cash on hand and cash flows from operations to make scheduled debt payments, and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to repay our indebtedness when it becomes due and to meet our other cash needs. If we are unable to service our indebtedness and fund our operations, we will have to adopt an alternative strategy that may include reducing or delaying capital expenditures, limiting our growth, seeking additional capital, selling assets, or restructuring or refinancing our indebtedness. Our operational and cost reduction strategies may not generate the improvements and efficiencies we expect, as their success depends on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. We have been pursuing a strategy of optimizing our field operations in order to improve sales force effectiveness and to focus our sales force's efforts on increasing revenues from our national account and other large customers. The extent to which these strategies will achieve our desired efficiencies and goals is uncertain, and there may be unforeseen productivity, revenue or other consequences resulting from our strategies that may adversely affect us. Our growth strategies may be unsuccessful if we are unable to identify and complete future acquisitions and successfully integrate acquired businesses or assets. We have historically achieved a significant portion of our growth through acquisitions, and we will continue to consider potential acquisitions on a selective basis. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition opportunities in the future or that we will be able to consummate any such transactions on terms and conditions acceptable to us. Additionally, if we are unable to successfully integrate our acquisitions with our existing business, we may not obtain the advantages that the acquisitions were intended to create, which may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and our ability to introduce new services and products. We are subject to numerous environmental and safety regulations, and if we are required to incur compliance or remediation costs that are not currently anticipated, our liquidity and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. Our operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations governing environmental protection and occupational health and safety matters. Changes in applicable law, regulations or requirements, or our material failure to comply with any of them, can increase our costs and have other negative impacts on our business. Our ability to comply with covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and any material deviations from our forecasts could require us to seek waivers or amendments of covenants or alternative sources of financing, or to reduce expenditures. A breach of any of the covenants or restrictions contained in these agreements could result in an event of default, allowing our debt holders to accelerate repayment of the related debt. Our information technology systems facilitate our ability to monitor and control our operations and adjust to changing market conditions. Any disruptions in these systems or the failure of these systems to operate as expected could adversely affect our operating results. We may not anticipate or combat all types of attacks until after they have already been launched. If any of these breaches of security occur or are anticipated, we could be required to expend additional capital and other resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.