In an effort to keep our stockholders and the public informed about our business, we recognize that all aspects of our business are subject to uncertainties, risks, and other influences, many of which we do not control. The implementation of our business strategy will require effective management of our operational, financial, and human resources and will place significant demands on those resources. Our future financial performance and success are dependent in large part upon our ability to implement our business strategy successfully. We encounter intense competition from governmental, quasi-governmental, and private sources in all aspects of our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on us and could change whether any forward-looking statement ultimately turns out to be true. We may not be able to hire or retain the personnel necessary to manage our strategy effectively. Strategic decisions with respect to our asset portfolio may result in impairments to our assets. The loss of volumes as a result of price increases and our unwillingness to pursue lower margin volumes may negatively affect our cash flows or results of operations. Our ability to make strategic acquisitions depends on our ability to identify desirable acquisition targets, negotiate advantageous transactions despite competition for such opportunities, fund such acquisitions on favorable terms, and realize the benefits we expect from those transactions. We may not be able to maintain cost savings achieved through restructuring efforts. We recognize that we must grow the business and do so as efficiently and cost-effectively as possible. We believe we are uniquely equipped to meet the challenges of the changing waste industry and our customers' waste management needs, both today and as we work together to envision and create a more sustainable future. Our company and others have recognized the value of the traditional waste stream as a potential resource. We remain dedicated to providing long-term value to our stockholders by successfully executing our strategy: to know and service our customers better than anyone in our industry, to extract more value from the materials we manage, and to innovate and optimize our business. We plan to accomplish our strategic goals through competitive advantages derived from operational improvements and focused differentiation in our industry, driven by capitalizing on our extensive, well-placed network of assets. We are focusing on improving existing diversion technologies, such as our recycling operations, and we recognize that execution of our strategy through these key priorities will drive continued financial performance and leadership in a dynamic industry. Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations that may result in significant liabilities. We could be liable if our operations cause environmental damage to our properties or to the property of other landowners. We seek to minimize our exposure to such risks through comprehensive training, compliance, and response and recovery programs, as well as vehicle and equipment maintenance programs. We monitor the availability of permitted disposal capacity at each of our landfills and evaluate whether to pursue an expansion at a given landfill based on estimated future waste volumes and prices, remaining capacity, and likelihood of obtaining an expansion permit. We continually focus on improving the utilization of airspace through efforts that include recirculating landfill leachate where allowed by permit and optimizing the placement of daily cover materials. The seasonal nature of our business, severe weather events, and "one-time" special projects cause our results to fluctuate, and prior performance is not necessarily indicative of our future results.