In addition to the other information in this annual report, any of the factors described could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity, which could cause the trading price of our securities to decline. We face challenges related to global economic conditions, and the overall economic environment impacts our business. Growth in both the livestock and companion animal sectors is driven by overall economic development and related growth, particularly in many emerging markets. Our livestock business depends heavily on a healthy and growing livestock industry. If the public perceives a risk to human health from the consumption of food derived from animals that utilize our products, there may be a decline in the production of such food products and, in turn, demand for our products. We are pursuing strategic initiatives that management considers critical to our long-term success, including increasing sales in emerging markets, operational revenue growth through new product development and value-added product lifecycle innovation, and improving operational efficiency through manufacturing efficiency improvement and other programs. Our management team's focus on improving operational and cost efficiencies increases the likelihood of achieving our core growth strategies and enhancing long-term value for our shareholders. The animal health industry and demand for many of our animal health products in particular regions are affected by weather conditions, as usage of our products follows varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests. We may experience regional and seasonal fluctuations in our results of operations. The unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand increase the potential for capacity imbalances. We have launched a comprehensive operational efficiency program, which has focused on reducing complexity in our product portfolios, changing our selling approach in certain markets, and optimizing our resource allocation and efficiency. Our operational efficiency initiative involves employee termination costs and asset impairments, which may impact our organizational capabilities. We must also attract, retain, and motivate key employees who are critical to our business. Our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond our control. We regularly monitor our accounts receivable for collectability, particularly in markets where economic conditions remain uncertain. We believe that our allowance for doubtful accounts is appropriate. Our assessment is based on such factors as past due aging, historical and expected collection patterns, the financial condition of our customers, and the robust nature of our credit and collection practices. The potential transfer of increased antibacterial resistance in bacteria from food-producing animals to human pathogens continues to be the subject of global scientific and regulatory discussion, which may lead to government restrictions and bans on the use of specific antibacterials. We cannot predict whether these concerns will result in additional restrictions or bans, expanded regulations, or public pressure to discontinue or reduce the use of antibacterials in food-producing animals, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.