Despite competitive pressures resulting from exclusivity losses, changes in foreign currency rates and the expiration/transfer of certain licensing and royalty rights, our revenues increased by 4% in 2015 as a result of recently launched products such as our hepatitis C franchise and opdivo and continued sales growth in eliquis, and after adjusting for specified items, non-GAAP EPS increased from $1.85 to $2.01. We have transitioned to a specialty biopharmaceutical company, with a strategy designed to leverage both the reach and resources of a major pharmaceutical company as well as the entrepreneurial spirit and agility of a biotech firm. Our four strategic priorities are to drive business performance, maintain our leadership in immuno-oncology, maintain a diversified portfolio both within and outside of immuno-oncology, and continue our disciplined approach to capital allocation, with business development as a top priority. We continue to invest significantly in our deep pipeline of innovative medicines covering a broad array of cancers and have entered into several collaboration agreements to research and develop opdivo and other approved or investigational oncology agents in combination regimens. We are evolving our commercial model and growing our marketed product portfolio in a manner consistent with our overall strategy. In December 2015, we announced the divestiture of our pipeline of investigational human immunodeficiency virus medicines to ViiV Healthcare to allow us to focus on therapeutic areas which are a priority and will drive the greatest long-term value to us. Looking ahead, we will continue to implement our biopharma strategy by driving the growth of key brands, executing new product launches, investing in our diverse and innovative pipeline, focusing on prioritized markets, increasing investments in our biologics manufacturing capabilities and maintaining a culture of continuous improvement. Acquisition and licensing transactions allow us to focus our resources behind our growth opportunities that drive the greatest long-term value. Management continuously evaluates the company’s capital structure to ensure the company is financed efficiently and we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities together with cash generated from operations and issuance of commercial paper in the U.S. will be sufficient to satisfy our normal cash requirements for at least the next few years. We maintain inventory management agreements with our U.S. pharmaceutical wholesalers, under which our wholesaler customers provide us with weekly information with respect to months on hand product-level inventories and the amount of out-movement. Compliance with our inventory management policy is monitored on a regular basis. Following an SEC civil settlement and FCPA inquiry, the company agreed to a two-year self-monitoring period of reporting to the government and is maintaining procedures to ensure compliance.