One of our most important risk management disciplines is our ability to manage the size and composition of our balance sheet, underpinned by a conservative set of liquidity and funding policies. Our principal objective is to be able to fund the firm and to enable our core businesses to continue to serve clients and generate revenues, even under adverse circumstances. We maintain liquidity to meet a broad range of potential cash outflows and collateral needs in a stressed environment and pre-fund our estimated potential cash and collateral needs during a liquidity crisis by holding liquidity in the form of unencumbered, highly liquid securities and cash. We maintain broad and diversified funding sources globally across products, programs, markets, currencies and creditors to avoid funding concentrations. We have processes in place to dynamically manage our assets and liabilities which include quarterly planning, business-specific limits, monitoring of key metrics and scenario analyses. We maintain a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a perceived or actual capital deficiency, including identification of risk drivers, mitigants and potential actions. Our capital planning process incorporates an internal capital adequacy assessment with the objective of ensuring that we are appropriately capitalized relative to the risks in our business and includes comprehensive stress testing under baseline, adverse and severely adverse scenarios. Independent control and support functions, including credit risk management, market risk management, liquidity risk management, operational risk management and model risk management, conduct ongoing quantitative and qualitative assessments, review exposures, validate models and enforce risk limits. Operational risk management is an independent risk management function responsible for control and oversight of the firm’s operational risk management framework, including stress testing and limit governance, and we maintain a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. Model risk management, consisting of quantitative professionals separate from model developers, performs an independent model review and validation process of our valuation models. The global business resilience committee is responsible for oversight of business resilience initiatives, promoting increased levels of security and resilience. Internal audit assesses key controls within the risk management framework, reinforcing a culture of escalation, accountability and continuous improvement. We report statements about the objectives and effectiveness of our business continuity plan, information security program, risk management and liquidity policies, supporting the organization’s ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning under challenging conditions.