While the global nature of our business helps protect our operating results from adverse economic conditions in a single or a few countries, the significant concentration of our revenue generated in the United States makes our business particularly susceptible to adverse economic conditions in the United States. Mastercard continues to monitor political and economic conditions around the world to identify opportunities for the continued growth of our business and to evaluate the evolution of the global payments industry. Information security risks for global payments and technology companies such as Mastercard have significantly increased in recent years; although to date we have not experienced any material impacts relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer such losses in the future. The company attempts to manage these foreign currency exposures through its foreign exchange risk management activities. In conjunction with the commercial paper program, the company entered into a committed unsecured $3.75 billion revolving credit facility in October 2015, which expires in 2020, and under which borrowings are to provide liquidity for general corporate purposes, including providing liquidity in the event of one or more settlement failures by the company’s customers. The company guarantees the settlement of many Mastercard, Cirrus and Maestro-branded transactions between our issuers and acquirers; historically, payments under these guarantees have not been significant, but the risk of loss may be driven significantly by regional or global economic conditions, including the health of financial institutions in a country or region. The company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities balances, its cash-flow-generating capabilities, its borrowing capacity and its access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy its future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations and potential obligations. We acquired two businesses for $609 million, which focus on expanding our footprint and enhancing critical capabilities, including in the area of data analytics. Excluding the impact of special items, adjusted operating expenses in 2015 increased 3%, primarily due to higher general and administrative expenses as a result of acquisitions and higher data processing costs, partially offset by improved cost control initiatives and the favorable impact of foreign currency translation and transaction gains. In revenue recognition, the company estimates customer performance to recognize domestic assessment revenue and to record related rebates and incentives, adjusting these estimates in subsequent periods to reflect actual performance. The company regularly reviews the status of significant claims and legal proceedings, and if the potential loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, accrues a liability for the estimated loss, reassessing and revising estimates as new information becomes available. In calculating its effective tax rate, management makes estimates regarding the timing and amount of taxable and deductible items, records valuation allowances for deferred tax assets more likely than not to be realized and recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions, adjusting allowances and liabilities upon resolution of tax examinations. The valuation of assets acquired in business combinations and asset impairment reviews requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including quantitative and qualitative assessments of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, with impairment charges recorded if carrying values exceed implied fair values. These risk management, strategic investment, liquidity and financial reporting practices together enable the company to absorb economic perturbations, adapt resource deployment, preserve integrity and maintain or improve functioning under challenging conditions.