Our strategy includes making our supply chain a competitive advantage by investing in new technologies that increase automation, help reduce waste and have long-term potential to increase both customization of our products and speed to market; reducing product costs through a continued focus on manufacturing efficiency, product design and innovation; improving working capital efficiency; and deploying capital effectively. Despite significant foreign currency headwinds, we delivered record revenues and earnings per share in fiscal 2015, demonstrating our ability to absorb external variations and preserve performance. Higher air freight costs were incurred to mitigate the negative impacts from product delays due to the west coast port congestion in the United States, reflecting operational flexibility under disruption. While foreign currency markets remain volatile, we continue to see opportunities to drive future growth and remain committed to effectively managing our business to achieve our financial goals, managing global foreign exchange risk centrally on a portfolio basis to address material exposures and hedging a portion of remaining exposures using derivative instruments. Transactional exposures are managed by taking advantage of natural offsets and currency correlations, and translational exposures are mitigated through hedges of U.S. dollar-denominated available-for-sale investments and net investments in foreign subsidiaries. Investments in infrastructure to support current and future growth, including expansion of our direct to consumer operations, store openings and digital capabilities, reflect our forward-looking resource allocation and adaptive strategies. Strong operating cash flow, coupled with receipt of cash collateral from hedging counterparties and disciplined inventory reserves, underpins our working capital efficiency, while a committed credit facility, commercial paper program and available cash and investments provide continuity of funding. In addition, we engage in tax planning and financing strategies to balance repatriation and indefinite reinvestment of foreign earnings based on future cash needs and tax considerations. Critical accounting policies, including reviews for asset recoverability, annual impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles, fair value measurements using observable inputs and recognition of contingent liabilities and valuation allowances when losses are probable and estimable, ensure our financial resilience and system integrity under adverse conditions.