In 2015, we continued to focus on investments in targeted financial assets, divesting selected non-core assets, reducing our real estate footprint and increasing shareholder return, using proceeds from dispositions to make selective acquisitions, investments, share repurchases and for general corporate purposes. We committed to and initiated an active program to sell J.D. Power, classifying its assets and liabilities as held for sale, without a major effect on operations or financial results. We maintained a strong financial position, with cash flows from operations and availability under our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility sufficient to fund ongoing investments, strategic acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends, debt repayments, capital expenditures and infrastructure needs. Cost containment efforts, including identified operating efficiencies and restructuring actions, and the management and mitigation of legal and regulatory settlements, partially offset higher costs and preserved operating profit. Our strategic priorities—executing growth initiatives, strengthening core capabilities, collaborating across businesses, delivering operational excellence, and managing and mitigating risk—guide resource allocation, reinforce operational flexibility and enhance accountability. We invest in technology and digital capabilities to integrate our brands into customer workflows, create a foundation for new products and diversify offerings across markets and geographies. We continually adapt to evolving legislation and regulations—such as the Dodd-Frank Act, European CRA frameworks and IOSCO benchmark principles—by aligning governance, enhancing transparency, implementing internal controls and seeking registrations and authorizations to mitigate legal and operational risks. We regularly test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, analyze long-lived assets for recoverability, monitor allowance for doubtful accounts, estimate contingencies and pension obligations, and maintain contractual commitments to support system integrity and performance under varying market conditions. These measures reflect our ongoing ability to absorb strain, reconfigure resources and preserve or improve functioning despite external pressures and operational challenges.