Abbott depends on sophisticated information systems and maintains protected personal data, and a significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption affecting these information systems or protected data could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's business, financial condition, and results of operations. The size and complexity of the information systems on which Abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products make them susceptible to a cybersecurity incident, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Abbott invests in its information systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of a cybersecurity incident or other significant disruption, and monitors its information systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential cybersecurity threats or vulnerabilities and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies. Abbott commits substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development, with a risk of failure inherent in the research and development of new products and technologies. Abbott's ability to manage its large and complex global supply chain is critical, and disruptions to it could negatively affect Abbott's results of operations. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic and macroeconomic conditions such as inflationary pressures and labor shortages contributed to global supply chain challenges over the last few years, which adversely impacted the cost and availability of certain raw materials, supplies, and services. Abbott's operations and performance depend on its ability to manage its large and complex global supply chain. Abbott's business strategy includes pursuing acquisitions, licensing arrangements, and strategic alliances, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect profitability. Abbott's ability to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business or transition disposed businesses efficiently could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. Abbott's credit ratings reflect each credit rating agency's opinion of Abbott's financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet its debt obligations. Adverse changes in Abbott's credit ratings may result in increased borrowing costs for future long-term debt or short-term borrowing facilities and may limit financing options, including access to the unsecured borrowing market. Abbott's products are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and numerous international, supranational, federal, and state authorities. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug, medical device, diagnostic product, or nutritional product can be costly and time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. Abbott's ability to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful, is uncertain. Abbott's operations are subject to risks associated with managing a global supply chain and doing business internationally, including differing local product preferences and product requirements, trade protection measures, and geopolitical and economic instability. Abbott's research and development programs focus on developing next-generation technologies, including advanced communication capabilities and leadless pacing therapies, and enhancements to Abbott's mechanical circulatory support and pulmonary artery pressure systems. Abbott's focus will include driving sales growth from its Alinity suite of diagnostics instruments and its portfolio of rapid diagnostic testing systems, and expanding its market position across various businesses.