Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, design, develop, produce and market new products, and identify and enter new markets. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings. The markets for semiconductor products are cyclical, and increased production may lead to overcapacity and lower prices, and conversely, we may not be able to satisfy unexpected demand for our products. We rely on third parties for supply of raw materials and parts, semiconductor wafer foundry services, assembly and test services and transportation, among other things, and we generally cannot control their availability or conditions of supply or services. Our reliance on information technology systems throughout our company is critical for keeping financial records and customer data, processing orders, managing inventory, coordinating shipments to customers, maintaining confidential and proprietary information, assisting in semiconductor engineering and other technical activities, and operating other critical functions such as internet connectivity, network communications, and email. We invest significant resources in the testing of our products; however, if any of our products contain security vulnerabilities, defects, bugs or errors, we may be required to incur additional development and remediation costs pursuant to warranty and indemnification provisions in our customer contracts and purchase orders. Our industry faces challenges associated with products diverted from authorized distribution channels, which could result in reputational harm and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may also be subject to customer intellectual property indemnity claims. Our customers have on occasion been sued, and may be sued in the future, by third parties alleging infringement of intellectual property rights, or damages resulting from use of our products. We may not be able to adequately protect our proprietary intellectual property rights, which may limit our ability to compete effectively. Our security measures or those of our third-party service providers or strategic partners may not detect or prevent security breaches, cyberattacks, defects, bugs or errors. We are subject to various laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, and our product offerings in the digital healthcare solutions space, which include the collection and processing of sensitive personal information, subject us to heightened requirements under data privacy laws. Our ability to generate new design opportunities and win competitive bid selection processes is critical to our strategy. We may not be able to find businesses that have the technology or resources we need and, if we find such businesses, we may not be able to invest in, purchase or license the technology or resources on commercially favorable terms or at all. The ongoing integration process of acquired businesses could result in the loss of customers, disruption of ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, unexpected integration issues, and higher than expected integration costs. We may not be able to compete successfully in markets within the semiconductor industry in the future. Our future revenue, gross margins, operating results, net income, and earnings per share are difficult to predict and may be materially affected by a number of factors, including changes in customer demand or order patterns for our products or for end products that incorporate our products.