The industries we serve can be volatile and difficult to predict, with factors impacting demand for our products and services including technology inflections and advances in fabrication processes, new and emerging technologies, and market drivers. To meet rapidly changing demand, we must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage our resources, investments, production capacity, supply chain, workforce, inventory, and other components of our business. We may incur unexpected or additional costs to align our business operations with changes in demand. Uncertain or adverse economic and business conditions could materially and adversely impact our operating results. The semiconductor and display markets depend largely on business and consumer spending and demand for electronic products. Sudden increases in demand for electronic products may cause a shortage of parts and materials needed to manufacture our products, adversely impacting our ability to meet customer demand and affecting our revenues, operating results, and financial condition. Accelerated digital transformation may further increase demand and exacerbate shortages, straining our manufacturing capacity. Cybersecurity incidents affecting our suppliers could impact our supply chain and may also cause difficulties and delays in obtaining parts, materials, and services needed to manufacture our products. We collect, use, transmit, store, and otherwise process data using information technology systems, which include confidential information and intellectual property. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, cybersecurity incidents ranging from employee error to sophisticated attacks. Our efforts to comply with privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity laws could result in significant expense, and any actual or alleged failure to comply could result in inquiries, investigations, and other proceedings against us. We periodically implement new or enhanced enterprise resource planning and related information systems to better manage our business operations, align our global organizations, and enable future growth. If we do not successfully implement these systems or if there are delays or difficulties, we may not realize anticipated productivity improvements or cost efficiencies, resulting in quality issues and reputational harm. Our strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections and expanding our served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries. Our significant investments in research, development, and engineering must enable us to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans. The development, introduction, and support of products in a competitive environment require collaboration with customers and other industry participants, which has grown more complex and expensive over time. We must identify and address technology inflections, market changes, competitor innovations, and customer requirements in a timely and effective manner. Our ability to successfully expand into new and related markets may be adversely affected by the need to develop new sales and technical marketing strategies and to build relationships with new customers. Our success depends on the protection of our technology using patents, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights. Infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property could result in lost market and revenue opportunities.