A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include the ability and willingness of wireless and cloud service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure, technological changes, and increased mergers or consolidations that reduce the number of communications service providers. Our growth projections are based on future revenue from a small number of customers, and such projections could be adversely impacted by adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our customers. The current inflationary and high-interest rate environment could materially and adversely affect our customers through disruptions of their ability to procure equipment, maintain liquidity, and deploy network capital. Significant consolidation among our customers could reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and may materially and adversely affect our growth and revenues. Our industries are highly competitive, and our customers have numerous alternatives in leasing communications infrastructure assets. Competition due to pricing or alternative contractual arrangements from peers could materially and adversely affect our lease rates. We may not be able to renew existing customer leases or enter into new customer leases, or if we are able to renew or enter into new leases, they may be at rates lower than our current rates or on less favorable terms than our current terms. Our expansion initiatives involve risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, which could adversely affect our operating results and expose us to additional risk. Achieving the benefits of acquisition and platform expansion initiatives depends in part on timely and efficient integration of operations, telecommunications infrastructure assets, and personnel. Integration may be difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including differing systems and cultural differences. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our data centers and ensure our data centers remain operational at all times. Problems at our data centers could result in service interruptions or significant infrastructure damage, which could impair our ability to obtain and retain customers. Our customers may experience difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems and offerings. If these providers fail to provide the required services, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. We are continuously evaluating and enhancing our cybersecurity and information security systems; however, there can be no assurance that these measures are effective in preventing or limiting the impact of future cybersecurity incidents. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends on maintaining recurring revenue and converting it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs. The key factors affecting our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities include the demand for our communications infrastructure and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications infrastructure. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of customers, and a failure by a significant customer to perform its contractual obligations could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity.