Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of orders from large customers primarily due to the time it takes these customers to evaluate, test, qualify, and accept our products, the overall complexity of these large orders, and changes in demand patterns specific to these customers. The networking market is rapidly evolving, and failure to successfully carry out new products and service offerings and expand into adjacent markets could adversely impact our business. An increased focus on the deployment of AI-enabled solutions by these customers has accelerated the need for advanced technology offerings, including some from potential new market entrants. This prioritization of AI-related infrastructure investment has come in conjunction with various cost reduction measures by these customers, including optimization and increased efficiency in non-AI-related capital expenditures. The variability in customer concentration has been linked to the timing of new product deployments and spending cycles, and we expect continued variability in customer concentration and timing of sales on a quarterly and annual basis. Our cloud networking platforms are well positioned to address the growing cloud networking market and to meet increasing performance requirements driven by the growing number of connected devices. The markets for cloud networking solutions are highly competitive and characterized by rapidly changing technology, changing end-customer needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for cloud networking expands and existing competitors and new market entrants introduce new products or enhance existing products. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment. We must also continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers, and increase sales in the enterprise data center switching and campus workspace markets. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. We have made substantial investments to develop new products and services and enhancements to existing products through our acquisitions and internal research and development efforts to expand our product offerings and maintain our revenue growth. Our products must interoperate with operating systems, software applications, and hardware developed by others, and if we are unable to devote the necessary resources to ensure that our products interoperate with such software and hardware, we may lose or fail to increase market share and experience a weakening demand for our products. We rely on the availability of licenses to third-party software and other intellectual property, and the inability to obtain or maintain certain licenses or rights could result in delays in releases of products and services and could otherwise disrupt our business. We increasingly depend upon our IT systems to conduct virtually all of our business operations, ranging from our internal operations and product development activities to our marketing and sales efforts and communications with our customers and business partners. Breaches of our cybersecurity systems or other security breaches could degrade our ability to conduct our business operations and deliver products and services to our customers, cause vulnerabilities in our products and services, and subject us to regulatory enforcement actions and fines. We must continue to enhance our existing products and develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends, evolving industry standards, and changing end-customer needs.