The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service, and delivery time. Rapid technological changes could lead to the entry of new competitors against whom the company may not be able to successfully compete. The company is exposed to political, economic, military, and other risks related to operating in countries outside the United States, which may adversely impact its business and operating results. The company's products are used in a wide variety of applications by a broad array of customers around the world, including information technology and communication devices and systems for the converging technologies of voice, video, and data communications. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage, as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers, while offering a level of resiliency and diversification against local risks and challenges that may emerge in any single geography. The company has focused its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company relies on its information technology systems for critical operations and faces numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats that could disrupt business operations or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential or personal information. Cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the disruption of business operations and/or misappropriation, destruction, or corruption of critical data and confidential information. The company maintains significant amounts of data electronically in locations around the world, which relates to all aspects of its business, including financial information and current and future products under development. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. The company must comply with complex U.S. governmental export and import controls as well as economic sanctions and trade embargoes, which may restrict its ability to transact or deal with certain persons, countries, regions, and governments. The company has experienced difficulties and unanticipated expenses in connection with purchasing and integrating newly acquired businesses, which may not always perform and deliver the financial benefits expected. The company has completed numerous acquisitions, and the integration of these acquisitions has presented challenges, including managing operations and technology, maintaining and increasing the customer base, and retaining key employees. The company’s strategy is to provide customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of quality and service on a worldwide basis, while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad market diversification, developing high-technology performance-enhancing solutions, controlling costs, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.