Our business depends on a wide variety of complex IT systems and services, including cloud-based and other critical corporate services relating to product research and development, financial reporting, product orders and fulfillment, HR, benefit plan administration, IT network management, and electronic communication and collaboration services. These systems and services are both internally managed and outsourced, and we rely upon third-party data centers. Any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. An impairment of the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our IT systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our IT infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant disruptive effect. We are also subject to increasing scrutiny from U.S. and foreign regulators, as well as customers and service providers, regarding cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. Compliance with laws, regulations, and contractual provisions concerning privacy, cybersecurity, secure technology development, data governance, data protection, confidentiality, and intellectual property could result in significant expense, and any failure to comply could result in proceedings against us by regulatory authorities or other third parties. Our software products are intended to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments, and as a result, we expect these products to be ongoing targets of cyber-attacks. The complexity and breadth of our technical and production environments increase the risk that errors, defects, or vulnerabilities will be introduced. Cyber-attacks are increasing in number and sophistication, which may expose us to risks of information loss, business disruption, and misappropriation of proprietary and confidential information. Our business strategy includes acquiring or investing in businesses that offer complementary products, services, and technologies, or enhance our market coverage or technological capabilities. The successful integration of acquired businesses, such as VMware, will require significant management attention and may divert the attention of management from our business and operational issues. We expect significant investments will be required to develop or acquire solutions to address technological, operational, and compliance challenges. Our growth strategy includes substantial investments in research and development to ensure our products retain their technology leadership. The semiconductor industry is characterized by rapid technological change, evolving technical standards, frequent new product introductions, and short product life cycles. Our ability to maintain or improve gross margin is dependent on various factors, including our product mix, price erosion, and the level of capacity utilization. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of our products to distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility, and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. Our ability to fund our liquidity requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and are subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business, and other factors.