The uninterrupted operation of our information systems is critical to our success, and a significant disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We define information technology risk as the risk that events or circumstances could compromise the processing, stability, capacity, performance, or resilience of information technology and cause financial, reputational, and/or regulatory impacts. Our technology risk and information security program is designed to ensure the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information and information systems. We continue to assess the risks and changes in the cyber environment, invest in enhancements to our cybersecurity capabilities, and engage in industry and government forums to promote advancements in our cybersecurity capabilities as well as the broader financial services cybersecurity ecosystem. We manage information technology risk through our policies, procedures, governance structure, and control framework to preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems and processes across our company. The operational risk management process considers operational risk to be the risk of loss due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems, or impacts from the external environment, including failures to comply with laws and regulations as well as impacts from relationships with third parties. Our operational risk framework is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the enterprise risk management committee. We use the operational risk framework to identify, measure, monitor, and report inherent and emerging operational risks. The framework includes programs established for risk management activities related to processes and the launch of new products and services. We have implemented a comprehensive enterprise risk management program to identify, aggregate, monitor, measure, report, and manage risks. The program also defines our risk appetite, governance, culture, and capabilities. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have invested significantly in technology across all areas of our business, including in transaction processing, data management and analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence, customer interactions and communications, open banking, and alternative payment and financing mechanisms. We expect that new technologies in the payments industry will continue to emerge, and these new technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, our existing technology. The process of developing new products and services, enhancing existing products and services, and adapting to technological changes and evolving industry standards is complex, costly, and uncertain. We may underestimate the resources needed and overestimate our ability to develop new products and services, particularly beyond our traditional card products and travel-related services. Our ability to adopt new technologies may be inhibited by the emergence of industry-wide standards, a changing legislative and regulatory environment, an inability to develop appropriate governance and controls, and the complexity of our systems. We rely on third-party providers for acquiring and servicing customers, technology, platforms, and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. These third parties may act in ways that could materially harm our business. The increasing reliance on third-party digital services and technology innovation within the payments industry increases the complexity of our operations and governance challenges. We have experienced disruptions or other events at our third parties or our third parties' service providers, including their failure to fulfill their obligations and the information, cybersecurity, and operational incidents described above.