We rely extensively on information technology systems and networks to operate our company and meet our business objectives. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of highly skilled labor, raw materials, and other components. We face various cybersecurity threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems and networks, denial-of-service attacks, threats to our information technology infrastructure, ransomware and phishing attacks, and attempts to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information. As cyber threats increase in volume and sophistication, the risk to the security of these systems and networks continues to evolve, requiring constant vigilance and concerted, company-wide risk management efforts. A cyber-related attack or security breach could result in loss of intellectual property, unauthorized access to sensitive data, disruption of business operations, and reputational harm. To address these risks, we maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems, and management oversight. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain, which has been impacted by global supply chain constraints and labor instability, reducing overall productivity and adversely impacting our financial position. The introduction of new aircraft programs involves risks associated with meeting development, testing, certification, and production schedules, which are technologically challenging. Our commercial airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production system, ensure every airplane conforms to specifications, achieve planned production rate targets, and meet stringent performance and reliability standards. We continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs and optimizing inventory management. The long-term nature of many of our contracts makes the process of estimating costs and revenues inherently risky, particularly in the context of fixed-price contracts. We conduct a significant portion of our business pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which are subject to unique risks and extensive procurement regulations. Changes to these regulations could increase our costs and impact our operating margins. Our business environment is characterized by intense competition, and we face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing market share. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from non-U.S. sales and are subject to the risks of doing business in other countries, including changes in regulatory requirements and the global trade environment. We continue to monitor the global trade environment in response to geopolitical economic developments, as well as changes in tariffs and trade agreements that may impact the company. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable, but the U.S. government services market is subject to spending limits and uncertainty, which could restrict the execution of certain program activities. We expect to be able to fund our cash requirements through cash and short-term investments and cash provided by operations, as well as continued access to capital markets. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, leveraging our resources to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets.