The corporation's operations and information systems, which comprise the hardware, software, infrastructure, backup systems, and other technology, are integral to the performance of its businesses. The corporation continues to have greater reliance on its and its third parties' remote access tools and technology, as well as increased data utilization and dependence upon information systems to operate businesses remotely. Effective management of business continuity increasingly depends on the security, reliability, and adequacy of such systems. The corporation's global information security program is supported by three lines of defense, which include defining policies and procedures designed to safeguard the corporation's information systems and the information those systems collect, process, maintain, use, share, disseminate, and dispose of. The corporation's cybersecurity risk and exposure remains heightened due to its prominent size and scale, high-profile brand, geographic footprint, and role in the financial services industry. The corporation's processes related to cybersecurity risk are integrated with the overall risk program, including the risk framework. The corporation has established security requirements applicable to third-party service providers, and cybersecurity diligence is conducted to assess the alignment of third-party service providers' cybersecurity programs with the corporation's cybersecurity requirements. The corporation's risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss, with a focus on effectively identifying, measuring, monitoring, reporting, and controlling key types of risk, including strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational, and reputational risks. The corporation's strategic plan is consistent with its risk appetite, capital plan, and liquidity requirements, and specifically addresses strategic risks impacting each business. The corporation's risk appetite indicates the amount of capital, earnings, or liquidity it is willing to put at risk to achieve its strategic objectives and business plans. The corporation utilizes various risk mitigation techniques, including the use of credit derivatives to cover the funded portion and unfunded portion of certain credit exposures. The corporation's credit risk management practices include the use of statistical models to assist in making credit decisions and portfolio management strategies, which are continuously monitored to ensure adherence to risk appetite limits. The corporation's technology resources are leveraged to enhance operational efficiency and support business innovation. The corporation's ability to manage and process data accurately and timely is critical for managing current and emerging risks, producing accurate financial and non-financial reporting, and detecting potential misconduct or non-compliance with laws and regulations. The corporation's approach to managing climate risk is consistent with its risk management governance structure, which includes oversight by the board and its committees. The corporation's climate risk management efforts are overseen by an officer who reports to the chief risk officer, and the corporation has developed a climate risk framework to enhance existing risk management processes. The corporation's investments in technology and strategic hiring are aimed at improving the quality and delivery of its services, which are essential for maintaining a competitive advantage in the financial services industry.