BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of assets under management (AUM) and, in some cases, performance fees which are normally expressed as a percentage of returns to the client. The investment management industry is highly competitive, and BlackRock competes based on a number of factors including investment performance, liquidity, its technology and portfolio construction offerings, the level of fees charged, the quality and breadth of services and products provided, name recognition and reputation, and its ability to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the changing needs of investors. The sophisticated risk analytics, portfolio management, trade execution, and investment operations that BlackRock provides via its technology platform to support investment advisory and Aladdin clients are important elements of BlackRock's competitive success. Aladdin's competitive position is based in part on its ability to combine risk analytics with portfolio management, trading, and operations tools on a single platform. BlackRock's financial performance depends, in part, on its ability to react to changes in the asset management industry, respond to evolving client demands, and develop, market, and manage new investment products and services. The development and introduction of new products and services, including the creation of increasingly customizable products, requires continued innovative effort on the part of BlackRock and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. BlackRock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients and operate efficiently. The company believes that the organizational architecture changes that include embedding the ETF and index business across the entire firm will accelerate the growth of ETFs and other investment strategies at BlackRock. BlackRock views ETFs as a technology that facilitates investing, and ETFs have become core to asset management. The company also believes that the planned combination of Global Infrastructure Partners with BlackRock's complementary infrastructure offerings will create a broad global infrastructure franchise with differentiated origination and asset management capabilities. BlackRock's strategy is focused on creating outcome-oriented client solutions for both retail investors and institutions, including having a diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, index, and alternative products, as well as enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. BlackRock is empowering clients with data and opening Aladdin by creating connectivity with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions, which include asset servicers, cloud providers, digital asset platforms, trading systems, and others. Investments in Aladdin AI copilots, enhancements in openness supporting ecosystem partnerships, and advancing whole portfolio solutions including private markets and digital assets are expected to further augment the value of using Aladdin. BlackRock's ability to maintain Aladdin's competitive position in a dynamic market could lead to a loss of clients and could impede BlackRock's productivity and growth. The company is also subject to risks associated with its proposed acquisition of Global Infrastructure Partners, including the risk that a condition to closing may not be satisfied or waived, the possibility of failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, or the possibility that the acquisition does not close in the anticipated timeframe or at all.