We rely extensively on information technology systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools, physical security systems, and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided by and/or used for third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. We face risks of incidents, whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions through the cloud, the internet, phishing attempts, ransomware, and other forms of malware, computer viruses, email attachments, extortion, and other scams. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information technology systems, these systems and the proprietary, confidential, and personal information that resides on or is transmitted through them are subject to the risk of a cybersecurity incident or disruption. Cybersecurity risks continue to develop, including as a result of threat actors increasingly targeting employees and supply chains and geopolitical tensions leading to an increase in sabotage, espionage, and cyber attacks. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or leak or theft of proprietary, confidential, or personal information could negatively impact operations. We have faced, and will continue to face, risks of incidents that could adversely affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. We are working towards expanding our pipeline of registrational assets and have a broad portfolio and pipeline when it comes to autologous car-t cell therapies. We have two approved cell therapies against two distinct targets and are continuing to build our leadership in this space. Our commercial model has been successful with revenues from our in-line brands and new product portfolio continuing to grow, demonstrating strong execution of our strategy. We remain focused and well-resourced in our cancer development programs and seek to broaden the use of our products in earlier lines of therapy, expand into new tumors, and accelerate next wave oncology mechanisms. We are also strengthening our neuroscience portfolio with planned acquisitions and continue to explore new indications with our existing therapies. Our ability to source raw materials and supplies used to manufacture our car-t cell therapies and to develop consistent and reliable manufacturing processes and distribution networks with an attractive cost of goods could impact future anticipated revenue and gross profit for our car-t cell therapies. We are committed to an aggregate of potential contingent future research and development milestone payments to third parties for in-licensing, asset acquisitions, and development programs. Our strategy extends beyond the discovery, development, and delivery of transformative medicines, as we understand that the future of our employees, communities, planet, and business are inextricably linked. We seek to mobilize our capabilities and resources to positively impact the communities where we live, work, and serve around the world. Our focus is on discovering, developing, and delivering transformational medicines for patients facing serious diseases, and we operate with effective governance, uncompromising quality and compliance, and the highest ethical standards to deliver our mission.