We rely on technology in virtually all aspects of our business. Certain of our information systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, phishing efforts, denial-of-service attacks, and other cyber-attacks. A significant disruption or failure of our technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security events, regulatory compliance failures, an inability to protect information and assets against unauthorized users, and other operational difficulties. Cyber-attacks could further adversely affect our ability to operate facilities, information technology, and business systems or compromise confidential customer and employee information. If we are unable to acquire, develop, implement, adopt, or protect rights around new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and/or liquidity. Our operating businesses face intense competition within markets in which they operate. While we manage our businesses with the objective of achieving long-term sustainable growth by developing and strengthening competitive advantages, many factors, including technological changes, may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. Accordingly, our future operating results will depend to some degree on our operating units successfully protecting and enhancing their competitive advantages. Our decentralized business model necessitates qualified and competent management to direct day-to-day business activities of our operating subsidiaries and to manage changes in future business operations due to changing business or regulatory environments. Our inability to recruit, train, and retain qualified and competent managers and personnel could negatively affect the operating results, financial condition, and/or liquidity of our subsidiaries and Berkshire as a whole. We believe that the board's succession plan, together with the outstanding managers running our numerous and highly diversified operating units, helps to mitigate this risk. We have taken steps intended to mitigate cybersecurity risks, including business continuity planning, disaster recovery planning, and business impact analysis. A significant disruption or cyber intrusion at one or more of our significant operations could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and/or liquidity. Our utilities and energy businesses require significant amounts of capital to construct, operate, and maintain generation, transmission, and distribution systems to meet their customers' needs and reliability criteria. The operational or financial failure of capital projects may not be recoverable through rates charged to customers. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains and losses. We consider investment income as an integral component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating. We believe that such gains and losses are not meaningful in understanding the periodic operating results of our insurance businesses.