Our operations are highly dependent on our technology platforms and we rely heavily on our analytical, financial, accounting, communications and other data processing systems. Cybersecurity and data protection risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs and financial losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Cyberattacks and other data security threats could originate from a wide variety of external sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. The costs related to cyber or other data security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Our technology platforms, data and intellectual property are also subject to a heightened risk of theft or compromise to the extent we or our funds' portfolio companies engage in operations outside the United States, particularly in jurisdictions that do not have comparable levels of protection of proprietary information and assets such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and customer information and records. Technological developments in artificial intelligence could disrupt the markets in which we operate and subject us to increased competition, legal and regulatory risks and compliance costs. We intend to seek to avail ourselves of the potential benefits, insights and efficiencies that are available through the use of AI technologies, which presents a number of potential risks that cannot be fully mitigated. Our systems face ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks, which could result in the loss of confidentiality, integrity or availability of such systems and the data held by such systems. The effectiveness of investment and trading strategies depends largely on the ability to establish and maintain an overall market position in a combination of financial instruments. Our risk management process may not accurately anticipate the impact of market stress or counterparty financial condition, and as a result, we may not have taken sufficient action to reduce our risks effectively. The use of leverage poses a significant degree of risk and enhances the possibility of a significant loss in the value of the investment portfolio. Our business model derives revenue primarily from third-party assets under management. We are reliant on other third-party service providers for certain technology platforms that facilitate the continued operation of our business, including cloud-based services. We may not be able to adapt our information systems and technology to accommodate our growth, or the cost of maintaining such systems may increase materially from its current level, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Our ability to generate profits from revenues that are measured and received on a recurring basis and not subject to future realization events is assessed through fee-related earnings. We believe that including the amount payable under the tax receivable agreement and utilizing the current income tax provision adjusted as described above when calculating distributable earnings is meaningful as it increases comparability between periods and more accurately reflects earnings that are available for distribution to stockholders. Our funds may invest in strategic assets having a national or regional profile or in infrastructure, the nature of which could expose them to a greater risk of being subject to a terrorist attack or a security breach than other assets or businesses. We have also entered into a $4.325 billion revolving credit facility with a final maturity date of December 15, 2028. Our technology infrastructure is critical to our operations, and we face risks related to the reliance on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business. The significant voting power of holders of our series preferred stock may limit the ability of holders of our common stock to influence our business, which could impact our strategic decisions and operational capabilities.