Citi's expenses increased 10% versus the prior year, driven by increased investments in other risk and controls and technology, elevated business-as-usual severance costs, and additional transformation and business-led investments. The increase in expenses was partially offset by productivity savings and expense reductions from exited markets and continued wind-downs. Citi's operating expenses included charges associated with the FDIC special assessment and restructuring charges related to organizational simplification initiatives. The increase in revenues reflected strength across services and U.S. personal banking, partially offset by declines in markets, banking, and wealth, as well as revenue reductions from exited markets and continued wind-downs. Citi's total provisions for credit losses and for benefits and claims was a cost of $9.2 billion, compared to $5.2 billion in the prior year, primarily driven by higher net credit losses in branded cards and retail services, reflecting normalization from historically low levels. The increase was also due to net builds in the allowance for credit losses, including approximately $1.9 billion related to increases in transfer risk associated with exposures in Russia and Argentina, as well as builds due to volume growth in branded cards and retail services. Citi's net income decreased 38% versus the prior year, driven by higher expenses, higher cost of credit, and a higher effective tax rate, partially offset by higher revenues. The company reported net income of $9.2 billion, or $4.04 per share, compared to net income of $14.8 billion, or $7.00 per share in the prior year. The effective tax rate was 27% in 2023 versus 19% in the prior year, largely driven by the geographic mix of earnings. Citi's revenues increased 4% on a reported basis, reflecting an increase in net interest income in services and U.S. personal banking, driven by higher interest rates, as well as loan growth in cards. Excluding divestiture-related impacts, revenues of $77.1 billion also increased 4% versus the prior year. The increase in revenues reflected strength across services and U.S. personal banking, partially offset by declines in markets, banking, and wealth. The company expects to incur additional costs related to its organizational simplification in the first quarter of 2024. Citi's common equity tier 1 capital ratio under the Basel III standardized approach increased to 13.4% as of December 31, 2023, compared to 13.0% as of December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily driven by net income, impacts from the sales of certain Asia consumer banking businesses, and beneficial net movements in accumulated other comprehensive income, partially offset by the payment of common dividends and share repurchases. Citi's services segment reported net income of $4.6 billion, driven by continued investment in technology and other risk and controls, with expenses increasing primarily due to these investments. The services revenues increased 16%, driven by net interest income growth, partially offset by a decrease in non-interest revenue due to the impact of the Argentine peso devaluations. The increase in net interest income was primarily driven by higher interest rates and cost of funds management across currencies, as well as growth in deposits. The markets segment reported a decrease in net income of 33%, driven by lower revenues and higher expenses, with investments in transformation, technology, and other risk and controls being significant contributors to the expense increase. The banking segment reported a net loss of $48 million, primarily driven by lower corporate lending revenues and higher expenses, partially offset by lower cost of credit. U.S. personal banking reported net income of $1.8 billion, reflecting higher cost of credit and higher expenses, partially offset by higher revenues.