The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce and market quality products that meet our customers' needs, which is reliant on continued global demand for our brands and products. We operate in a highly competitive environment, competing on the basis of product performance, customer service, quality, and price. Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services. We rely upon information technology systems and networks in connection with a variety of business activities, and operating these systems and processing and maintaining data in a secure manner is critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats are increasing in frequency and sophistication, posing risks to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. Cybersecurity attacks could also include attacks targeting customer data or the security, integrity, and reliability of the hardware and software installed in our products. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third-party providers, and while prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, the potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations, and financial condition. We continue to invest in strategic initiatives aimed at future long-term profitable growth, such as services growth and technology, including autonomy, alternative fuels, connectivity, and digital and electrification. Our technology portfolio includes developing and selling technology products and services to provide customers fleet management, equipment management analytics, autonomous machine capabilities, safety services, and mining performance solutions. We expect to incur restructuring costs related to the divestiture of the company's longwall business and other restructuring costs, which may include costs for employee separation, long-lived asset impairments, and contract terminations. We also anticipate that prior restructuring actions will result in an incremental benefit to operating costs. Our organizational capabilities are enhanced through strategic resource allocation and investments in technology management, which are essential for maintaining operational efficiency and achieving business value. We have established governance contexts that support our IT capabilities, ensuring that our information management capability provides data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. Our ability to tailor these capabilities in response to changing business needs and directions is critical for transforming our firm into a competitive force. We continue to monitor external factors such as supply chain disruptions and inflationary cost pressures, which may impact our ability to meet customer demand. Our investment decisions are influenced by the performance linkage between technology capabilities and operational flexibility, which are vital for maintaining market agility and responding effectively to competitive actions.