Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our ability to compete will be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software, and operational support necessary to provide certain of our products and services. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. New technologies can materially impact our businesses in a number of ways, including affecting the demand for our products, the distribution methods of our products and content to our customers, how we create our entertainment products, the ways in which our customers can purchase and view our content, and the growth of distribution platforms available to advertisers. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our business operations, and sell our products and services. Our businesses are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations, with some also subject to international laws and regulations. Legislative and regulatory activity has increased under the Biden administration, particularly with respect to broadband networks. We expect advances in communications technology to continue to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers or that enhance our business operations, such as through the use of AI, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. Cyber threats and attacks are constantly evolving and are growing in sophistication and frequency, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Our network and information systems and other technologies, including those that are related to our network management, customer service operations, and programming delivery, are critical to our business activities. Our ability to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors, and government authorities. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in content, such as the production of films and original content for television networks and streaming services, and in the creation of new theme parks and theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which they will earn consumer acceptance. We expect to continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of multigigabit symmetrical speeds by leveraging our DOCSIS 4.0 technology and the development and enhancement of various streaming platforms. The occurrence of both intentional and unintentional incidents has caused, and may from time to time in the future cause, a variety of business impacts, including degradation or disruption of our network, products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, disruption of the security of our internal systems, products, services, or satellite transmission signals, and reputational impacts. Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments, and weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses.