We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business, and our failure to maintain compliance with regulations could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively with other institutions. Our business strategy focuses on maximizing futures and options growth globally, diversifying our business and revenues, and delivering unparalleled customer efficiencies and operational excellence, including through our partnership with Google Cloud. The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and increase trading volume in our markets, which is influenced by our ability to offer competitive prices and services in an increasingly price-sensitive business. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive, as 92% of our overall contract volume was generated through electronic trading on our CME Globex electronic platform in 2023. Our technology, our customers, our people, and our third-party service providers are vulnerable to cyber-security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our data or our customers' data or cause interruptions in our operations. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, financial losses, and regulatory sanctions. We cannot assure that we will not experience system failures from various causes, including human error or cyber attacks. If any of our systems do not operate properly, are compromised, or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, liability to customers, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage that could affect demand by current and potential users of our market. We must continue to upgrade, expand, and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and as we execute our business strategy. Our technology expense consists of costs related to maintenance of the hardware and software required to support our technology, and it may be driven by system capacity, cloud consumption, functionality, and redundancy requirements. Our strategic initiatives are discussed in the context of enhancing our technology capabilities to meet the needs of our customers and adapt to evolving market demands. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology and communications systems supporting our operations. Our ability to process, execute, and monitor a large number of transactions efficiently and uninterruptedly is critical to our business success. The competitive environment to which we are subject is influenced by technology capability and innovation, as well as overall transaction costs. Our success depends on our ability to provide reliable and cost-effective services to our customers and to develop the required functionality to support electronic trading in a manner that is competitive with other electronic markets. The shifts in market trading patterns we experienced as a result of the financial crisis may recur, and our business will be affected by future economic uncertainties, which may result in decreased trading volume and a more challenging business environment for us. Our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are essential to navigate these challenges effectively.