Our technologies, systems and networks are subject to cybersecurity threats. Cybersecurity risks to our business, including our suppliers, third-party service providers, contractors, joint venture partners and external business partners, include unauthorized access to, or control of or disclosure of sensitive information about our business and our employees; compromise of our data or systems, including corruption, sabotage, encryption or acts that otherwise render our data or systems unusable; theft or manipulation of our proprietary information; and threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure. We face risks associated with new and ever-increasing phishing techniques, hidden malware, as well as risks associated with electronic data proliferation and technology digitization. Our increasing reliance on IT in our production, distribution and marketing systems may allow cybersecurity threats to disrupt our oil and gas operations, both domestically and abroad. If our data, IT, operational technology, including industrial control and supervisory control and data acquisition systems were to be breached, damaged or disrupted due to a cybersecurity incident or cyber-attack, we could be subject to serious negative consequences. These consequences could include physical damage to production, distribution or storage assets; delay or prevention of delivery to markets; disruption or prevention of accurate accounting for production and settlement of transactions; negative impacts on public health, safety, the environment, economic security, or national security; financial impacts; business interruption; reputational damage; loss of employee, supplier, contractor, partner and/or public trust; reimbursement or other costs; increased compliance costs; regulatory investigations; litigation exposure and legal liability or regulatory fines; penalties or other external intervention. We have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements. Our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change. We believe that natural gas and oil will remain essential to the energy mix throughout the energy transition, and we also recognize the need for continuous reduction in the greenhouse gas intensity of production operations. The energy transition will likely be complex, evolving over multiple decades with many possible pathways and uncertainties. By following our triple mandate, we intend to meet this challenge in an economically viable, accountable and actionable way that creates long-term value for our stakeholders. Our ability to achieve stated targets, goals and ambitions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties out of our control, government policies and markets, as well as potential regulations that may impair our ability to execute on current or future plans. Such achievement also depends on the accelerated pace of development of effective emissions measurement and abatement technologies, and the actual pace of development may be inadequate, or the technologies actually developed may be insufficient. Our investments in low-carbon technologies may expose us to numerous financial, legal, operational, reputational and other risks. While we perform a thorough analysis on these investments, the related technologies and markets are at early stages of development and we do not yet know what rate of return we will achieve, if any. Furthermore, we may not be able to deploy such technologies at a commercial scale. The success of our low-carbon strategy will depend in part upon the cooperation of government agencies, the support of stakeholders, our ability to research and forecast potential investments, and our ability to apply our existing strengths and expertise to new technologies, projects and markets.