The availability and performance of our information technology (IT) systems are vital to our business. Failure to successfully execute IT projects and have IT systems available to our business would adversely impact our operations. IT systems play a crucial role in conducting our business, utilized to process a high volume of transactions, conduct payment transactions, track and value our inventory, and produce reports critical for making business decisions. We are undertaking large technology and IT transformation projects, and the failure of these projects could adversely impact our business plans and potentially impair our day-to-day business operations. Given the high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we build strong digital resiliency to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, viruses, internal or external security breaches, errors by employees, and catastrophic events. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems, data centers, and backup systems would require significant investments in resources to restore IT services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations, including loss of business services, increased cost of moving merchandise, and failure to provide service to our members. We are currently making substantial investments in maintaining and enhancing our digital resiliency, and failure or delay in these projects could be costly and harmful to our business. Insufficient IT capacity could also impact our capacity for timely, complete, and accurate financial and non-financial reporting required by law. We are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst multiplying threat landscapes and in compliance with privacy and data protection regulations globally. Increased security threats and more sophisticated cyber misconduct pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services. We rely upon IT systems and networks, some of which are managed by or belong to third parties, including suppliers, partners, vendors, and service providers. Operating these IT systems and networks, and processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crimes and advanced persistent threats. The potential impacts of a cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems and operations, unauthorized release of confidential information, corruption of data, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit and debit cards, and we rely on third parties to provide payment transaction processing services. Our failure to offer payment methods desired by our members could create a competitive disadvantage. We are also subject to fee increases by these service providers. Our investments in technology are essential for improving the speed, accuracy, and efficiency of our supply chains and delivery channels. The effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than opening new locations and might not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return. Our e-commerce operations depend heavily on third-party and in-house logistics providers and are negatively affected when these providers are unable to provide services in a timely fashion. We must attract, train, and retain highly qualified employees, including those in IT, to support our business needs and maintain operational efficiency. Our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including regulatory changes and prevailing wage rates.