The secure operation of information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of information is critical to our business operations and strategy. We rely upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing, and collection of payments from dealers and other purchasers of our equipment and from customers of the financial services segment. Security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations and could compromise our information as well as information of our employees, customers, suppliers, and/or dealers, exposing us to liability that could cause our business and reputation to suffer. Despite security measures, including a vulnerability disclosure program and business continuity plans, our information technology networks and infrastructure have been and may be vulnerable to intrusion, damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals, employees', suppliers', or dealers' error or malfeasance, supply chain compromise, disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters, or other events. The occurrence of any significant event could compromise our networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, obtained, publicly disclosed, lost, altered, misused, or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, alteration, misuse, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, government investigations, liability or regulatory penalties, disruption or shutdown of our operations, and damage to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We compete in a variety of highly competitive global and regional markets with other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. We rely on a network of independent dealers to manage the distribution of our products and services. If dealers are unsuccessful with their sales and business operations, it could have an adverse effect on our overall sales and revenue. The dealer channel's ability to support and service precision technology solutions and emerging power solutions may affect customers' acceptance and adoption rates of these products. Our approach to precision technology involves hardware and software, guidance, connectivity and digital solutions, automation and machine intelligence, and autonomy. Customers continue to adopt technology integrated in our portfolio of "smart" machines, systems, and solutions. We expect this trend to persist for the foreseeable future. To create and maintain a competitive differentiation, we need to successfully develop and introduce new precision technology solutions that improve profitability and sustainability for our customers. We may make significant investments in research and development, connectivity solutions, digital security for precision technology solutions, and dealer and employee training. These investments may not produce solutions that provide the desired results for customers' profitability or sustainability outcomes. Our ability to understand our customers' preferences and requirements and to develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand could significantly affect our business results. Failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs at competitive prices could have an adverse effect on our business. As regulations and social pressure drive change, we must continue to proactively monitor trends and develop alternatives and enhancements that elevate and complement our product offerings.