We rely on information technology systems, some of which are provided and/or managed by third-parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personal data relating to employees, customers, other business partners and patients), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers and fulfilling contractual obligations). Our information technology systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving legal and regulatory standards, evolving customer expectations, changes in the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data and information systems, and the information technology needs associated with our changing products and services. Significant disruptions in, or breaches in security of, our information technology systems or data or violation of data privacy laws can adversely affect our business and financial statements. Security breaches of systems provided or enabled by us, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to a vulnerability in our products or services, or security breaches of third-party suppliers we rely on to process, store or transmit electronic information, can result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, patients or suppliers. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks. The attacks, breaches, misappropriations and other disruptions and damage described above have the ability to interrupt our operations or the operations of our customers and partners, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers' intellectual property and trade secrets, result in disclosure of personal data, damage customer, patient, business partner and employee relationships and our reputation and result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy and other laws and increased costs for security and remediation. Our liability insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches. Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation; failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our business and financial statements. We are also subject to various laws regulating fraud and abuse, research and development, pricing and sales and marketing practices, the privacy and security of health information as well as manufacturing and quality standards. The company expects its 2024 effective tax rate to be approximately 17.5% which is higher than the 2023 rate due primarily to the impact of net discrete tax benefits on the 2023 effective tax rate that are not expected to repeat in 2024. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the U.S. and increase the localization of our products and services, and we plan to continue to increase our sales and presence outside the U.S., particularly in high-growth markets. Our operational costs, including the cost of energy, materials, labor, distribution and our other operational and facilities costs are subject to market conditions, including inflationary pressures. The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions and investments, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development and customer-facing resources (particularly in high-growth markets) in order to be responsive to the company's customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the company's operations.