We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to respond timely to technological changes, including by enhancing our current products and services and developing and introducing new products and services, will significantly affect our future success. We believe that data, and the insights enabled by data, can be used to create or enhance the products and services that we offer to our clients. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our employees, our clients and their customers. We expect that unauthorized parties will continue to attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, and those of our clients, partners and vendors, through various means and with increasing sophistication. We have invested and expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and mitigate security vulnerabilities. Our business depends heavily on the reliability of our systems. An operational failure that results in an interruption in the availability of our products and services could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. Our business is impacted by U.S. and global market and economic conditions. We are focused on driving growth and creating value by assembling a high-performing and diverse team, integrating our solutions, delivering operational excellence, allocating capital in a disciplined manner, and delivering breakthrough innovation. The global payments landscape continues to evolve, with rapidly advancing technologies and a steady expansion of digital payments, e-commerce and real-time payments infrastructure. Financial institutions must now be able to serve their customers with tailored solutions, delivered how and when those customers want. This requires financial institutions to not only process their transactions, but to integrate their products and services to give customers easy access to such integrated solutions. We expect that financial institutions and other financial technology providers will continue to invest significant capital to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We have invested in integrating our platforms and value-added solutions to make it easy for a client to buy across our full product suite. The businesses in our fintech segment provide financial institutions around the world with the technology solutions they need to run their operations, including products and services that enable financial institutions to process customer deposit and loan accounts and manage an institution's general ledger and central information files. We continue to allocate resources and assess performance based on the current reportable segment structure. We believe that our merchant acquiring products and solutions create compelling value propositions for merchant clients of all sizes. Our ability to respond to changing business needs and directions is critical in maintaining our competitive advantage. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that competitive pressures faced by us in the markets in which we operate will not materially and adversely affect our business. Our ability to keep pace with technological change is essential to retain clients and attract new ones. The success of certain of our products and services relies, in part, on financial institutions, business partners and other third parties promoting the use of or distributing our products and services.