Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We face intense competition, and if we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, customers, and other partners, we may not remain competitive. Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, requiring us to accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. To compete successfully, we must continue to invest significant resources in technical infrastructure and research and development, including through acquisitions, to enhance our technology, products, and services. Our ability to deploy certain AI technologies critical for our products and services may depend on the availability and pricing of third-party equipment and technical infrastructure. Additionally, our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies reflects our efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are helpful to users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. We are investing significantly in the areas of health, life sciences, and transportation, which face intense competition from large, experienced, and well-funded competitors. Our products and services depend on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems, which are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from various threats. The availability of our products and services and fulfillment of our customer contracts depend on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from modifications or upgrades, natural disasters, and cyber attacks. Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to continue to grow internationally. We continue to face an evolving regulatory environment, and we are subject to claims, lawsuits, investigations, and other forms of potential legal liability, which could affect our business practices and financial results. We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subjects, and our introduction of new businesses, products, services, and technologies will likely continue to subject us to additional laws and regulations. Our ongoing investments in safety, security, and content review will likely continue to identify abuse of our platforms and misuse of user data. We experience cyber attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems regularly. Our evolving AI-related efforts may give rise to risks related to harmful content, inaccuracies, discrimination, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, defamation, data privacy, cybersecurity, and other issues. Our success will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, trustworthy, innovative products and services that are truly useful and play a valuable role in a range of settings. We expect to increase our investment in our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, particularly in support of AI products and services. The effectiveness of our technology and software is critical to our operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness, and we continue to add new features involving AI to our offerings and internal systems.