IBM has moved into areas, including those that incorporate or utilize hybrid cloud, AI (including generative AI), quantum and other disruptive technologies, in which it can differentiate itself through responsible innovation, by leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility or is unable to attract a successful developer ecosystem, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and its profit margins. The company continues to invest significantly in key strategic areas to drive revenue growth and market share gains. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, disruptive technologies, emerging business models and ecosystems, the client demand for our products or services may decline or IBM's costs may increase. IBM's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by a lack of effective legal protections as well as changes to existing laws, legal principles and regulations governing intellectual property, including the ownership and protection of patents. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances and dispositions. Such transactions present significant challenges and risks and there can be no assurances that the company will manage such transactions successfully or that strategic opportunities will be available to the company on acceptable terms or at all. The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, AI, agile processes and changes to the ways of working, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings and investments through the company's globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, failure or interruption of information technology systems, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. The company is at risk of security breaches not only of its own products, services, systems and networks, but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees and other third parties, particularly as all parties increasingly digitize their operations. Cyber threats are continually evolving, including with the increased use of AI, making it difficult to defend against such threats and vulnerabilities that can persist undetected over extended periods of time. The company's products, services, systems and networks are used in critical company, customer or third-party operations, and involve the storage, processing and transmission of sensitive data, including valuable intellectual property, other proprietary or confidential data, regulated data, and personal information of employees, customers and others. The company regularly addresses cybersecurity attacks and vulnerabilities. Cybersecurity attacks or other security incidents could result in unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of company, customer, or other third-party data or systems; theft or import or export of sensitive, regulated, or confidential data including personal information and intellectual property. The company continuously takes significant steps to mitigate cybersecurity risk across a range of functions, but such measures can never eliminate the risk entirely or provide absolute security. The enactment and expansion of cybersecurity, AI, data protection and privacy laws, regulations and standards around the globe will continue to result in increased compliance costs, including due to an increased focus on international data transfer mechanisms and data location; increased cybersecurity requirements and reporting obligations; the lack of harmonization of such laws and regulations; the increase in associated litigation and enforcement activity by governments and private parties; and the potential for damages, fines and penalties and debarment.