We are a leading global provider of technology and data to a broad range of customers including financial institutions, corporations, and government entities. Our business is conducted through three reportable business segments: exchanges, fixed income and data services, and mortgage technology. The acquisition of Black Knight, a software, data, and analytics company, is expected to enhance our position as a provider of end-to-end electronic workflow solutions for the rapidly evolving U.S. residential mortgage industry. The Black Knight ecosystem adds value for clients of all sizes across the mortgage and real estate lifecycles by helping organizations lower costs, increase efficiencies, grow their businesses, and reduce risk. Our technology platform offers customers comprehensive digital workflow tools that aim to address inefficiencies and mitigate risks that exist in the U.S. residential mortgage market life cycle from application through closing, servicing, and the secondary market. We provide a technology platform that includes origination technology, servicing software, and data and analytics, which are designed to streamline operations and enhance performance. The origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information. Our servicing software helps automate all areas of the servicing process, from loan boarding to final payment or default, to help lower costs, reduce risk, and improve financial performance. Our data and analytics revenues include those related to our data and document automation solutions, which offer customers greater efficiency by streamlining data collection and validation through automated document recognition and data extraction capabilities. We have seen increased trading across a number of our products, such as interest rate and equity futures, credit default swaps, and bonds, driven by market volatility and rising interest rates. Our operational flexibility allows us to adapt to changing market dynamics and consumer demands. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses to mitigate uncertainties and build on growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business, and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, integration of acquisitions, and other investments. Our management considers various metrics, including annual subscription value, to evaluate the performance of our data services business. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future to satisfy our liquidity needs. We monitor macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates and inflation, which can affect our business performance and operational capabilities.