Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. We face intense competition in all of our businesses, and we expect competition to remain intense in the future. Our competitors may introduce superior products and services, successfully use and deploy new technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI) that may reduce customer demand for our products or services. In order to compete, we have also introduced free offerings in several categories, but we may not be able to attract customers as effectively as competitors with different business models. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change and successfully extend our platform, introduce new and enhanced products, features, services, and business models. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet existing needs, as well as the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships with third-party partners. We have and will continue to devote significant resources to continue to develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We operate in industries that are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and frequent new product introductions. We are increasingly incorporating open-source software into our products, and there may be vulnerabilities in open-source software that make it susceptible to cyberattacks. Our operations process a significant volume and dollar value of transactions on a daily basis, especially in our money and personal financial management businesses. Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. We are also subject to risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We rely on our network infrastructure, data hosting, public cloud, and software-as-a-service providers, and internal technology systems for many of our development, marketing, operational, support, sales, accounting, and financial reporting activities. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Our ability to provide secure and trustworthy products and services, as well as our ability to protect and use our customers' data in a manner that meets their expectations, is critical. We have encountered difficulty in launching new products and services in the past. If we misjudge customer needs in the future, our new products and services may not succeed, and our revenues and earnings may be harmed. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our customers is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We must continue to innovate, develop, and extend our platform, new products and features, and enhance our ability to solve customer problems with emerging technologies.