The company leverages the use of data science, machine learning, and other forms of AI and emerging technologies across varying parts of its business and operations, and the introduction and incorporation of AI may result in unintended consequences or other new or expanded risks and liabilities. The company assesses extensive information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect its internal information technology systems and networks, posing risks to the security and availability of these systems and networks, including customer products that are connected to or rely on such systems and networks. The company relies on both internal information technology systems and those of third parties and their vendors to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data. The company has robust business continuity plans in place across its global supply chain network designed to help mitigate the impact of health crises, although these efforts may not completely prevent adverse effects on its business. The company faces substantial competition in its two operating segments, and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings. The company competes with companies of all sizes based on cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, product performance, and pricing. The development of new and innovative products, as well as protecting the underlying intellectual property of the company's product portfolio, is important to the company's success in all areas of its business. The company’s businesses operate in highly competitive product markets, and competition for rights to product candidates and technologies may result in significant investment and acquisition costs. The company may experience operational and financial risk in connection with acquisitions if it is unable to fully identify potential risks and liabilities associated with acquired businesses or products, successfully integrate operations, and realize synergies with existing businesses. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s IT investment is crucial for transforming its operations and enhancing its competitive advantage. The company maintains cybersecurity insurance in the event of an information security or cyber incident; however, the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all financial, legal, business, or reputational losses. The company invests in research and development reflecting management's commitment to create life-enhancing innovations and to create value through partnerships. The company’s IT governance is essential in ensuring compliance with privacy and data protection laws, which impose broad compliance obligations on the collection, use, storage, access, transfer, and protection of personal data. The company’s reliance on third parties for manufacturing and supply chain management introduces additional risks related to operational efficiency and information management. The company’s ability to recruit and retain talented, highly skilled employees is critical for its organizational capabilities and overall business performance. The company’s strategic resource allocation and management practices are designed to enhance operational flexibility and market responsiveness, ensuring that it can adapt to changing business needs and directions.