The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability and periods of rapid growth or decline; we therefore face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. The changes in demand may require our management to adjust spending and other resources allocated to operating activities. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. We believe that to remain competitive we must devote significant financial resources to offer products that meet our customers' needs, to maintain customer service and support centers worldwide, and to invest in product and process R&D. Technological changes and developing technologies have required, and are expected to continue to require, new and costly investments. Our customer support business group provides products and services to maximize installed equipment performance, predictability, and operational efficiency. Our focus on research and development, with several ongoing programs relating to sustaining engineering, product and process development, and concept and feasibility, creates opportunities for sustainable differentiation. We are subject to risks associated with rapid technological change, and our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products. Our investments and acquisitions may not be as successful as we may expect, particularly in the event that we invest in or acquire product lines and technologies that are new to us. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. As a result, changing economic, regulatory, political, or business conditions can cause material adverse changes to our results of operations and financial condition. Our business relies on technology, data, intellectual property, and other sensitive information that is susceptible to cybersecurity and other threats or incidents. We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the creation, transmission, use, and storage of much of this information, and for the effective operation of our business. These information systems may be owned and maintained by us, our outsourced providers, or third parties such as vendors, contractors, customers, and cloud providers. We have experienced cybersecurity and other threats and incidents in the past, and if we were subject to a cybersecurity or other incident, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not achieve the expected benefits of our restructuring plans and business transformation initiatives, and these efforts could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations, and competitive position. Our supply chain has played and will continue to play a key role in our product development, manufacturing operations, field installation, and support. Disruptions to our supply chain and outsource providers could impact our ability to meet demand, increase our costs, and adversely impact our revenue and operating results.