Investing in our securities involves risks, including those related to our ability to grow our business and innovate in response to rapidly evolving technological and market developments. If we fail to innovate, our competitive position and business prospects may be harmed. We participate in intensely competitive markets, and if we do not compete effectively, our business and operating results will be adversely affected. Our reliance on a network of partners for an increasing portion of our revenues introduces risks related to the performance of these partners, which could impact our ability to sell and distribute our products. Delays in improving our information systems and processes could interfere with our ability to support our existing and growing customer and employee base, adversely impacting our business. We must successfully continue to release new products and updates to existing products, as the success of any release depends on managing risks associated with actual or perceived quality defects or delays. Disruptions or defects in our services could damage our customers' businesses and harm our reputation and financial results. Our business depends on our platform being available without disruption, and we experience defects, disruptions, outages, and other performance problems from time to time. We rely on our information systems and those of third parties to operate and scale our business, and improvements to our information system infrastructure are often complex, costly, and time-consuming. Our ability to monitor the data security measures of our third-party providers is limited, and we depend on them to maintain adequate security measures to protect against unauthorized access and cyberattacks. Actual or perceived cybersecurity events experienced by us or our third-party service providers may create the perception that our platform is not secure, potentially leading to customer loss. Our success depends significantly on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, particularly in technology roles. As we continue to grow and expand our workforce globally, we may face operational and workplace culture challenges that could negatively impact our business execution. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth may depend on our success in recruiting, training, and retaining sufficient qualified personnel to support our growth. We have made and will continue to make substantial investments in data centers, geographic-specific service delivery models, and cloud computing infrastructure. Our business model may be affected by global trends and laws regulating the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning, which could impact our ability to use certain data for developing our products. We must continually adapt to customer privacy and security requirements as they change over time, and our cloud services may fail to address evolving customer requirements. We face ongoing challenges in attracting and retaining top talent across various roles, including product development and engineering, sales, operations, and cybersecurity. The competitive landscape requires us to effectively secure our platform, data, and customers' data while delivering the digital transformation process planning and IT systems architecture planning that our customers require to be successful. If we fail to manage these risks effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be negatively affected.