The following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, or reputation, which could cause our stock price to decline. Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry may adversely impact our financial results. Our accelerated computing platforms experience rapid changes in technology, customer requirements, competitive products, and industry standards. Our success depends on our ability to timely identify industry changes, adapt our strategies, and develop new or enhance and maintain existing products and technologies that meet the evolving needs of these markets. We have invested in research and development in markets where we have a limited operating history, which may not produce meaningful revenue for several years, if at all. We cannot ensure that the products and technologies we bring to market will provide value to our customers and partners. We have begun offering enterprise customers NVIDIA DGX Cloud services directly and through our network of partners, which include cloud-based infrastructure, software, and services for training and deploying AI models. Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline. We rely upon internal processes and information systems to support key business functions, including our assessment of internal controls over financial reporting. The efficient operation and scalability of these processes and systems is critical to support our growth. We continue to design and implement updated accounting functionality related to a new enterprise resource planning system. Failure to implement new or updated controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. We are subject to stringent and changing data privacy and security laws, rules, regulations, and other obligations. These areas could damage our reputation, deter current and potential customers, affect our product design, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings and liability. Our business depends on our ability to receive consistent and reliable supply from our overseas partners. Any new restrictions that negatively impact our ability to receive supply of components, parts, or services from Taiwan would negatively impact our business and financial results. We may also face cybersecurity threats due to error or intentional misconduct by employees, contractors, or other third-party service providers. We must also continue to develop our security measures, including training programs and security awareness initiatives, designed to ensure our suppliers have appropriate security measures in place. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, security incidents arising from a failure to properly handle sensitive information or adhere to our security policies and access control mechanisms. Our ability to monitor these third parties' information security practices is limited, and they may not have adequate information security measures in place. We may also incorporate third-party data into our AI algorithms or use open-source datasets to train our algorithms. Our ability to adequately predict our CPU demand may create volatility in our revenue or supply levels. We are continuously assessing whether and where to seek formal protection for existing and new innovations and technologies. Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our business processes and information systems, and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business and internal controls. We have invested and may continue to invest in businesses that offer products, services, and technologies that we believe will help expand or enhance our strategic objectives. Our operating results depend on sales within our partner network, as well as the ability of these partners to sell products that incorporate our processors.