We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, particularly from their sale of premium tier handset devices. The mobile industry is experiencing concentration of device share among a few companies, contributing to this trend. We spend a significant amount of engineering and development time, funds, and resources in understanding our key customers' feedback and/or specifications and attempt to incorporate such input into our product launches and technologies. Our growth depends in part on our ability to extend our technologies and products into new and expanded product areas, and industries and applications beyond mobile handsets. Our research, development, and other investments in these new and expanded product areas, industries and applications may not generate operating income or contribute to future results of operations that meet our expectations. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 5G-based technologies, and we also invest in new and expanded product areas, industries, and applications beyond mobile handsets. Our future growth depends on our ability to develop leading and cost-effective technologies and products for these new and expanded product areas, industries, and applications, and third parties incorporating our technologies and products into devices used in these product areas. We may also underestimate the costs of, or overestimate the future revenues or margins that could result from these investments, and these investments may not generate material returns. We may engage in acquisitions and other strategic transactions, including joint ventures, and make investments that are important to the future of our business. Our strategic activities entail a high degree of risk and require the use of significant amounts of capital, and investments may not become liquid for several years after the date of the investment. Achieving the anticipated benefits of business acquisitions depends in part upon our ability to integrate the businesses in an efficient and effective manner and achieve anticipated synergies. We may not derive any commercial value from acquired technologies or products or from future technologies or products based on these technologies, and we may become subject to liabilities that are not covered by any indemnification protection. Our manufacturing operations depend on securing raw materials, equipment, and other supplies in adequate quality and quantity in a timely manner from multiple suppliers. We primarily utilize a fabless production model, which means that we do not own or operate foundries for the production of silicon wafers from which our integrated circuits are made. Our suppliers are responsible for the procurement of most of the raw materials used in the production of our integrated circuits. Our ability to develop or maintain leading process technologies, including transitions to smaller geometry process technologies, and to effectively compete with the manufacturing processes and performance of our competitors could impact our ability to introduce new products and meet customer demand. We are also subject to order and shipment uncertainties that could negatively impact our results of operations. Our business and operations could suffer in the event of security breaches of our IT systems, or other misappropriation of our technology, intellectual property, or other proprietary or confidential information. We believe that we have a robust cybersecurity program that is aligned to international cybersecurity frameworks, and that we leverage industry best practices across people, processes, and technologies in an attempt to mitigate cybersecurity threats. However, we cannot anticipate, detect, repel, or implement fully effective preventative measures against all cybersecurity threats.