Our success depends in part on our ability to adjust our marketing, promotional and advertising plans and pricing strategy to respond quickly and effectively to shifting economic and competitive conditions as well as evolving customer preferences. We believe the investments in partner wages and training have increased retention and in-store operational efficiencies while the acceleration of purpose-built store concepts and innovations in technologies have provided additional convenience and connection with our customers. The success of several of our initiatives to drive growth, including our ability to increase digital relationships with our customers to drive incremental traffic and spend, is highly dependent on our technology systems. We rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations for numerous purposes including for administrative functions, point-of-sale processing and payment in our stores and online, management of our supply chain, online business, delivery services, mobile technology, including mobile payments and ordering apps, reloads and loyalty functionality and various other processes and transactions. Our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers. Our financial results could be adversely affected by a shift in consumer spending away from outside-the-home food and beverages; lack of customer acceptance of new products, brands, and platforms; or customers reducing their demand for our current offerings as new products are introduced. We are working to manage risks and costs to us, our licensees and our supply chain of any effects of climate change as well as diminishing energy and water resources. We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. Our global business strategy, including our plans for new stores, branded products and other initiatives, relies significantly on a variety of business partners, including licensee and joint venture relationships, third-party manufacturers, distributors and retailers. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge as we increase our fresh and prepared food offerings. We also face risks as a global business that could adversely affect our financial performance. Our international operations are subject to additional inherent risks of conducting business abroad, such as foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes or uncertainties in economic, legal, regulatory, social and political conditions in our markets, and the enforceability of intellectual property and contract rights. We are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets in order to achieve our growth targets. Our future growth increasingly depends on the growth and sustained profitability of certain international markets. The performance of these international operations may be adversely affected by economic downturns in one or more of the countries in which our large market business units operate. We recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Climate change may also result in decreased availability, less favorable pricing, or other adverse consequences for non-coffee inputs in our products. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. Our reliance on key business partners may adversely affect our business and operations. If our business partners and third-party providers do not satisfactorily fulfill their responsibilities and commitments, it could damage our brand and our financial results could suffer. The ongoing relevance of our brand may depend on making sufficient progress toward our social and environmental program goals as well as the successful execution of the reinvention plan, each of which requires company-wide coordination and alignment.