We rely on information technology systems to conduct our business, including recording and processing transactions, manufacturing and selling our products, researching and developing new products, maintaining and growing our competitive position, and supporting and communicating with our employees, customers, suppliers, and other vendors. These information technology systems are important to many business-critical processes including, but not limited to, production planning, manufacturing, distribution, finance, company operations, research and development, sales, and customer service. Cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions to our information technology systems may interfere with our operations, result in the compromise or loss of critical and confidential information, and severely harm our business. Despite our efforts to prevent these threats and disruptions to our information technology systems, these systems may be affected by damage or interruption resulting from, among other causes, cyber attacks, security breaches, power outages, system failures, or malware. Disruptions to these systems may impair our ability to conduct business and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We continue to mitigate these risks in a number of ways, including through additional investment, engagement of third-party experts and consultants, improving the security of our facilities and systems, and providing annual training for all employees. Our ability to attract, retain, develop, and progress a qualified global workforce could adversely impact our business and impair our ability to meet our strategic objectives and the needs of our customers. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to identify, attract, and onboard qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, skills, and experience and our ability to retain, develop, progress, and engage qualified employees across our business, including our stores, fleet, manufacturing, research and development, information technology, corporate, and other operations and functions. Increased competition or failure to keep pace with developments in key competitive areas of our business may reduce our sales, earnings, or cash flow performance. We face substantial competition from many international, national, regional, and local competitors of various sizes in the manufacture, distribution, and sale of our paint, coatings, and related products. Technology, product quality, product composition, raw material sourcing, product innovation and development, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service, and price are key competitive factors for our business. The success of past and future acquisitions depends in large part on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions, particularly when the acquired businesses operate in new or foreign markets. Our business benefits from free trade agreements, which may include the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement and EU-UK trade and cooperation agreement, and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements, in addition to trends such as protectionism or nationalism, and the implementation of more restrictive trade policies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flow and that of our customers, vendors, and suppliers. The domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and transfer, digital marketing or telemarketing, and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and rapidly changing requirements applicable to our business, which often require changes to our business practices. Compliance with these requirements, including the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, is costly and will result in additional costs in our efforts to continue to comply.