The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected systems. The registrants operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated technology systems. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of one or more key technology systems could impact the ability of the registrants to operate. The registrants face a heightened risk of cyberattack due to the critical nature of the infrastructure and the inherent vulnerability of technology systems. The registrants and their third-party vendors have been subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to their technology systems and confidential data. The registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will have the maturity to detect or prevent breaches, operational incidents, or other breakdowns of technology systems. Additionally, the registrants do not maintain completely exhaustive inventories of assets and applications, which could negatively affect preparation for, investigation of, or response to an information security incident. The registrants collect and retain sensitive information, including personally identifiable information about customers and employees, and may outsource certain functions to third-party service providers. Malicious actors may target these providers to disrupt services or to use them to attack the registrants. Internal or external cyberattacks may inhibit the registrants' ability to fulfill critical business functions, including energy delivery service failures. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing system protection measures are significant and could materially increase to address evolving cyber risks. The registrants must attract, train, and retain a workforce to meet current and future needs, and events such as an aging workforce or increased competition for labor may lead to operational challenges. The registrants' operations and business plans depend on the global supply chain to procure equipment, materials, and other resources, and disruptions in the supply chain could adversely impact business operations. The registrants are also dependent on their ability to successfully access capital through capital markets and financial institutions, and any inability to access capital at competitive rates could limit their ability to implement business plans. Changes in technology could alter the channels through which electric customers buy or utilize power, and rapid advances in power generation technology could reduce the value of existing electric generating facilities. The registrants continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets, but such actions cannot be assured to be beneficial. The registrants are subject to risks associated with their ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs, and the financial condition of some insurance companies could have disruptive effects on insurance markets. The registrants rely on access to both short-term and longer-term capital markets as a significant source of liquidity, and any inability to access capital could adversely affect their operations and financial condition. The registrants engage in long-term planning processes to estimate the optimal mix and timing of new generation assets required to serve future load obligations, but inherent risk exists in predicting demand due to various uncertain factors.