Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of data and information in our information systems and networks and those of our third-party service providers, including our vendors. Cyber threats continue to further evolve and continue to be more difficult to detect and successfully defend against. As a result, cyber threats have in the past and may in the future defeat the measures that we or our third-party service providers take to anticipate, detect, avoid, or mitigate such threats. We devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of our information systems, software, networks and other technology assets and the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to the enterprise and our customers, clients and employees. However, such measures may be circumvented or become obsolete, and additional measures that we take to prevent or mitigate cyber incidents may be expensive or ineffective. We rely on our information technology environment and certain critical databases, systems, applications and services to support key product and service offerings. Our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at third-party internet providers or increased government regulation. We are transitioning our technology to a cloud-based infrastructure, which is complex, time-consuming, and involves substantial expenditures. Our utilization of cloud services is critical to developing and providing products and services to our customers, scaling our business for future growth, accurately maintaining data and otherwise operating our business; any such implementation involves risks inherent in the conversion to a new system, including loss of information and potential disruption to our normal operations. Our strategy includes enhancing customer support and seamless user experience with a focus on ease of discoverability, distribution, and delivery of our products and services and integrated capabilities. We are also strengthening data management capabilities for cross-enterprise value creation, ensuring data quality through governance, enhanced architecture, and policy codification. We are adopting efficient modern native cloud technologies and data services, implementing technologies that align with customer needs and unlock new opportunities. The rapid change of technology is a key feature of all of the markets in which we operate. To succeed in the future, we will need to deploy improved processes and technology to innovate, design, develop, assemble, test, market, and support new products and enhancements to our existing products in a timely and cost-effective manner. Our businesses compete domestically and internationally on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of their offerings, client service, reputation, price, geographic scope, range of products and technological innovation. We have made significant investments in information technology data centers and other technology initiatives and we cannot provide assurances that such investments will result in increased revenues. Our ability to develop, adapt, or implement new and improved processes and technology may materially adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. The development, testing and deployment of AI systems requires continued investment and may materially increase the cost profile of our offerings due to the nature of the computing cost involved in such systems. We have established a company-wide AI strategy to drive our approach to data protection, licensing and AI integration in our processes, products and services.