We believe that each of these matters could materially affect our business. Our costs to provide current benefits and funding for future benefits are subject to increases, primarily due to continuing increases in medical and prescription drug costs, which can be affected by lower returns on assets held by our pension and other benefit plans. Significant adverse changes in capital markets could result in the deterioration of our defined benefit plans' funded status. The continuing growth of IP-based services, especially when accessed by wireless devices, has created or potentially could create conflicting regulation between the FCC and various state and local authorities. We must continually invest in our networks in order to improve our wireless and broadband services to meet increasing demand and changes in customer expectations while remaining competitive. Improvements in these services depend on many factors, including continued access to and deployment of adequate spectrum and the capital needed to expand our wireline network to support transport of these services. We have been expanding our all-fiber wireline network to stem broadband subscriber losses to cable competitors in our non-fiber wireline areas. We must maintain and expand our network capacity and coverage for transport of data, including video, and voice between cell and fixed landline sites. We have spent, and plan to continue spending, significant capital and other resources on the ongoing development and deployment of our 5G and fiber wireline networks. Deployment of new technology may adversely affect the performance of the network for existing services. Our ability to attract and retain customers, and therefore maintain and improve our operating margins, could be materially adversely affected if we fail to deploy the services customers desire on a timely basis with acceptable quality and at reasonable costs. Our ability to address these issues will depend, among other things, on continued improvement in network quality and customer service and our ability to price our products and services competitively. We are transitioning services from our copper-based network and seeking regulatory approvals, where needed, at both the state and federal levels. Our focus is on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience. We intend for these efficiencies to enable increased investments in our strategic areas of focus, which consist of improving broadband connectivity. We also expect these initiatives to drive efficiencies and improved margins. We intend to use artificial intelligence-driven efficiencies in our network design, software development, and customer support services. Our ability to realize or sustain the expected benefits from our business transformation initiatives could have a materially adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations, and competitive position. The software benefits of our 5G wireless technology should result in a more efficient use of capital and lower network-related expenses in the coming years. We expect revenue growth in our wireless and broadband businesses as customers demand instant connectivity and higher speeds made possible by wireless network enhancements through 5G deployment and our fiber network expansion. We plan to use our strong fiber and wireless assets, broad distribution, and integrated product offers to strengthen our overall market position. We expect to continue to deliver revenue growth in the coming years, as we are in a period of rapid growth in wireless video and data usage and believe that there are substantial opportunities available for next-generation integrated services that combine technologies and services.