Our business depends on our information technology ("IT") systems, which collect and process information of customers, associates, and other persons, as well as information of our business and of our suppliers, service providers, and other third parties. We rely heavily on IT systems, including those operated and maintained by our suppliers, service providers, and other third parties, to manage key aspects of our business, including planning; purchasing; sales, including point-of-sale processing and e-commerce; supply chain management; inventory management; human resources; financial management; communications; information security; and legal and regulatory compliance. Our ongoing operations and successful growth are dependent on these systems and require us to accurately anticipate our current and future IT needs, including successfully developing, implementing, and maintaining appropriate systems and adopting new technologies appropriately and in a timely manner. This reliance requires us to accurately anticipate our current and future IT needs and successfully develop, implement, and maintain appropriate systems, as well as effective disaster recovery plans for such systems. The large size and scale of our operations, our multiple banners and locations across the U.S., Canada, Europe, and Australia, and the autonomy afforded to the banners in some aspects of the business also increase the risk that our systems, controls, practices, and policies may not be implemented effectively or consistently throughout our company, that information may not be appropriately shared across our operations, and/or that our marketing and communications strategies may lack cohesion. Compromises of our cybersecurity, disruptions in our information technology systems, or failure to satisfy the information technology needs of our business could result in material loss or liability, materially impact our operating results, or materially harm our reputation. Our IT systems, as well as those of our suppliers, service providers, and other third parties whose information technology systems we utilize directly or indirectly, are targeted by attempts to access or obtain personal or other sensitive information, attempts at monetary theft, and attempts to disrupt business. These attempts include use of malware, ransomware, phishing, social engineering, denial-of-service attacks, exploitation of system vulnerabilities or misconfigurations, associate malfeasance, digital and physical payment card skimmers, account takeovers, and other forms of cyber-attacks. These attempts continue to increase in sophistication, heightening the risk of compromise or disruption. We maintain policies, procedures, and controls designed to reduce the risks of cybersecurity compromises and IT failures or disruptions, but these controls vary in maturity across the business and may fail to operate as intended or be circumvented. Additionally, the global regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, and cybersecurity compromises and disruptions in our IT systems could result in regulatory enforcement actions, class actions, contract liability, or other forms of material legal liability. Our results and profitability could be adversely affected by increased labor costs, including wage, pension, health, and other costs, or other challenges from our large workforce. Our associates are key to supporting our business and operations effectively, and our operating expenses continue to reflect increased labor costs. We also have faced and may continue to face challenges in recruiting or retaining sufficient talent due to shifts in the labor market, wage pressures, and competition, flexible scheduling needs, and health and safety concerns, among other factors. If we do not effectively attract qualified individuals, train them in our business model, support their development, engage them in our business, and retain them in sufficient numbers and at appropriate levels of the organization, our growth could be limited, and the successful execution of our business model could be adversely affected.