If we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade or expand our existing information systems, or if our technology products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Our business depends on the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, customers and health care professionals and to operate our business. If the data we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to effectively maintain or protect the integrity of our data and information systems, including systems powered by or incorporating artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML), we could experience failures in our health, wellness and information technology products; lose existing customers; have difficulty attracting new customers; experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing; have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud; have disputes with customers, physicians and other health care professionals; become subject to regulatory sanctions, penalties, investigations or audits; incur increases in operating expenses; or suffer other adverse consequences. The volume of health care data generated, and the uses of data, including electronic health records, are rapidly expanding. We depend on the integrity of the data in our information systems to implement new and innovative services, automate and deploy new technologies to simplify administrative processes and clinical decision making, price our products and services adequately, provide effective service to our customers and consumers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, provide timely payments to care providers, and accurately report our results of operations. In addition, connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important and recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices and new tools and products that leverage AI/ML to improve the customer experience. Our ability to protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with changes in information processing technology (including AI/ML), regulatory standards and changing customer preferences will require an ongoing commitment of significant development and operational resources. If these commitments fail to provide the anticipated benefits, if we are unable to successfully anticipate future technology developments, or if the cost to keep pace with the technological changes exceed our estimates, we could be exposed to reputational harm and experience adverse effects on our business. We may not successfully implement our initiatives to consolidate the number of systems we operate, upgrade and expand our information systems' capabilities, integrate and enhance our systems and develop new systems to keep pace with recent regulations and changes in information processing technology. Failure to protect, consolidate and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs. Our businesses could suffer if our affiliated physician organizations fail to maintain relationships with or fail to adequately price their contracts with these third-party payer competitors. Our health care benefits businesses have risk-based arrangements with some physicians, hospitals and other health care providers. These arrangements limit our exposure to the risk of increasing medical costs, but expose us to risk related to the adequacy of the financial and medical care resources of the health care providers. The success of some of our businesses depends on maintaining satisfactory relationships with physicians as our employees, independent contractors or joint venture partners. We face and will likely continue to face heightened competition to acquire or manage physician practices or to employ or contract with individual physicians. Our revenues could be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to maintain or expand satisfactory relationships with physicians, to acquire, recruit or, in some instances, employ physicians, or to retain enrollees following physician departures. Our businesses are subject to risks associated with unfavorable economic conditions. Unfavorable economic conditions may have a range of impacts on the demand for our products and services. Such conditions also have caused and in future periods could continue to cause employers to stop offering certain health care coverage as an employee benefit or elect to offer particular coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis to reduce their operating costs.