We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business, including technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties. If we do not have sufficient capital or do not deploy sufficient capital in a timely manner to acquire, develop, or implement new technology or maintain or upgrade current systems, we may suffer a rail service outage or competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service. We devote significant resources to protect our technology systems and proprietary data; however, we have experienced and will likely continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal course of business. There can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to identify, prevent, or limit the effects of cyber incidents will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents, or to avoid a material adverse impact on our systems after such incidents do occur. A cyber incident that results in significant service interruption, safety failure, other operational difficulties, unauthorized access to competitively sensitive, confidential, or other critical data or systems, loss of customers, financial losses, regulatory fines, reputational harm, or misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We continue to work to improve our transportation plan, add capacity, improve operations at our yards and other facilities, and improve our ability to address surges in demand for any reason by carrying a resource buffer. Our goal is to be an industry leader in safety, and we plan to improve the safety culture through our courage to care program, which reflects actions such as giving and receiving feedback on unsafe behavior, finding and eliminating risk, and improving the safety of the work environment. We will continue using a comprehensive safety management approach utilizing technology, hazard identification and risk assessments, employee engagement, training, quality control, and targeted capital investments. Our operating practices command center will help position us to implement predictive technology to reduce variability by seeking to identify causes of mainline service interruptions and develop solutions. We are committed to delivering the service we sold to our customers and will engage with customers to understand how we win together. We will continue to transform our railroad to further improve our service product, improve resource utilization, and lower our overall cost structure. Our capital plan includes investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network, certain ramps to efficiently handle volumes from new and existing intermodal customers, continued modernization of our locomotive fleet, and projects intended to improve operational efficiency. We may face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers, and our main railroad competitor operates parallel routes in many of our main traffic corridors. Our ability to quickly react to factors that affect our ability to attract and retain employees may be restricted due to limited flexibility to make unilateral changes to collective bargaining agreements. We are subject to governmental regulation by a significant number of federal, state, and local authorities covering a variety of health, safety, labor, environmental, economic, tax, and other matters. Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions to the air, discharges to waters, handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials. We utilize climate scenario analyses to better understand climate-related risks and opportunities the company may face in the future under a range of potential scenarios. We continue to take steps and explore opportunities to reduce our operational impact on the environment, including improving our operational fluidity to increase fuel efficiency, modernizing locomotives for improved reliability and fuel consumption, using renewable fuels, and exploring and testing low- and zero-emissions propulsion technologies.