We face significant competition in our industries, and the rapid development of new technologies has eliminated many of the traditional distinctions among communication services and brought new competitors to our markets. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on our network reliability, speed, capacity, and coverage, as well as our development of new and enhanced products and services. We expect the wireless industry's customer growth rate to moderate over time, leading to increased competition for customers. If we are unable to take advantage of developments in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services and be unable to implement our business strategy. Our strategy requires significant capital investments primarily to acquire wireless spectrum, provide additional capacity for growth in our networks, and develop and maintain significant advanced information technology systems and data system capabilities. We believe that our c-band spectrum, together with our industry-leading millimeter wave spectrum holdings, will drive innovative products and services and fuel our growth. We are focused on enhancing our networks and delivering strong financial and operating results, which are critical to maintaining our competitive advantage. The telecommunications industry is highly competitive, and we expect competition to remain intense as traditional and non-traditional participants seek increased market share. Future revenue growth in the industry is expected to be driven by expanding existing customer relationships and increasing the number of ways customers can connect with wireless networks and services. We expect that this connection growth, combined with our industry-leading network assets, will provide additional opportunities to sell solutions, such as those around security, private networking, and other network connectivity services. We are implementing measures to protect our infrastructure and operations from adverse events, including cyber attacks, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Cyber attacks may cause equipment failures, loss of information, and disruptions to our operations. The development and maintenance of systems to prevent such attacks is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating. Our ongoing c-band spectrum deployment is funded through our general capital expenditure program, which is essential for enhancing operational efficiency and productivity of our networks. We continue to invest in our wireless networks and advanced technologies to position ourselves at the center of growth trends for the future. Our capital expenditures are focused on building our next-generation 5G network while also adding capacity and density to our 4G LTE network. We are densifying our networks to address increasing mobile video consumption and the growing demand for IoT products and services. We believe that our high-quality networks and customer base differentiate us from our competitors and give us the ability to manage through changing economic and competitive conditions. We expect service revenue growth opportunities to arise from increased access revenue as customer demand for mobile and fixed wireless access 5G connectivity continues to expand. Our business transformation initiatives, including strategic partnerships, are designed to enhance our capabilities and support our competitive positioning in the market.