ExxonMobil's technology, research, and development organizations must be successful and able to adapt to a changing market and policy environment, including continuous improvement in the efficiency of hydraulic fracturing technology and developing technologies to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. To remain competitive, we must also continuously adapt and capture the benefits of new and emerging technologies, including successfully applying advances in the ability to process very large amounts of data to our businesses. Our ability to manage successfully those factors that are, at least in part, within our control, including our capital allocation into existing and new businesses, will impact our performance relative to competition. The long-term success of ExxonMobil's upstream and product solutions businesses, as well as the future success of lower-emission investments, depends on complex, long-term, capital-intensive projects that require a high degree of project management expertise to maximize efficiency. Specific factors that can affect the performance of major projects include our ability to negotiate successfully with joint venturers, partners, governments, suppliers, customers, or others; model and optimize reservoir performance; develop markets for project outputs; manage changes in operating conditions and costs; prevent and respond effectively to unforeseen technical difficulties; and influence the performance of project operators where ExxonMobil does not perform that role. Our competitive performance, especially given the commodity-based nature of many of our businesses, is tied to our ability to operate efficiently, manage expenses, improve production yields, and successfully integrate acquisitions. This requires continuous management focus, including technology integration and improvements, cost control, productivity enhancements, and the recruitment, development, and retention of high-caliber employees. The company's efforts include both in-house research and development as well as collaborative efforts with leading universities and commercial partners involved in advanced lower-emission energy technologies. Our future results and ability to grow our low carbon solutions business will depend in part on the success of these research and collaboration efforts and on our ability to adapt and apply the strengths of our current business model to providing the energy products of the future in a cost-competitive manner. Achieving societal ambitions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions will require new technologies to reduce the cost and increase the scalability of alternative energy sources, as well as technologies such as carbon capture and storage. Cybersecurity is also a critical area, as ExxonMobil is regularly subject to attempted cybersecurity disruptions from various sources, including state-sponsored actors. If the measures we are taking to protect against cybersecurity disruptions prove to be insufficient, it could adversely affect ExxonMobil, our customers, employees, or third parties. Our operations may be disrupted by severe weather events, natural disasters, and similar events, and our ability to mitigate the adverse impacts of these events depends in part upon the effectiveness of our robust facility engineering, rigorous disaster preparedness, and business continuity planning. The existence of supportive policies in any jurisdiction is not a guarantee that those policies will continue in the future, and failure or delay of these policies or markets to materialize could adversely impact these investments.