item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the company's consolidated financial statements.
overview the company's business the company develops, manufactures, markets and sells a broad range of household, personal care and specialty products.  the company sells its consumer products under a variety of brands through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar, pet and other specialty stores, and websites, all of which sell the products to consumers.  the company also sells specialty products to industrial customers and distributors.  the company focuses its consumer products marketing efforts principally on its ten "power brands."  these well-recognized brand names include arm & hammer, used in multiple product categories such as baking soda, cat litter, carpet deodorization and laundry detergent; trojan condoms, lubricants and vibrators; oxiclean stain removers, cleaning solutions, laundry detergent, dishwashing detergent and bleach alternatives; spinbrush battery-operated and manual toothbrushes;  first response home pregnancy and ovulation test kits; nair depilatories; orajel oral analgesic; xtra laundry detergent; l'il critters and vitafusion gummy dietary supplements; and batiste dry shampoos.  the company considers four of these brands to be "mega brands": arm & hammer, oxiclean, trojan, and l'il critters and vitafusion, and is giving greatest focus to the growth of these brands.
the company operates its business in three segments: consumer domestic, consumer international and spd.  the consumer domestic segment includes the power brands noted above and other household and personal care products such as scrub free, kaboom and orange glo cleaning products, arrid antiperspirant, close-up and aim toothpastes and simply saline nasal saline moisturizer.  the consumer international segment primarily sells a variety of personal care products, some of which use the same brand names as the company's domestic product lines, in international markets including canada, france, australia, the united kingdom, mexico and brazil.  the spd segment is the largest u.s. producer of sodium bicarbonate, which it sells together with other specialty inorganic chemicals for a variety of industrial, institutional, medical and food applications.  this segment also sells a range of animal nutrition and specialty cleaning products.  in 2015, the consumer domestic, consumer international and spd segments represented approximately 76%, 15% and 9%, respectively, of the company's consolidated net sales.
2015 financial highlights key fiscal year 2015 financial results include:
·   2015 net sales grew 2.9% over fiscal year 2014, with gains in all three of the company's segments, primarily due to volume growth and the impact of the 2014 acquisition of the lil' drug store brands and the january 2015 acquisition of substantially all of the assets of varied industries corporation (the "vi-cor acquisition"), partially offset by currency fluctuations.
·   gross margin increased 40 basis points to 44.5% in fiscal year 2015 from 44.1% in fiscal year 2014, reflecting the favorable impact of the lil' drug store brands and vi-cor acquisitions, higher volumes and lower commodity costs partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates.
·   operating margin increased 50 basis points to 19.9% in fiscal year 2015 from 19.4% in fiscal year 2014, reflecting a higher gross margin and slightly lower marketing costs, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&amp;a").
·   during the second quarter, the company settled its previously announced termination of an international pension plan and recorded an $8.9 charge in sg&amp;a.
·   also during the second quarter, the company recorded a $17.0 impairment charge associated with its remaining investment in natronx.
·   cash provided by operations was $606.1, a $65.8 increase from the prior year, which includes higher cash earnings and improved working capital.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
·   the company returned $538.4 to its stockholders through dividends and share repurchases.
strategic goals, challenges and initiatives the company's ability to generate sales depends on consumer demand for its products and retail customers' decisions to carry its products, which are, in part, affected by general economic conditions in its markets.  in 2015, many of the markets in which the company operates continued to experience general economic softness and weak or inconsistent consumer demand.  although the company's consumer products generally are consumer staples and less vulnerable to decreases in discretionary spending than other products, the continued economic downturn has reduced demand in many categories, particularly those in personal care, and affected company sales in recent periods.  some customers have responded to economic conditions by increasing their private label offerings (primarily in the dietary supplements, diagnostic kits and oral analgesics categories), and consolidating the product selections they offer to the top few leading brands in each category.  in addition, an increasing portion of the company's product categories are being sold by club stores, dollar stores and mass merchandisers.  these customer actions have placed downward pressure on the company's sales and gross margins.
the company expects a competitive marketplace in 2016 due to new product introductions by competitors and continuing aggressive competitive pricing pressures.  in the u.s., an improving unemployment rate and higher disposable income due to low gasoline prices are expected to have a positive effect on consumption patterns.  to continue to deliver attractive results for stockholders in this environment, the company intends to continue to aggressively pursue several key strategic initiatives: maintain competitive marketing and trade spending, tightly control its cost structure, continue to develop and launch new and differentiated products, and pursue strategic acquisitions.  the company also intends to continue to grow its product sales geographically (in an attempt to mitigate the impact of weakness in any one area), and maintain an offering of premium and value brand products (to appeal to a wide range of consumers).
the company continues to experience heightened competitive activity in certain product categories from other larger multinational competitors, some of which have greater resources.  such activities have included new product introductions, more aggressive product claims and marketing challenges, as well as increased promotional spending.  since the introduction in the u.s. of unit dose laundry detergent by various manufacturers, including the company, there has been significant product and price competition in the laundry detergent category.  for example, p&g, one of the company's major competitors and the market leader in laundry detergent markets a lower-priced line of laundry detergents that competes directly with the company's core value laundry detergents.  additionally, henkel has entered the u.s. market with persil, its leading worldwide premium laundry detergent. while it is too early to assess what impact this will have on the premium laundry category or the company's laundry detergent business, the introduction of persil could precipitate greater price competition in the category and distribution pressure with a potential adverse impact on oxiclean laundry detergent.  the company continues to evaluate and vigorously combat the pressures in the laundry detergent category through, among other things, new product introductions and increased marketing spending.  while the category grew 1.6% in 2015, after experiencing declines in 2013 and 2014, there is no assurance the category will not decline and that the company will be able to offset any such decline.
the company has responded to these competitive pressures by, among other things, focusing on strengthening its key brands, including increased focus on the arm & hammer, oxiclean, trojan and l'il critters and vitafusion mega brands through the launch of innovative new products, which  span various product categories, including premium and value household products supported by increased marketing and trade spending.  together, they represented approximately 60% of the company's sales and profits in 2015.  these mega brands have advantages over other power brands, including the ability to leverage research and development and marketing investments and lower overhead costs across mega brand categories.  for example, the company's 2014 responsive product introductions include the simultaneous launch of oxiclean branded products into the mid/premium tier laundry detergent segment, and auto dish detergent category and bleach alternatives with continued support of, and innovation in, the company's base arm & hammer and oxiclean businesses, to create scale and maximize marketing efforts.  in 2015, the company continued to heavily invest in the oxiclean brand as 2015 marked the second year of the company's goal to establish oxiclean as a mega brand in multiple categories.  mega brand launches and launches of other products are anticipated to contribute more incremental new product revenue than the introduction of new products has in prior years, and a significant portion of those revenues will include expansion into new categories with premium household products, supported by increased levels of slotting, trade promotions and incremental marketing support and planned ongoing technology investment.  there can be no assurance that these measures will be successful.
despite challenging economic conditions and customer responses to these conditions, the company was able to grow market share in seven of 10 of its "power brands" in 2015, including in the laundry detergent category.  the company's global product portfolio consists of both premium (60% of total worldwide consumer revenue in 2015) and value (40% of total worldwide consumer
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
revenue in 2015) brands, which it believes enables it to succeed in a range of economic environments.  the company's value brands have performed strongly during economic downturns, and the company intends to continue to develop a portfolio of appealing new products to build loyalty among cost-conscious consumers.
over the past 15 years, the company has diversified from an almost exclusively u.s. business to a global company with approximately 15% of sales derived from foreign countries in 2015.  the company has operations in six countries (canada, mexico, u.k., france, australia and brazil) and exports to over 90 other countries.  in 2015, the company benefited from its concentration in north america in light of the economic downturn in europe; however, the company has continued and will continue to focus on selectively expanding its global business.  net sales generated outside of the united states are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations as well as political uncertainty which could impact future operating results.
the company also continues to focus on controlling its costs.  historically, the company has been able to mitigate the effects of cost increases primarily by implementing cost reduction programs and, to a lesser extent, by passing along some of these cost increases to customers.  the company has also entered into set pricing and pre-buying arrangements with certain suppliers and hedge agreements for diesel fuel.  additionally, maintaining tight controls on overhead costs has been a hallmark of the company and has enabled it to effectively navigate recent challenging economic conditions.
the identification and integration of strategic acquisitions are an important component of the company's overall strategy.  acquisitions have added significantly to company sales and profits over the last decade.  this is evidenced by the lil' drug store brands and vi-cor acquisitions.  however, the failure to effectively integrate any acquisition or achieve expected synergies may cause the company to incur material asset write-downs.  the company actively seeks acquisitions that fit its guidelines, and its strong financial position provides it with flexibility to take advantage of acquisition opportunities.  in addition, the company's ability to quickly integrate acquisitions and leverage existing infrastructure has enabled it to establish a strong track record in making accretive acquisitions.  since 2001, the company has acquired nine of its ten "power brands".
the company believes it is positioned to meet the ongoing challenges described above due to its strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments and continued focus on key strategic initiatives: maintaining competitive marketing and trade spending, managing its cost structure, continuing to develop and launch new and differentiated products, and pursuing strategic acquisitions.  this focus, together with the strength of the company's portfolio of premium and value brands, has enabled the company to succeed in a range of economic environments, and is expected to position the company to continue to increase stockholder value over the long-term.  moreover, the generation of a significant amount of cash from operations, as a result of net income and effective working capital management, combined with an investment grade credit rating provides the company with the financial flexibility to pursue acquisitions, drive new product development, make capital expenditures to support organic growth and gross margin improvements, return cash to stockholders through dividends and  share buy backs, and reduce outstanding debt, positioning it to continue to create stockholder value.
for information regarding risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition, see "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report.
recent developments toppik acquisition on january 4, 2016, the company acquired spencer forrest, inc., the maker of toppik ("toppik acquisition"), the leading brand of hair building fibers for people with thinning hair, for approximately $175.0, which is subject to adjustment based on the closing working capital.  the company financed the acquisition with commercial paper.  toppik's annual sales are approximately $30.0.  this brand will be managed within the consumer domestic and consumer international segments.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
critical accounting policies and estimates the company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. (gaap).  the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  by their nature, these judgments are subject to uncertainty.  they are based on the company's historical experience, its observation of trends in industry, information provided by its customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate.  the company's significant accounting policies and estimates are described below.
revenue recognition and promotional and sales return reserves virtually all of the company's revenue represents sales of finished goods inventory and is recognized when received or picked up by the company's customers.  the reserves for consumer and trade promotion liabilities and sales returns are established based on the company's best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims on products sold as of the balance sheet date.  promotional reserves are provided for sales incentives, such as coupons to consumers, and sales incentives provided to customers (such as slotting, cooperative advertising, incentive discounts based on volume of sales and other arrangements made directly with customers).  all such costs are netted against sales.  slotting costs are recorded when the product is delivered to the customer.  cooperative advertising costs are recorded when the customer places the advertisement for the company's products.  discounts relating to price reduction arrangements are recorded when the related sale takes place.  costs associated with end-aisle or other in-store displays are recorded when product that is subject to the promotion is sold.  the company relies on historical experience and forecasted data to determine the required reserves.  for example, the company uses historical experience to project coupon redemption rates to determine reserve requirements.  based on the total face value of consumer domestic coupons redeemed over the past several years, if the actual rate of redemptions were to deviate by 0.1% from the rate for which reserves are accrued in the financial statements, an approximately $4.8 difference in the reserve required for coupons would result.  with regard to other promotional reserves and sales returns, the company uses experience-based estimates, customer and sales organization inputs and historical trend analysis in arriving at the reserves required.  if the company's estimates for promotional activities and sales returns were to change by 10% the impact to promotional spending and sales return accruals would be approximately $5.8.  while management believes that its promotional and sales returns reserves are reasonable and that appropriate judgments have been made, estimated amounts could differ materially from actual future obligations.  during the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the company reduced promotion liabilities by approximately $4.3, $6.7 and $3.7, respectively, based on a change in estimate as a result of actual experience and updated information.  these adjustments are immaterial relative to the amount of trade promotion expense incurred annually by the company.
impairment of goodwill, trade names and other intangible assets carrying values of goodwill, trade names and other indefinite lived intangible assets are reviewed periodically for possible impairment.  for finite intangible assets, the company assesses business triggering events.  the company's impairment analysis is based on a discounted cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to unit volume, revenue and expense growth rates, and the selection of an appropriate discount rate.  management uses estimates based on expected trends in making these assumptions.  with respect to goodwill, impairment occurs when the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the discounted present value of cash flows for that reporting unit.  for trade names and other intangible assets, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the carrying value and the net present value of estimated future cash flows, which represents the estimated fair value of the asset.  judgment is required in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual valuations.  indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological change, distribution losses, or competitive activities and acts by governments and courts may indicate that an asset has become impaired.  the result of the company's annual goodwill impairment test determined that the estimated fair value substantially exceeded the carrying values of all reporting units.  in addition, there were no goodwill impairment charges for each of the years in the three-year period ended december 31, 2015.
the company recognized intangible asset impairment charges within sg&a for each of the years in the three-year period ended december 31, 2015 as follows:
for the year ended december 31,
consumer domestic             $0.0                    $5.0                    $1.9
consumer international         0.0                     0.0                     4.6
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
the impairment charges recorded in 2014 and 2013 were a result of actual and projected reductions in sales and profitability as a result of increased competition.  the amount of the impairment charges was determined by comparing the estimated fair value of the assets to their carrying amount.  fair value was estimated based on a "relief from royalty" or "excess earnings" discounted cash flow method, which contains numerous variables that are subject to change as business conditions change, and therefore could impact fair values in the future.  the company determined that the fair value of all other intangible assets as of december 31, 2015 exceeded their respective carrying values based upon the forecasted cash flows and profitability.  in 2014, the results of the company's annual impairment test for indefinite lived trade names resulted in a personal care trade name whose fair value exceeded its carrying value by 11%.  in 2015, the fair value of this asset exceeded its carrying value by approximately 20%, based on improved and forecasted performance.  this trade name's carrying value is valued at approximately $37.0 as of december 31, 2015, and is considered an important asset to the company.  the company continues to monitor performance and should there be any significant change in forecasted assumptions or estimates, including sales, profitability and discount rate, the company may be required to recognize an impairment charge.
it is possible that the company's conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or other intangible assets could change in future periods if, for example, (i) the businesses or brands do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in 2016 or future years vary from current assumptions (including changes in discount rates), (iii) business conditions or strategies change from current assumptions, (iv) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace or (v) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower multiples of revenues and ebitda.  a future impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material effect on the company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.
inventory valuation when appropriate, the company writes down the carrying value of its inventory to the lower of cost or market (net realizable value, which reflects any costs to sell or dispose).  the company identifies any slow moving, obsolete or excess inventory to determine whether an adjustment is required to establish a new carrying value.  the determination of whether inventory items are slow moving, obsolete or in excess of needs requires estimates and assumptions about the future demand for the company's products, technological changes, and new product introductions.  in addition, the company's allowance for obsolescence may be impacted by the reduction of the number of stock keeping units (skus).  the company evaluates its inventory levels and expected usage on a periodic basis and records adjustments as required.  adjustments to inventory to reflect a reduction in net realizable value were $12.6 at december 31, 2015, and $8.3 at december 31, 2014.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.  deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized to reflect the future tax consequences attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.  deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  management provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets for amounts which are not considered "more likely than not" to be realized.  the company records liabilities for potential assessments in various tax jurisdictions under u.s. gaap guidelines.  the liabilities relate to tax return positions that, although supportable by the company, may be challenged by the tax authorities and do not meet the minimum recognition threshold required under applicable accounting guidance for the related tax benefit to be recognized in the income statement.  the company adjusts this liability as a result of changes in tax legislation, interpretations of laws by courts, rulings by tax authorities, changes in estimates and the expiration of the statute of limitations.  many of the judgments involved in adjusting the liability involve assumptions and estimates that are highly uncertain and subject to change.  in this regard, settlement of any issue, or an adverse determination in litigation, with a taxing authority could require the use of cash and result in an increase in the company's annual tax rate.  conversely, favorable resolution of an issue with a taxing authority would be recognized as a reduction to the company's annual tax rate.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of december 31, 2015.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013
the discussion of results of operations at the consolidated level presented below is followed by a more detailed discussion of results of operations by segment.  the discussion of the company's consolidated results of operations and segment operating results is presented on a historical basis for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013.  the segment discussion also addresses certain product line information.  the company's operating units are consistent with its reportable segments.
twelve months ended             change vs.        twelve months ended
gross profit                                                  $1,511.8                      4.1%                $1,452.9
marketing expenses                                              $417.5                      0.1%                  $416.9
net sales net sales for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $3,394.8, an increase of $97.2, or approximately 2.9% compared to 2014 net sales.  the components of the net sales increase are as follows:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations / other                  (2.7   %)
(1)   on september 19, 2014, the company acquired certain brands in the lil' drug store brands acquisition (the ("lil' drug store brands acquisition") and on january 2, 2015, the company acquired certain assets of varied industries corporation (the "vi-cor acquisition"). net sales of these acquisitions are included in the company's results since the date of acquisition.
all three segments reported volume increases and favorable price/mix for the year ended december 31, 2015.
gross profit the company's gross profit for 2015 was $1,511.8, a $58.9 increase compared to 2014. gross margin was 44.5% in 2015 compared to 44.1% in 2014, a 40 basis points ("bps") increase.  the increase is due to 30 bps associated with higher volume, price and mix, favorable impact associated with the lil' drug store brands and vi-cor acquisitions of 40 bps, lower commodity costs of 70 bps, partially offset by higher manufacturing costs (net of productivity programs and including higher than anticipated start-up costs associated with the company's new vitamin manufacturing facility) of 70 bps and unfavorable foreign exchange rates of 30 bps.  the higher volume, price and mix favorability included higher trade promotion and couponing to continue to support proven consumer trial generating activities for the oxiclean megabrand.
operating costs marketing expenses for 2015 were $417.5, an increase of $0.6 compared to 2014.  the reason the increase was small was due to shifting some marketing funds to trade promotion and couponing to continue to support proven consumer trial generating activities for the oxiclean megabrand.  marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 30 bps to 12.3% in 2015 compared to 12.6% in 2014.  this is due to 30 bps from leverage of expenses on higher sales.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a") expenses for 2015 were $420.1, an increase of $25.3 or 6.4% compared to 2014 due primarily to both on-going and one-time costs associated with the lil' drug store brands and vi-cor acquisitions, higher compensation related costs, higher legal and research and development expenses and an $8.9 pension settlement charge in the second quarter of 2015.  the increase was partially offset by lower foreign exchange rates.  sg&a as a percentage of net sales increased 20 bps to 12.3% in 2015 compared to 12.1% in 2014.  the increase is due to higher costs of 50 bps, including 25 bps associated with the pension charge, partially offset by 30 bps of leverage associated with higher sales.
other income and expenses equity in earnings of affiliates for 2015 was a loss of $5.8 compared to earnings of $11.6 in 2014.  the decrease in earnings was primarily due to a $17.0 impairment charge associated with the company's remaining investment in natronx recorded in the second quarter of 2015.  this charge is primarily a result of lower than expected demand for the joint venture's products as a result of a shift in the electric utility industry from coal-fired to natural gas-supplied power plants, continued delays in the implementation of updated federal regulations, and indirectly, the recent u.s. supreme court ruling against the environmental protection agency ("epa") where the court stated that the epa failed to properly consider the costs to implement the regulations. we believe that the foregoing factors will likely further delay the demand for these products.
taxation the 2015 tax rate was 35.4% compared to 33.8% in 2014.  the 2015 tax rate was negatively impacted by a valuation allowance recorded in connection with the natronx impairment charge. the tax rate for 2014 was favorably impacted by discrete adjustments related to uncertain income tax positions.
net sales net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $3,297.6, an increase of $103.3, or approximately 3.2% compared to 2013 net sales.  the components of the net sales increase are as follows:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                                    (0.5   %)
sales in anticipation of information systems upgrade                  (0.2   %)
(1)   on september 19, 2014, the company acquired certain feminine care brands from lil' drug store products inc. net sales of the brands acquired in the lil' drug store brands acquisition are included in the company's results since the date of acquisition.
all three segments reported volume increases for the year ended december 31, 2014. the unfavorable price/mix in the consumer domestic segment, primarily due to new product introductory costs and a higher level of trade and coupon promotion for existing products was partially offset by favorable price/mix in spd.
gross profit the company's gross profit for 2014 was $1,452.9, a $14.9 increase  compared to the same period in 2013 due to the effect of higher sales volume, productivity improvement programs and the impact of the lil' drug store brands acquisition, partially offset by the costs associated with new product launches, higher commodity costs and currency fluctuations. gross margin was 44.1% in 2014  compared to 45.0% in 2013.  gross margin was lower due to higher trade promotion, coupon, slotting, commodity costs and currency fluctuations, partially offset by the positive impact of productivity improvement programs.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
operating costs marketing expenses for 2014 were $416.9, an increase of $17.1 compared to 2013 due primarily to expenses in support of new product launches and increased expenses in certain other power brands.  marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales were 12.6% in 2014 compared to 12.5% in 2013.
sg&a expenses for 2014 were $394.8, a decrease of $21.2 compared to 2013 due primarily to lower compensation costs and employee benefit costs, lower legal costs, lower intangible asset impairment charges and lower cease use charges associated with the company's princeton, new jersey leased buildings, partially offset by higher intangible amortization expense, in part due to the lil' drug store brands acquisition.  additionally, in 2013 the company incurred costs related to the integration of the gummy dietary supplements business, which were not incurred in 2014.  sg&a as a percentage of net sales was 12.1% in 2014 compared to 13.0% in 2013.
other income and expenses equity in earnings of affiliates for 2014 was $11.6 compared to $2.8 in 2013.  the increase in earnings was due primarily to profit improvement from armand and a smaller loss at natronx.  also, in the second quarter of 2013, the company recorded an impairment charge associated with one of its affiliates.
segment results for 2015, 2014 and 2013
the company operates three reportable segments: consumer domestic, consumer international and spd.  these segments are determined based on differences in the nature of products and organizational and ownership structures.    the company also has a corporate segment.
consumer domestic        household and personal care products consumer international   primarily personal care products spd                      specialty chemical products the corporate segment income consists of equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates.  as of december 31, 2015, the company held 50% ownership interests in each of armand and armakleen, respectively, and a one-third ownership interest in natronx.  the company's equity in earnings (losses) of armand, armakleen and natronx for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 is included in the corporate segment.
some of the subsidiaries that are included in the consumer international segment manufacture and sell personal care products to the consumer domestic segment.  these sales are eliminated from the consumer international segment results set forth below.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
segment net sales and income before income taxes for each of the three years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:
consumer          consumer
income before income taxes(2)
(1)   intersegment sales from consumer international to consumer domestic, which are not reflected in the table, were $5.3, $1.9 and $2.2 for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(2)   in determining income before income taxes, the company allocated interest expense and investment earnings among the segments based upon each segment's relative income from operations.
(3)   corporate segment consists of equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates from armand, armakleen and natronx.
product line revenues for external customers for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:
total consumer domestic                   2,581.6              2,471.6              2,413.5
total consumer international                501.0                535.2                532.8
household products include deodorizing, cleaning and laundry products.  personal care products include condoms, pregnancy kits, oral care products, skin care products and gummy dietary supplements.
consumer domestic
consumer domestic net sales in 2015 were $2,581.6, an increase of $110.0 or 4.5% compared to net sales of $2,471.6 in 2014.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
net sales - consumer domestic    december 31, 2015
(1)   on september 19, 2014, the company acquired certain feminine care brands from lil' drug store products inc. net sales of the brands acquired in the lil' drug store brands acquisition are included in the company's results since the date of acquisition.
the increase in net sales in 2015 includes sales from the lil' drug store brands acquisition, higher sales from the new product launches of arm & hammer clump & seal cat litter product lines including the new lightweight variant launched in december 2014, arm & hammer liquid laundry detergent, and batiste dry shampoo and were offset by lower sales of spinbrush toothbrushes, trojan condoms and xtra laundry detergent.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
since the introduction in the u.s. of unit dose laundry detergent by various manufacturers, including the company, there has been significant product and price competition in the laundry detergent category.  for example p&g markets a lower-priced line of laundry detergents that competes directly with the company's core value laundry detergents and henkel has entered the u.s. market with persil, its leading worldwide premium laundry detergent.  while it is too early to assess what impact this will have on the premium laundry category or the company's laundry detergent business, the introduction of persil could precipitate greater price competition in the category and distribution pressure with a potential adverse impact on oxiclean laundry detergent.  the company continues to evaluate and vigorously combat the pressures in the laundry detergent category through, among other things, new product introductions and increased marketing spending.  while the category grew 1.6% in 2015 after experiencing declines in 2013 and 2014, there is no assurance the category will not decline in the future and that the company will be able to offset any such decline.
delays in the company's second quarter start-up of the new vitamin manufacturing facility resulted in the need to place certain retailers on allocation, which contributed to increased retailer frustration.  by the end of the year, these issues were mainly resolved.  if the company were to lose a significant customer or if any sales of its products were to materially decrease due to customer service levels or real or perceived product quality or appearance issues, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
consumer domestic income before income taxes for 2015 was $529.4, a $26.6 increase compared to 2014.  the increase is due primarily to the impact of higher sales volumes of $61.1 partially offset by higher sg&a costs of $24.1 and higher marketing expenses of $3.3.  higher manufacturing costs of $6.0 include vitamin manufacturing start-up costs, which were partially offset by productivity programs and lower commodity costs.
consumer domestic net sales in 2014 were $2,471.6, an increase of $58.1 or 2.4% compared to net sales of $2,413.5 in 2013.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
net sales - consumer domestic    december 31, 2014
(1)associated with net sales of the brands acquired in the lil' drug store brands acquisition since the date of acquisition.
the increase in net sales includes the new product launches of arm & hammer clump & seal clumping cat litter and oxiclean liquid laundry detergent, and higher sales of oxiclean laundry additive products, trojan products, vitafusion gummy dietary supplements and orajel oral analgesics, partially offset by lower sales in xtra laundry detergent, l'il critter gummy dietary supplements and arm & hammer powder and unit dose laundry detergents.   since the introduction in the u.s. of unit dose laundry detergent by various manufacturers, including the company, there has been significant product and price competition in the laundry detergent category.  for example p&g markets a lower-priced line of laundry detergents that competes directly with the company's core value laundry detergents and henkel has entered the u.s. market with persil, its leading worldwide premium laundry detergent.  while it is too early to assess what impact this will have on the premium laundry category or the company's laundry detergent business, the introduction of persil could precipitate greater price competition in the category and distribution pressure with a potential adverse impact on oxiclean laundry detergent.  the company continues to evaluate and vigorously combat the pressures in the laundry detergent category through, among other things, new product introductions and increased marketing spending.  while the category grew 1.6% in 2015 after experiencing declines in 2013 and 2014, there is no assurance the category will not decline in the future and that the company will be able to offset any such decline.  consumer domestic income before income taxes for 2014 was $502.8, a $1.8 increase compared to 2013.  the increase is due to higher sales volumes, manufacturing costs savings resulting from productivity improvement projects and lower sg&a costs, partially offset by the impact of introductory and higher trade promotion, coupon and marketing costs in support of new product launches and existing products, higher commodity costs and an intangible asset impairment charge.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
consumer international
consumer international net sales in 2015 were $501.0, a decrease of $34.2 or 6.4% as compared to 2014.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
net sales - consumer international        december 31, 2015
foreign exchange rate fluctuations / other                 (15.5   %)
(1)   on september 19, 2014, the company acquired certain feminine care brands from lil' drug store products inc. ("lil' drug store brands acquisition"). net sales of the brands acquired in the lil' drug store brands acquisition are included in the company's results since the date of acquisition.
the decrease in consumer international net sales in 2015 was primarily due to the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates in 2015 compared to 2014, which offset higher sales in europe, australia and mexico.
consumer international income before income taxes was $54.5 in 2015, a decrease of $10.2 compared to 2014 due primarily to unfavorable foreign exchange rates of $20.8, an $8.9 pension settlement charge, and higher marketing costs of $7.3, as well as, higher trade promotion, commodity and marketing costs, partially offset by higher volumes of $19.7 and favorable price/mix of $6.1.
consumer international net sales in 2014 were $535.2, an increase of $2.4 or 0.5% compared to 2013.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
net sales - consumer international    december 31, 2014
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                  (2.7   %)
(1)   associated with net sales of the brands acquired in the lil' drug store brands acquisition since the date of acquisition.
consumer international income before income taxes was $64.7 in 2014, an increase of $0.2 compared to 2013 due primarily to higher volumes and prices offset by the effect of foreign exchange rate changes and higher trade promotion, commodity and marketing costs.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
spd net sales were $312.2 for 2015, an increase of $21.4, or 7.3% compared to 2014.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                  (3.4   %)
(1)   on january 2, 2015, the company acquired certain assets of varied industries corporation. net sales are included in the company's results since the date of the vi-cor acquisition.
the sales increase in 2015 reflects the impact of the vicor acquisition, as well as, higher sales volume of performance products partially offset by lower animal nutrition products and foreign exchange fluctuations.
spd income before income taxes was $57.3 in 2015, an increase of $11.5 compared to 2014.  the increase in income before income taxes for 2015 is due primarily to higher sales volume of $18.8 and lower manufacturing costs of $10.1, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates of $6.8, sg&a of $9.1 and higher marketing expenses of $1.3.
spd net sales were $290.8 for 2014, an increase of $42.8, or 17.3%  compared to 2013.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                  (1.0   %)
the sales increase in 2014 reflects higher sales volume of animal nutrition products and performance products.  the animal nutrition business's strong performance is primarily related to the strength of the u.s. dairy industry, which has experienced all time high milk prices and low input commodity costs, prompting dairy producers to feed more animal nutrition products and produce higher volumes of milk per cow.
spd income before income taxes was $45.8 in 2014, an increase of $16.4 compared to 2013.  the increase in income before income taxes for 2014 is due primarily to higher sales volume and sales prices and lower sg&a costs.
corporate the corporate segment reflects the administrative costs of the production, planning and logistics functions which are included in sg&a expenses in the operating segments but are elements of cost of sales in the company's consolidated statements of income.  such amounts were $32.6, $26.7 and $31.3 for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
also included in corporate are equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates from armand, armakleen and natronx.  the decrease in equity in earnings of affiliates in 2015 is primarily due to the $17.0 natronx impairment charge recorded in the second quarter of 2015.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
liquidity and capital resources on december 4, 2015, the company replaced its former $600.0 unsecured revolving credit facility with a $1,000.0 unsecured revolving credit facility (as amended from time to time, the "credit agreement").  under the credit agreement, the company has the ability to increase its borrowing up to an additional $600.0, subject to lender commitments and certain conditions as described in the credit agreement.  borrowings under the credit agreement are available for general corporate purposes and are used to support the company's $500.0 commercial paper program (the "program").  total combined borrowing for both the credit agreement and the program may not exceed $1,000.0.  unless extended, the credit agreement will terminate and all amounts outstanding thereunder will be due and payable on december 4, 2020.
as of december 31, 2015, the company had $330.0 in cash and cash equivalents, approximately $641.0 available through the revolving facility under its credit agreement and its commercial paper program, and a commitment increase feature under the credit agreement that enables the company to borrow up to an additional $600.0, subject to lending commitments of the participating lenders and certain conditions as described in the credit agreement.  to preserve its liquidity, the company invests its cash primarily in prime money market funds and short term bank deposits.
during the second quarter of 2015, the company liquidated its subsidiary in the netherlands and decided that the earnings of its subsidiary in france would no longer be permanently reinvested outside of the u.s. as a result, the company repatriated cash of $93.0. the funds repatriated were used to reduce outstanding commercial paper. as a result of liquidating its subsidiary in the netherlands, the company recorded a tax benefit of $2.7 in the consolidated statement of income and a deferred tax benefit of $11.6 through accumulated other comprehensive income in the second quarter of 2015. as of december 31, 2015, there remains $136.3 of cash and cash equivalents held by the foreign subsidiaries that is considered to be permanently reinvested outside of the u.s. these funds are not needed for operations in the u.s. if they were, the company would be required to accrue and pay taxes in the u.s. to repatriate these funds. the company's intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside the u.s., and the company does not currently expect to repatriate them to fund u.s. operations.
on december 9, 2014, the company closed an underwritten public offering of $300.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.45% senior notes due december 15, 2019 (the "2019 notes").  the 2019 notes were issued under the first supplemental indenture (the "first supplemental indenture"), dated december 9, 2014, to the indenture dated december 9, 2014 (the "base indenture"), between the company and wells fargo bank, n.a., as trustee.  interest on the 2019 notes is payable semi-annually, beginning june 15, 2015.  the 2019 notes will mature on december 15, 2019, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the first supplemental indenture.
on september 26, 2012, the company closed an underwritten public offering of $400.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.875% senior notes due 2022 (the "2022 notes").  the 2022 notes were issued under the second supplemental indenture, dated september 26, 2012 (the "bny mellon second supplemental indenture") to the indenture dated december 15, 2010 (the "bny mellon base indenture") between the company and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as trustee.  interest on the 2022 notes is payable semi-annually, beginning april 1, 2013.  the 2022 notes will mature on october 1, 2022, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the bny mellon second supplemental indenture.
on december 15, 2010, the company completed an underwritten public offering of $250.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.35% senior notes due 2015 (the "2015 notes").  on december 15, 2015, the 2015 notes matured.  the 2015 notes and accrued interest were repaid using primarily commercial paper borrowings.
the current economic environment presents risks that could have adverse consequences for the company's liquidity.  (see "unfavorable economic conditions could adversely affect demand for the company's products" under "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report.)  the company does not anticipate that current economic conditions will adversely affect its ability to comply with the financial covenant in the credit agreement because the company currently is, and anticipates that it will continue to be, in compliance with the maximum leverage ratio requirement under the credit agreement.
on january 28, 2015, the board authorized a new share repurchase program, under which the company may repurchase up to $500 in shares of common stock (the "2015 share repurchase program").  the 2015 share repurchase program replaced the 2014 share repurchase program.  the company also continued its evergreen share repurchase program, authorized by the board on
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
january 29, 2014, under which the company may repurchase, from time to time, common stock to reduce or eliminate dilution associated with issuances of common stock under the company's incentive plans.
in 2015, the company purchased approximately 4.4 million shares of common stock for $363.1, of which $88.0 was purchased under the evergreen share repurchase program and $275.1 was purchased under the 2015 share repurchase program, including an accelerated share repurchase contract with a commercial bank to repurchase 2.6 million shares of common stock at a cost of $215.0.
in connection with the company's 2015 share repurchase program and its evergreen repurchase program, on february 8, 2016, the company initiated open market purchases with the objective of purchasing up to a total of $200. the company anticipates all of the purchases will be completed during the first quarter of 2016.
the company anticipates that its cash from operations, together with its current borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to meet its capital expenditure program costs, which are expected to be approximately $55.0 in 2016, fund its share repurchase programs to the extent implemented by management and pay dividends at the latest approved rate.  cash, together with the company's current borrowing capacity, may be used for acquisitions that would complement the company's existing product lines or geographic markets.  the company does not have any mandatory fixed rate debt principal payments in 2016.
net cash provided by operating activities   $606.1                    $540.3                    $499.6
net cash used in investing activities       $(141.2           )       $(288.4           )       $(77.1            )
net cash used in financing activities       $(535.0           )       $(306.6           )       $(259.8           )
net cash provided by operating activities - the company's primary source of liquidity is the strong cash flow provided by operating activities, which is dependent on the level of net income and changes in working capital.  the company's net cash provided by operating activities in 2015 increased by $65.8 to $606.1 compared to 2014 due to higher cash earnings (net income plus non-cash expenses such as depreciation, amortization, non-cash compensation and asset impairment charges) and lower working capital.  the decrease in working capital is primarily due to lower accounts receivable as a result of factoring $37.8 to a bank and higher accounts payable and accrued expenses due to the timing of invoice payments.  this was partially offset by higher inventory in support of higher sales.  the company measures working capital effectiveness based on its cash conversion cycle.  the company's cash conversion cycle (defined as days in accounts receivable plus days in inventory less days in accounts payable) which is calculated using a 2 period average method, improved 5 days from the prior year amount of 32 days to 27 days at december 31, 2015 due primarily to improved accounts receivable of 4 days and accounts payable of 2 days.  inventory increased 1 day from 49 to 50 days.  the improvement in the company's cash conversion cycle reflects the company's continued focus on reducing its average working capital requirements.
net cash used in investing activities - net cash used in investing activities during 2015 was $141.2, principally reflecting $74.9 for the vi-cor acquisition and $61.8 for property, plant and equipment expenditures, in part due to the company's new gummy dietary supplement manufacturing facility in york, pennsylvania.
net cash used in financing activities - net cash used in financing activities 2015 was $535.0, primarily reflecting $363.1 of repurchases of common stock, $175.3 of cash dividend payments and repayment of a $250.0 bond that matured in 2015, partially offset by higher commercial paper and short term borrowings of $211.7 and $44.3 of proceeds and tax benefits from stock option exercises.
net cash provided by operating activities - the company's net cash provided by operating activities in 2014 increased $40.7 to $540.3 compared to 2013 due to higher net income and a slight increase in working capital.  net cash provided by operating activities in 2013 was negatively affected by the deferred payment of the fourth quarter 2012 federal tax obligation of $36.0 as allowed by the irs due to the impact of hurricane sandy.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
net cash used in investing activities - net cash used in investing activities during 2014 was $288.4, principally reflecting the $215.7 paid for the lil' drug store brands acquisition and $70.5 of property, plant and equipment expenditures.
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities - net cash used in financing activities during 2014 was $306.6, primarily reflecting $478.8 of repurchases of common stock, $167.5 of cash dividend payments and $6.7 net repayments of short-term debt offset by an increase in long-term debt of $299.8 for the 2019 notes, and $51.2 of proceeds and tax benefits from stock option exercises.
financial covenant
"consolidated ebitda" (referred to below as "adjusted ebitda" and defined in the credit agreement that was revised in december 2015) is a component of the financial covenant contained in the credit agreement.  the financial covenant includes a leverage ratio (total funded debt to adjusted ebitda), which, if not met, could result in an event of default and trigger the early acceleration of amounts owing under the credit agreement and the early termination of commitments under the credit agreement.  adjusted ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other entities and should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s.  the company's leverage ratio for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 was 1.4, which is below the maximum of 3.5 permitted under the credit agreement.
the reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities (the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure) to adjusted ebitda for 2015 is as follows:
net cash provided by operating activities         $606.1
current income tax provision                            201.0
excess tax benefit on stock options exercised            15.8
change in working capital and other liabilities         (38.6   )
adjusted ebitda (per credit agreement)                 $813.3
commitments as of december 31, 2015
the table below summarizes the company's material contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2015.
debt obligations of foreign subsidiaries                2.7                 2.7                 0.0                 0.0                 0.0
other long-term liabilities letters of credit and performance bonds(2)              4.1                 4.1                 0.0                 0.0                 0.0
pension contributions(3)                                2.3                 2.3                 0.0                 0.0                 0.0
(2)   letters of credit with several banks guarantee payment for items such as insurance claims in the event of the company's insolvency. performance bonds are principally for required municipal property improvements.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
(3)   pension contributions are based on actuarial assessments of government regulated employer funding requirements. these requirements are not projected beyond one year since they fluctuate with the change in plan assets, assumptions and demographics.
(4)   the company has outstanding purchase obligations with suppliers at the end of 2015 for raw, packaging and other materials and services in the normal course of business. these purchase obligation amounts represent only those items which are based on agreements that are enforceable and legally binding, and do not represent total anticipated purchases.
(5)   other includes payments for stadium naming rights for a period of 20 years until december 2032.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company does not have off-balance sheet financing or unconsolidated special purpose entities.
other items market risk concentration of risk a group of three customers accounted for approximately 35%, 36% and 35% of consolidated net sales in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, of which a single customer, wal-mart, accounted for approximately 24%, 25% and 24% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
interest rate risk the company had outstanding total debt at december 31, 2015, of $1,050.0, net of debt issuance costs, of which 66% has a fixed weighted average interest rate of 2.69% and the remaining 34% constituted principally commercial paper issued by the company that currently has a weighted average interest rate of less than 0.8%.  in december 2014, the company entered into interest rate swap agreements on an aggregate notional amount of $300.0 to convert the fixed interest rate on the 2019 notes to a floating rate of three-month libor plus a fixed spread of 0.756%.
other market risks the company is also subject to market risks relating to its diesel fuel costs, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and changes in the market price of the common stock.  refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these market risks and the derivatives used to manage the risks associated with changing diesel fuel prices, foreign exchange rates and the price of the company's common stock.