item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained herein.
abdc distributes a comprehensive offering of brand-name and generic pharmaceuticals (including specialty pharmaceutical products), over-the-counter healthcare products, home healthcare supplies and equipment, and related services to a wide variety of healthcare providers, including acute care hospitals and health systems, independent and chain retail pharmacies, mail order pharmacies, medical clinics, long-term care and other alternate site pharmacies, and other customers. abdc also provides pharmacy management, staffing and other consulting services, and supply management software to a variety of retail and institutional healthcare providers. additionally, abdc delivers packaging solutions to institutional and retail healthcare providers.
absg, through a number of operating businesses, provides pharmaceutical distribution and other services to physicians who specialize in a variety of disease states, especially oncology, and to other healthcare providers, including hospitals and dialysis clinics. absg also distributes plasma and other blood products, injectible pharmaceuticals, vaccines, and other specialty products. additionally, absg provides third party logistics and outcomes research, and other services for biotechnology and other pharmaceutical manufacturers.
our use of the term "specialty" and "specialty pharmaceutical products" refers to drugs used to treat complex diseases, such as cancer, diabetes, and multiple sclerosis. specialty pharmaceutical products are part of complex treatment regimens for serious conditions and diseases that generally require ongoing clinical monitoring. we believe the terms "specialty" and "specialty pharmaceutical products" are used consistently by industry participants and our competitors. however, we cannot be certain that other distributors of specialty products define these and other similar terms in exactly the same manner as we do.
both abdc and absg distribute specialty drugs to their customers, with the principal difference between these two operating segments being that absg operates distribution facilities that focus primarily on complex disease treatment regimens. therefore, a product distributed from one of absg's distribution facilities results in revenue reported under absg, and a product distributed from one of abdc's distribution centers results in revenue reported under abdc. essentially all of absg sales consist of specialty pharmaceutical products. abdc sales of specialty pharmaceutical products have historically been a relatively small component of its overall revenue.
abcs, through a number of operating businesses, provides commercialization support services including reimbursement support programs, outcomes research, contract field staffing, patient assistance and co-pay assistance programs, adherence programs, risk mitigation services, and other market access programs to pharmaceutical and biotechnology manufacturers. world courier, which operates in over 50 countries, is a leading global specialty transportation and logistics provider for the biopharmaceutical industry. mwi is a leading animal health distribution company in the united states and in the united kingdom. mwi sells pharmaceuticals, vaccines, parasiticides, diagnostics, micro feed ingredients, and various other products to customers in both the companion animal and production animal markets.
recent developments on november 6, 2015, we acquired pharmedium healthcare holdings, inc. ("pharmedium"), a privately held leading national provider of outsourced compounded sterile preparations ("csps") to acute care hospitals in the united states, for $2.7 billion in cash, which included certain purchase price adjustments. we financed the transaction through a combination of cash and long-term debt. in november 2015, we entered into a $1.0 billion variable rate term loan, which matures in november 2020 and is subject to quarterly principal payments, as defined. pharmedium is considered a component of abdc within our pharmaceutical distribution reportable segment.
• revenue increased 13.7% from the prior fiscal year as a result of a full year of generic drug distribution to wba in fiscal 2015, increased sales of brand and generic products, and the strong growth of absg and abcs. additionally, the acquisition of mwi contributed to our revenue growth in the current fiscal year;
• pharmaceutical distribution gross profit increased 13.3% from the prior fiscal year as the result of our strong revenue growth in brand and generic pharmaceuticals in abdc and absg and the incremental income from abdc's participation in the global sourcing arrangement with wbad. gross profit growth in the current fiscal year was adversely impacted by the renewal of our contract with the department of defense ("dod") at less favorable terms and lower generic price appreciation;
• total gross profit was impacted by lifo expense, which was $542.8 million in comparison to $348.1 million in the prior fiscal year. the increase in lifo expense was primarily due to higher brand inflation and lower generic drug deflation resulting from the generics pricing environment;
additionally, these expenses were greater in the current fiscal year due to the addition of mwi;
• total segment operating income increased by 22.0% compared to the prior fiscal year primarily due to the increase in pharmaceutical distribution's gross profit and the addition of mwi; and
results of operations year ended september 30, 2015 compared with year ended september 30, 2014
revenue increased by 13.7% from the prior fiscal year. the increase in revenue was primarily due to increased sales to wba of $7.3 billion from the prior fiscal year. fiscal 2014 revenue included the gradual phase in of the wba generics business beginning in january 2014. excluding the incremental sales to wba, our revenue increased by 7.6% from the prior fiscal year. see discussion below under "pharmaceutical distribution" and "other" for additional commentary regarding our revenue growth.
we currently expect our revenue in fiscal 2016 to increase in the range of 8% and 10%. our future revenue growth will continue to be affected by various factors such as industry growth trends, including the introduction of new innovative brand therapies, the likely increase in the number of generic drugs that will be available over the next few years as a result of the expiration of certain drug patents held by brand-name pharmaceutical manufacturers, general economic conditions in the united states, competition within the industry, customer consolidation, changes in pharmaceutical manufacturer pricing and distribution policies and practices, increased downward pressure on government and other third party reimbursement rates to our customers, and changes in federal government rules and regulations.
pharmaceutical distribution segment the pharmaceutical distribution segment grew its revenue by 12.0% from the prior fiscal year. intrasegment revenues between abdc and absg have been eliminated in the presentation of total pharmaceutical distribution revenue. intrasegment revenues primarily consisted of absg sales directly to abdc customer sites or absg sales to abdc's facilities. intrasegment revenues were $6.4 billion and $4.2 billion in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
abdc's revenue of $113.5 billion increased 11.3% from the prior fiscal year (before intrasegment eliminations). the increase in abdc's revenue was primarily due to increased sales to wba of $7.3 billion in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 (as noted above); increased sales of products that treat hepatitis c; and overall market growth.
absg's revenue of $24.4 billion increased 24.3% from the prior fiscal year (before intrasegment eliminations). the increase in absg's revenue was due to the continued growth in our blood products, vaccine and physician office distribution businesses, the impact of manufacturer shifts of certain infused oncology products from full line distribution to specialty distribution, and growth in oncology product sales (including an increase in sales to community oncologists). excluding the impact of the manufacturer shifts of certain infused oncology products from full line distribution to specialty distribution, absg revenue grew by 15.2% in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015.
a portion of absg's revenue is generated from the distribution of pharmaceuticals to physicians who specialize in a variety of disease states, especially oncology. community oncologists and other specialty physicians that administer drugs under medicare part b have been impacted by lower reimbursement rates for specialty pharmaceutical drugs. absg's business may be adversely impacted in the future by changes in medical guidelines and the medicare reimbursement rates for certain pharmaceuticals, especially oncology drugs administered by physicians. since absg provides a number of services to or through physicians, any changes affecting this service channel could result in revenue reductions. (refer to item 1a. risk factors, in this report, for a more detailed description of this business risk.)
a number of our contracts with customers or group purchasing organizations ("gpos") are typically subject to expiration each year. we may lose a significant customer or gpo relationship if any existing contract with such customer or gpo expires without being extended, renewed, or replaced. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015, no significant contracts expired. over the next twelve months, the two significant contracts scheduled to expire are our contracts with kaiser permanente ("kaiser"), which expires in june 2016, and express scripts, which expires in september 2016. our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows will be negatively impacted if the kaiser or express scripts contracts are not renewed or the terms of the renewed contracts are less favorable than the existing contracts.
gross profit
gains on antitrust litigation settlements                 65,493                 24,436
gross profit                                    $3,529,313             $2,982,366                 18.3%
gross profit increased 18.3%, or $546.9 million, from the prior fiscal year. the increase was due to the increase in pharmaceutical distribution gross profit, the increase in the gross profit of other, and larger gains on antitrust litigation settlements and was offset in part by the $194.7 million increase in lifo expense from the prior fiscal year. the increase in lifo expense was primarily due to higher brand inflation and lower generic drug deflation resulting from the generics pricing environment.
pharmaceutical distribution gross profit increased 13.3%, or $369.9 million, from the prior fiscal year. the increase was due to higher brand and generic sales volume largely attributable to wba (as noted above). gross profit also increased due to the growth of our specialty distribution businesses and an increase in income resulting from our participation in our global sourcing arrangement with wbad. gross profit growth in the current year was adversely impacted by the renewal of our contract with the dod at less favorable terms and lower generic price appreciation. as a percentage of revenue, pharmaceutical distribution gross profit margin of 2.39% in the current fiscal year increased 3 basis points from the prior fiscal year. the increase from the prior fiscal year was primarily due to the increase in abdc and absg sales volume and incremental income from our participation in our global sourcing arrangement with wbad.
gross profit in other increased 61.8%, or $330.8 million, from the prior fiscal year. the increase was primarily due to the contribution of our mwi acquisition, and, to a lesser extent, the increase in abcs and world courier's revenue. as a percentage of revenue, gross profit margin in other of 18.14% in the current fiscal year decreased from 21.84% in the prior fiscal year. the decrease was primarily due to the contribution from our mwi acquisition and the increase in abcs distribution revenue, both of which have a lower gross profit margin in comparison to other businesses within other.
we recognized gains of $65.5 million and $24.4 million from antitrust litigation settlements with pharmaceutical manufacturers during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the gains were recorded as reductions to cost of goods sold (see note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
our cost of goods sold includes a last-in, first-out ("lifo") provision that is affected by changes in inventory quantities, product mix, and manufacturer pricing practices, which may be impacted by market and other external influences, many of which are difficult to predict. we recorded lifo expense of $542.8 million and $348.1 million in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
employee severance, litigation and other                37,894                 8,192
distribution, selling and administrative expenses increased 20.8%, or $330.8 million, from the prior fiscal year, primarily due to the fiscal 2015 acquisition of mwi. in addition, operating expenses during the current fiscal year were higher to support the increase in our revenue, including the wba volume, which was not fully phased in during the prior fiscal year. more specifically, expenses related to payroll (including incentive compensation), delivery and information technology were higher in the current fiscal year. as a percentage of revenue, distribution, selling and administrative expenses were 1.41% in the current fiscal year, and represent an increase of 8 basis points in comparison to the prior fiscal year. the increase was primarily due to our acquisition of mwi, which has higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenue in comparison to pharmaceutical distribution.
depreciation expense increased from the prior fiscal year due to an increase in the amount of capital projects being depreciated. amortization expense increased from prior fiscal year primarily due to the amortization of newly acquired intangible assets resulting from the mwi acquisition.
warrant expense increased significantly from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the increase in our stock price since september 30, 2014. the warrants were issued in march 2013 in connection with the agreements and arrangements that define our strategic relationship with wba. warrant expense is largely dependent upon changes in our stock price, therefore, future warrant expense could fluctuate significantly (refer to "critical accounting policies and estimates — warrants" in this report for a more detailed description of the accounting for the warrants).
employee severance, litigation and other for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 included $32.6 million of deal-related transaction costs (primarily related to professional fees with respect to the mwi acquisition) and $5.3 million of employee severance and other costs. employee severance, litigation and other for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 included $6.3 million of deal-related transaction costs and $1.9 million of employee severance and other costs.
gains on antitrust litigation settlements                     65,493                  24,436
acquisition-related intangibles amortization                 (54,095   )             (23,167   )
employee severance, litigation and other                     (37,894   )              (8,192   )
segment operating income is evaluated before gains on antitrust litigation settlements; lifo expense; acquisition-related intangibles amortization; warrant expense and employee severance, litigation and other.
pharmaceutical distribution operating income increased 17.0%, or $238.9 million, from the prior fiscal year due to the increase in gross profit, offset in part by the increase in operating expenses from the prior fiscal year. as a percentage of revenue, pharmaceutical distribution operating income margin increased 5 basis points from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the increase in abdc and absg sales volume and incremental income from our participation in the global sourcing arrangement with wbad, and was offset in part by the dod contract renewal and a decrease in generic price appreciation.
operating income in other increased 69.0%, or $103.9 million, from the prior fiscal year primarily as a result of the contribution of our fiscal 2015 mwi acquisition.
interest expense, net, increased 28.8%, or $22.1 million, from the prior fiscal year due to an increase of $1.4 billion in average borrowings primarily due to the february 2015 issuance of our $500 million 3.25% senior notes, our $500 million 4.25% senior notes, and our variable-rate term loan borrowing to finance a portion of the mwi acquisition. our average borrowing rate was lower during the current fiscal year primarily as a result of the recent financings, which bear interest at lower rates.
our interest expense in future periods may vary significantly depending upon changes in net borrowings, interest rates, amendments to our current borrowing facilities, and strategic decisions to deploy our invested cash. we currently expect our interest expense in fiscal 2016 to increase due to a full year of borrowings related to the mwi acquisition and the incremental financing to acquire pharmedium.
during fiscal 2015, we recorded an impairment charge of $30.6 million relating to our 19.9% minority ownership interest in a pharmaceutical wholesaler in brazil. the impairment charge was based on our determination that the decline in the pharmaceutical wholesaler's stock price from the date on which the investment was made to september 30, 2015 was other-than-temporary.
year ended september 30, 2014 compared with year ended september 30, 2013
pharmaceutical distribution segment the pharmaceutical distribution segment grew its revenue by 36.4% from the prior fiscal year. intrasegment revenues between abdc and absg have been eliminated in the presentation of total pharmaceutical distribution revenue. these revenues primarily consisted of absg sales directly to abdc customer sites or absg sales to abdc's facilities. total intrasegment revenues were $4.2 billion and $3.4 billion in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
abdc's revenue of $101.9 billion increased 42.0% from the prior fiscal year (before intrasegment eliminations). the increase in abdc's revenue was primarily due to increased sales to wba of $25.0 billion in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014, and increased sales (including new hepatitis c drugs) to some of our other larger customers.
absg's revenue of $19.6 billion increased 11.1% from the prior fiscal year (before intrasegment eliminations) primarily due to increased sales of certain specialty products and growth in its blood products, vaccine, and specialty distribution businesses. the specialty distribution business benefited from sales of an ophthalmology drug.
other revenue in other increased 17.3% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to our distribution business within abcs, which benefited from the launch of two new products in the middle of the prior fiscal year. increased revenue from world courier also contributed to the fiscal 2014 revenue growth.
gross profit
gains on antitrust litigation settlements                 24,436                 22,883
gross profit                                    $2,982,366             $2,507,819                 18.9%
gross profit increased 18.9%, or $474.5 million, from the prior fiscal year.
pharmaceutical distribution gross profit increased 21.9%, or $498.4 million, from the prior fiscal year. this increase was primarily due to the higher brand and generic sales volume to wba, brand and generic price appreciation, and the growth of our non-community oncology specialty distribution businesses. gross profit in fiscal 2014 also benefited from income resulting from our participation in the global sourcing arrangement with wbad. as a percentage of revenue, pharmaceutical distribution gross profit margin of 2.36% in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 decreased 28 basis points from the prior fiscal year. the pharmaceutical distribution gross profit margin decline was primarily due to a significant increase in lower margin business with wba and some of our other larger customers and competitive pressures on customer margins.
gross profit in other increased 9.3%, or $45.7 million, from the prior fiscal year. the increase in gross profit was primarily due to improved gross margin in world courier and higher revenue in abcs' distribution business. as a percentage of revenue, gross profit margin in other of 21.84% decreased from 23.43% in the prior fiscal year. this decrease was primarily due to an increase in abcs' distribution revenue, which has a lower gross profit margin in comparison to other businesses within other. these decreases were offset, in part, by increases in the gross profit margin of world courier.
we recognized gains of $24.4 million and $22.9 million from antitrust litigation settlements with pharmaceutical manufacturers during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. these gains were recorded as reductions to cost of goods sold.
employee severance, litigation and other                 8,192                23,467
distribution, selling and administrative expense increased 19.0%, or $253.5 million, from the prior fiscal year, primarily due to the on-boarding of our distribution agreement with wba. more specifically, expenses related to payroll, information technology, and delivery were higher in the current fiscal year.
depreciation expense increased from the prior fiscal year due to an increase in the amount of capital projects being depreciated. amortization expense was comparable to the prior fiscal year.
employee severance, litigation and other for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 included $6.3 million of deal-related transaction costs and $1.9 million of employee severance and other costs. employee severance, litigation and other for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 included $23.0 million of deal-related transaction costs (primarily related to professional fees with respect to the wba transaction) and $0.5 million of employee severance and facility closure costs.
gains on antitrust litigation settlements                     24,436                  22,883
acquisition-related intangibles amortization                 (23,167   )             (24,387   )
employee severance, litigation and other                      (8,192   )             (23,467   )
segment operating income is evaluated before gains on antitrust litigation settlements; lifo expense; acquisition-related intangibles amortization; warrant expense; and employee severance, litigation and other.
pharmaceutical distribution operating income increased 21.0%, or $243.6 million, from the prior fiscal year due to the increase in gross profit, offset in part by the increase in operating expenses. as a percentage of revenue, pharmaceutical distribution operating income margin declined 15 basis points from the prior fiscal year due to a significant increase in lower margin business with wba and some of our other larger customers.
operating income in other increased 17.6%, or $22.5 million, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the increase in gross profit of world courier.
interest expense, net increased 4.0%, or $3.0 million, from the prior fiscal year due to an increase of $261.3 million in fixed rate average borrowings, due to the may 2014 issuance of our $600 million, 1.15% senior notes and our $500 million, 3.40% senior notes, offset in part by the repayment of our $500 million, 5.875% senior notes in june 2014. in addition, variable rate average borrowings increased $88.1 million to fund seasonal working capital needs and the on-boarding of the wba business.
critical accounting policies and estimates critical accounting policies are those policies which involve accounting estimates and assumptions that can have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations and require the use of complex and subjective estimates based upon past experience and management's judgment. actual results may differ from these estimates due to uncertainties inherent in such estimates. below are those policies applied in preparing our financial statements that management believes are the most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions. for a complete list of significant accounting policies, see note 1 of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
allowance for doubtful accounts and reserve for customer sales returns trade receivables are primarily comprised of amounts owed to us for our pharmaceutical distribution and services activities and are presented net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and a reserve for customer sales returns. our customer sales return policy generally allows customers to return products only if the products can be resold at full value or returned to suppliers for full credit. we record an accrual for estimated customer sales returns at the time of sale to the customer based upon historical customer return trends.
in determining the appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts, we consider a combination of factors, such as the aging of trade receivables, industry trends, and our customers' financial strength, credit standing, and payment and default history. changes in the aforementioned factors, among others, may lead to adjustments in our allowance for doubtful accounts. the calculation of the required allowance requires judgment by our management as to the impact of these and other factors on the ultimate realization of our trade receivables. each of our business units performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition and maintains reserves for probable bad debt losses based on historical experience and for specific credit problems when they arise. we write off balances against the reserves when collectability is deemed remote. each business unit performs formal documented reviews of the allowance at least quarterly and our largest business units perform such reviews monthly. there were no significant changes to this process during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015, 2014, and 2013 and bad debt expense was computed in a consistent manner during these periods. the bad debt expense for any period presented is equal to the changes in the period end allowance for doubtful accounts, net of write-offs, recoveries and other adjustments. schedule ii of this form 10-k sets forth a rollforward of the allowance for doubtful accounts and reserve for customer sales returns.
supplier reserves we establish reserves against amounts due from our suppliers relating to various price and rebate incentives, including deductions or billings taken against payments otherwise due to them. these reserve estimates are established based on the judgment of management after carefully considering the status of current outstanding claims, historical experience with the suppliers, the specific incentive programs and any other pertinent information available to us. we evaluate the amounts due from our suppliers on a continual basis and adjust the reserve estimates when appropriate based on changes in factual circumstances. an increase or decrease of 0.1% in the 2015 supplier reserve balances as a percentage of trade payables would result in an increase or decrease in cost of goods sold by approximately $20.9 million. the ultimate outcome of any outstanding claim may be different from our estimate.
loss contingencies in the ordinary course of business, we become involved in lawsuits, administrative proceedings, government subpoenas, and government investigations, including antitrust, commercial, environmental, product liability, intellectual property, regulatory, employment discrimination, and other matters. significant damages or penalties may be sought in some matters, and some matters may require years to resolve. we record a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. we also perform an assessment of the materiality of loss contingencies where a loss is either not probable or it is reasonably possible that a loss could be incurred in excess of amounts accrued. if a loss or an additional loss has at least a reasonable possibility of occurring and the impact on the financial statements would be material, we provide disclosure of the loss contingency in the footnotes to our financial statements. we review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or the range of the loss can be made.
merchandise inventories inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. cost for approximately 80% and 84% of our inventories at september 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively, has been determined using the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method. if we had used the first-in, first-out ("fifo") method of inventory valuation, which approximates current replacement cost, inventories would have been approximately $1.4 billion and $881.8 million higher than the amounts reported at september 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we recorded a lifo charge of $542.8 million, $348.1 million, and $277.0 million in fiscal 2015, 2014, and 2013 respectively. the annual lifo provision is affected by changes in inventory quantities, product mix, and manufacturer pricing practices, which may be impacted by market and other external influences, many of which are difficult to predict.
equity investments we use the equity method of accounting for our investments in entities in which we have significant influence; generally, this represents an ownership interest of between 20% and 50%. unrealized losses that are determined to be other-than-temporary impairment losses are recorded as a component of earnings in the period in which that determination is made. we recorded an impairment charge of $30.6 million in fiscal 2015 related to our minority ownership interest in a pharmaceutical wholesaler in brazil. the impairment charge was based on our determination that the decline in the pharmaceutical wholesaler's stock price from the date on which the investment was made to september 30, 2015 was other-than-temporary. there were no impairment charges on equity investments in fiscal 2014 or 2013.
business combinations the purchase price of an acquired company, including the fair value of any contingent consideration, is allocated between tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed from the acquired business based on their estimated fair values, with the residual of the purchase price recorded as goodwill. we engage third party appraisal firms to assist management in determining the fair values of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed. such valuations require management to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. management makes estimates of fair value based upon assumptions it believes to be reasonable. these estimates are based on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies, and are inherently uncertain. critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets include but are not limited to: future expected cash flows from and economic lives of customer relationships, trade names, existing technology, and other intangible assets; and discount rates. unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual events.
goodwill and intangible assets goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, primarily trademarks and trade names, are not amortized; rather, they are tested for impairment at least annually. for the purpose of these impairment tests, we can elect to perform a qualitative analysis to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair values of its reporting units and indefinite lived intangible assets are less than the respective carrying values of those reporting units and indefinite lived intangible assets. we elected to bypass performing the qualitative screen and went directly to performing the first step quantitative analysis of the goodwill and indefinite lived intangible asset impairment tests in the current year. we may elect to perform the qualitative analysis in future periods.
the first step in the quantitative process for the goodwill impairment test is to compare the carrying amount of the reporting unit's net assets to the fair value of the reporting unit. if the fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is required and no impairment loss is recognized. if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, then the second step must be completed, which involves allocating the fair value of the reporting unit to each asset and liability, with the excess being implied goodwill. an impairment loss occurs if the amount of the recorded goodwill exceeds the implied goodwill. we would be required to record any such impairment losses.
we identify our reporting units at the operating segment level. generally, goodwill arises from acquisitions of specific operating companies and is assigned to the reporting unit in which a particular operating company resides.
we utilize a combination of income and market-based approaches to value the reporting units. the income approach to valuation relies on a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of each reporting unit, which considers forecasted cash flows discounted at an appropriate discount rate. we believe that market participants would use a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of its reporting units in a sale transaction. the annual goodwill impairment test requires us to make a number of assumptions and estimates concerning future levels of revenue growth, operating margins, depreciation, amortization and working capital requirements, which are based upon our long-range plan. the discount rate is an estimate of the overall after-tax rate of return required by a market participant whose weighted average cost of capital includes both equity and debt, including a risk premium. while we use the best available information to prepare our cash flow and discount rate assumptions, actual future cash flows or market conditions could differ significantly resulting in future impairment charges related to recorded goodwill balances. while there are always changes in assumptions to reflect changing business and market conditions, our overall methodology and the population of assumptions used have remained unchanged.
the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangibles other than goodwill (primarily trademarks and trade names) consists of a comparison of the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to the carrying value of the asset as of the impairment testing date. we estimate the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangibles using the relief from royalty method. we believe the relief from royalty method is a widely used valuation technique for such assets. the fair value derived from the relief from royalty method is measured as the discounted cash flow savings realized from owning such trademarks and trade names and not having to pay a royalty for their use.
we completed our required annual impairment tests relating to goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, 2014, and 2013, and determined that there were no impairments.
share-based compensation we utilize a binomial option pricing model to determine the fair value of share-based compensation expense, which involves the use of several assumptions, including expected term of the option, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, and forfeiture rate. the expected term of options represents the period of time that the options granted are expected to be outstanding and is based on historical experience. expected volatility is based on historical volatility of our common stock as well as other factors, such as implied volatility. the fair value of performance stock units is determined by the grant date market price of our common stock and the compensation expense associated with the non-vested performance stock units is dependent on our periodic assessment of the probability of the targets being achieved and our estimate of the number of shares that will ultimately be issued.
warrants we account for the warrants issued to subsidiaries of wba in accordance with the guidance for equity-based payments to non-employees. the various agreements and arrangements with wba established various performance commitments that they must satisfy during the vesting periods of the warrants, and if not fulfilled, we have the right to cancel the warrants. using a binomial lattice model approach, the fair value of the warrants was initially measured at the date of issuance, and is being expensed over the three and four year vesting periods as an operating expense. the fair value of the warrants is re-measured at the end of each quarterly reporting period, and an adjustment is recorded in the statement of operations to record the impact as if the newly measured fair value of the awards had been used in recognizing expense starting when the awards were originally issued and through the remeasurement date. in total, the warrants were valued at $1,917.9 million as of september 30, 2015. the valuation of the warrants considers our common stock price and various assumptions, such as the volatility of our common stock, the expected remaining life of the warrants, the expected dividend yield, and the risk-free interest rate. as a result, future warrant expense could fluctuate significantly.
income taxes our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and uncertain tax positions reflect management's assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid on items in the financial statements. deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities, as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for tax purposes.
we have established a valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets for which the ultimate realization of future benefits is uncertain. expiring carryforwards and the required valuation allowances are adjusted annually. after application of the valuation allowances described above, we anticipate that no limitations will apply with respect to utilization of any of the other deferred income tax assets described above.
we prepare and file tax returns based on our interpretation of tax laws and regulations and record estimates based on these judgments and interpretations. in the normal course of business, our tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. such examinations may result in future tax and interest assessments by these taxing authorities. inherent uncertainties exist in estimates of tax contingencies due to changes in tax law resulting from legislation, regulation and/or as concluded through the various jurisdictions' tax court systems. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position.
we believe that our estimates for the valuation allowances against deferred tax assets and the amount of benefits recognized in our financial statements for uncertain tax positions are appropriate based on current facts and circumstances. however, others applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop a different estimate and the amount ultimately paid upon resolution of issues raised may differ from the amounts accrued.
liquidity and capital resources the following table illustrates our debt structure at september 30, 2015, including availability under the multi-currency revolving credit facility, the receivables securitization facility, the revolving credit note and the overdraft facility (in thousands):
multi-currency revolving credit facility due 2019               —                       1,400,000
receivables securitization facility due 2017                    —                       950,000
revolving credit note                                           —                       75,000
overdraft facility (£20,000)                                    —                       30,256
along with our cash balances, our aggregate availability under our multi-currency revolving credit facility, our receivables securitization facility, our revolving credit note, and our overdraft facility provide us sufficient sources of capital to fund our working capital requirements and other strategic initiatives. we have increased seasonal needs related to our inventory build during the december and march quarters that, depending on our cash balance, can require the use of our credit facilities to fund short-term capital needs. our cash balances in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015 and 2014 needed to be supplemented by intra-period credit facility borrowings to cover short-term working capital needs, which were higher in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 due to the on-boarding of the wba business. the greatest amount of intra-period borrowings under our revolving and securitization credit facilities that were outstanding at any one time during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015 and 2014 was $15.9 million and $1.1 billion, respectively. the $111.1 million and $17.6 billion of cumulative intra-period borrowings under our revolving and securitization credit facilities during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively, were fully repaid by the end of each fiscal year.
we have a $1.4 billion multi-currency senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which was scheduled to expire in august 2019, (the "multi-currency revolving credit facility") with a syndicate of lenders. in november 2015, we entered into an amendment with the syndicate of lenders to extend the maturity date to november 2020. interest on borrowings under the multi-currency revolving credit facility accrues at specified rates based on our debt rating and ranges from 69 basis points to 110 basis points over libor/euribor/bankers acceptance stamping fee, as applicable (90 basis points over libor / euribor / bankers acceptance stamping fee at september 30, 2015). additionally, interest on borrowings denominated in canadian dollars may accrue at the greater of the canadian prime rate or the cdor rate. we pay facility fees to maintain the availability under the multi-currency revolving credit facility at specified rates based on our debt rating, ranging from 6 basis points to 15 basis points, annually, of the total commitment (10 basis points at september 30, 2015). we may choose to repay or reduce our commitments under the multi-currency revolving credit facility at any time. the multi-currency revolving credit facility contains covenants, including compliance with a financial leverage ratio test, as well as others that impose limitations on, among other things, indebtedness of excluded subsidiaries and asset sales, which we are compliant with as of september 30, 2015.
we have a commercial paper program whereby we may from time to time issue short-term promissory notes in an aggregate amount of up to $1.4 billion at any one time. amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid, and re-borrowed from time to time. the maturities on the notes will vary, but may not exceed 365 days from the date of issuance. the notes will bear interest rates, if interest bearing, or will be sold at a discount from their face amounts. the commercial paper program does not increase our borrowing capacity as it is fully backed by our multi-currency revolving credit facility. there were no borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program at september 30, 2015.
we have a $950 million receivables securitization facility ("receivables securitization facility"), which was scheduled to expire in december 2017. in november 2015, we extended the maturity date to november 2018. we have available to us an accordion feature whereby the commitment on the receivables securitization facility may be increased by up to $250 million, subject to lender approval, for seasonal needs during the december and march quarters. interest rates are based on prevailing market rates for short-term commercial paper or libor plus a program fee. we pay a customary unused fee at prevailing market rates, annually, to maintain the availability under the receivables securitization facility. the receivables securitization facility contains similar covenants to the multi-currency revolving credit facility, which we are compliant with as of september 30, 2015.
in connection with the receivables securitization facility, abdc sells on a revolving basis certain accounts receivable to amerisource receivables financial corporation, a wholly-owned special purpose entity, which in turn sells a percentage ownership interest in the receivables to financial institutions and commercial paper conduits sponsored by financial institutions. abdc is the servicer of the accounts receivable under the receivables securitization facility. after the maximum limit of receivables sold has been reached and as sold receivables are collected, additional receivables may be sold up to the maximum amount available under the facility. we use the facility as a financing vehicle because it generally offers an attractive interest rate relative to other financing sources.
we have an uncommitted, unsecured line of credit available to us pursuant to a revolving credit note ("revolving credit note"). the revolving credit note provides us with the ability to request short-term unsecured revolving credit loans from time to time in a principal amount not to exceed $75 million. the revolving credit note may be decreased or terminated by the bank or us at any time without prior notice. we also has an uncommitted u.k. overdraft facility ("overdraft facility"), which allows us to borrow up to £20 million to fund short term normal trading cycle fluctuations related to our mwi business. the overdraft facility expires in november 2016.
in february 2015, we entered into a $1.0 billion term loan credit agreement ("term loan"), which matures in 2020. the term loan is subject to quarterly principal payments equal to (1) 1.25% of the aggregate principal amount of the term loan beginning with the first quarterly principal payment in june 2015 to and including march 2018, and (2) thereafter, 2.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the term loan, with the remaining balance of the term loan due upon maturity. in fiscal 2015, we elected to make early principal payments totaling $500 million on the term loan, $25.0 million of which was scheduled to be paid in fiscal 2015. the payments were applied in direct order to scheduled principal payments, and as a result, our next required principal payment is due upon maturity. the term loan will bear interest at a rate equal either to a base rate plus a margin or a libor rate plus a margin. the margin will be based on our public debt ratings and ranges from 75 basis points to 125 basis points over a libor rate (100 basis points at september 30, 2015) and 0 to 25 basis points over a base rate. the term loan contains similar covenants to the multi-currency revolving credit facility, with which we are compliant as of september 30, 2015.
in february 2015, we issued $500 million of 3.25% senior notes due march 1, 2025 (the "2025 notes") and $500 million of 4.25% senior notes due march 1, 2045 (the "2045 notes"). the 2025 notes were sold at 99.47% of the principal amount and have an effective yield of 3.31%. the 2045 notes were sold at 99.81% of the principal amount and have an effective yield of 4.26%. the interest on the 2025 and 2045 notes is payable semi-annually in arrears, commencing on september 1, 2015. the 2025 and 2045 notes rank pari passu to the multi-currency revolving credit facility, the revolving credit note, the 2017 notes, the 2019 notes, the 2021 notes, and the 2024 notes. we used the proceeds from the term loan, the 2025 notes and the 2045 notes to finance a portion of the $2.6 billion purchase price of mwi.
in november 2015, we entered into a $1.0 billion term loan credit agreement (the "term loan credit agreement"), which matures in 2020. the term loan credit agreement is subject to quarterly principal payments of $25 million on the last business day of each march, june, september and december, commencing in march 2016. the remaining unpaid principal amount of the term loan credit agreement is due on the maturity date. the term loan credit agreement will bear interest at a rate equal either to a base rate, plus a margin, or a libor, plus a margin. the margin will be based on our public debt ratings and ranges from 0 basis points to 25 basis points over a base rate, and ranges from 75 basis points to 125 basis points over libor. the term loan credit agreement contains similar covenants to the term loan, with which we are compliant as of september 30, 2015. we used the proceeds from the term loan credit agreement to repay funding sources used to finance a portion of the cash consideration paid in connection with the acquisition of pharmedium.
our operating results have generated cash flow, which, together with availability under our debt agreements and credit terms from suppliers, has provided sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, repayment of debt, the payment of interest on outstanding debt, dividends, repurchases of shares of our common stock, and our hedging strategy (see below for further details).
our primary ongoing cash requirements will be to finance working capital, fund the repayment of debt, fund the payment of interest on debt, fund repurchases of our common stock, fund the payment of dividends, finance acquisitions, and fund capital expenditures and routine growth and expansion through new business opportunities. future cash flows from operations and borrowings are expected to be sufficient to fund our ongoing cash requirements.
in august 2013, our board of directors approved a program allowing us to purchase up to $750 million in shares of our common stock, subject to market conditions. during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015 and 2014, we purchased $300.8 million and $174.7 million, respectively, of our common stock under this share repurchase program. as of september 30, 2015, we had $274.5 million of availability remaining on the $750 million repurchase program. we currently expect to reduce purchases of our common stock in fiscal 2016.
if subsidiaries of wba exercise their right to purchase our common stock pursuant to the warrants that we issued to them, the future issuances of shares of our common stock upon exercise of the warrants will dilute the ownership interests of our then-existing stockholders and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. we have taken steps to mitigate the potentially dilutive effect that the exercise of the warrants could have by hedging a portion of our future obligation to deliver common stock with a financial institution and repurchasing additional shares of our common stock for our own account over time.
in june 2013, we commenced our hedging strategy by entering into a contract with a financial institution pursuant to which it has executed a series of issuer capped call transactions ("capped calls"). the capped calls give us the right to shares of our common stock subject to the warrants at specified prices at maturity, should the warrants be exercised in 2016 and 2017 and were initially intended to cover approximately 60% of the shares subject to the warrants at the time we entered into the transactions. if the warrants are exercised, we will use a majority of the proceeds to repurchase our shares under the capped calls. if our share price exceeds the "cap" price in the capped calls at the time the warrants are exercised, the number of shares that will be delivered to us under the capped calls will be reduced, and accordingly, will cover less than 60% of the shares of common stock subject to the warrants. in addition, if our future share price at the exercise dates is lower than our breakeven share price, then our purchase of the capped calls will have been an ineffective use of capital. we completed this hedge transaction in january 2014. in total, under this hedge transaction, we purchased capped calls on 27.2 million shares of our common stock for a total premium of $368.7 million.
based upon our recent share price, the number of shares of common stock we expect to receive under the capped calls at maturity has been reduced. therefore, we amended certain of the capped calls to increase their "cap" price to continue to address the potentially dilutive effect of the warrants. we paid a premium of $100.0 million in january 2015 to increase the cap price on certain of the capped calls subject to the warrants that become exercisable in 2016.
in may 2014, our board of directors approved a special share repurchase program allowing us to purchase up to $650 million in shares of our common stock, subject to market conditions, to further mitigate the potentially dilutive effect of the warrants and supplements our previously executed warrant hedging strategy. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015, we purchased $398.0 million under this program, which excluded $18.0 million of fiscal 2014 purchases that cash settled in october 2014, to complete our authorization under this program.
in march 2015, we supplemented our hedging strategy by entering into a contract with a financial institution pursuant to which it has executed a series of issuer call options ("call options"). the call options give us the right to buy shares of our common stock subject to the warrants at specified prices between april 2015 and october 2015. in total, we purchased call options on six million shares of our common stock for a total premium of $80.0 million. in fiscal 2015, we exercised 4.5 million of the call options for $427.5 million, which reduced the availability under our special share repurchase programs.
in april 2015, our board of directors approved a new special share repurchase program allowing us to repurchase up to $1.0 billion in shares of our common stock, subject to market conditions. in fiscal 2015, we purchased $1.0 billion of our common stock under this program to complete our authorization under this program. in september 2015, our board of directors approved a new special share repurchase program allowing us to repurchase up to $2.4 billion in shares of our common stock, subject to market conditions, to further mitigate the potentially dilutive effect of the warrants as part of our warrant hedging strategy. in fiscal 2015, we purchased $124.1 million of our common stock under this program. as of september 30, 2015, we had $2,275.9 million of availability remaining on this program. availability under our new special share repurchase program is reduced by share repurchases, if any, of our common stock on the open market under the special program as well as share repurchases related to the company's exercise of call options and/or capped calls.
based on the closing price of our common stock on september 30, 2015, the capped calls associated with the warrants exercisable in 2016 would have covered approximately 56% of the shares subject to the warrants and the capped calls associated with the warrants exercisable in 2017 would have covered approximately 50% of the shares subject to the warrants. adding the shares repurchased through september 30, 2015 under the special share repurchase programs, we would have covered 100% of the warrants exercisable in 2016 and approximately 89% of the warrants exercisable in 2017. for every five dollar increase in the price of our common stock, the coverage provided by the capped calls on each warrant will decrease by approximately two percent, and for every five dollar decrease in the price of our common stock, the coverage provided by the capped calls on each warrant will increase by approximately two percent.
to the extent the capped calls, share repurchases and call options do not fully mitigate the dilutive effect of the warrants, we intend to consider repurchasing additional shares of our common stock and other measures, which may include additional amendments to the capped calls or the purchase of additional call options. the amount of dilution that we would be able to mitigate will depend on the relative costs and benefits of such a transaction, considering factors such as: our financial performance, the current and future share price of our common stock, our expected cash flows, competing priorities for capital, and overall market conditions.
following is a summary of our contractual obligations for future principal and interest payments on our debt, minimum rental payments on our noncancelable operating leases and minimum payments on our other commitments at september 30, 2015 (in thousands):
other commitments                               97,659               46,737              46,792                4,130                   —
we have outsourced to ibm global services ("ibm") a significant portion of our corporate and abdc information technology activities. the remaining commitment under our arrangement, as amended in june 2015, which expires in june 2018, is approximately $77.6 million as of september 30, 2015, of which $38.9 million represents our commitment in fiscal 2016, and is included in "other commitments" in the above table.
our liability for uncertain tax positions was $52.8 million (including interest and penalties) as of september 30, 2015. this liability represents an estimate of tax positions that we have taken in our tax returns which may ultimately not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. since the amount and timing of any future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty, the estimated liability has been excluded from the above contractual obligations table.
during fiscal 2015, our operating activities provided $3,920.4 million of cash in comparison to cash provided of $1,463.2 million in the prior fiscal year. cash provided by operations in fiscal 2015 was principally the result of an increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and income taxes of $5,125.9 million and non-cash items of $1,286.1 million, offset, in part, by the loss from continuing operations of $134.9 million, an increase in accounts receivable of $1,478.8 million, and an increase in merchandise inventories of $836.4 million. the non-cash items were comprised primarily of $912.7 million of warrant expense. the increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and income taxes was primarily driven by the increase in merchandise inventories and the timing of payments to our suppliers. accounts receivable increased from september 30, 2014, reflecting our increased revenue volume, including additional sales to wba. we also increased our merchandise inventories at september 30, 2015 to support the increase in business volume.
deterioration in general economic conditions could adversely affect the amount of prescriptions that are filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers and, therefore, could reduce purchases by our customers. in addition, volatility in financial markets may also negatively impact our customers' ability to obtain credit to finance their businesses on acceptable terms. reduced purchases by our customers or changes in the ability of our customers to remit payments to us could adversely affect our revenue growth, our profitability, and our cash flow from operations.
we use days sales outstanding, days inventory on hand, and days payable outstanding to evaluate our working capital performance. the below financial metrics are calculated based upon an annual average and can be impacted by the timing of cash receipts and disbursements, which can vary significantly depending upon the day of the week in which the month ends.
the increase in days payable outstanding from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015 has benefited from the increase in purchases of generic pharmaceuticals, which have longer payment terms than brand-name pharmaceuticals.
our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based on fluctuations in our period end working capital. operating cash uses during fiscal 2015 included $91.5 million of interest payments and $299.6 million of income tax payments, net of refunds.
during fiscal 2014, our operating activities provided $1,463.2 million of cash in comparison to cash provided of $788.1 million in fiscal 2013. cash provided by operations in fiscal 2014 was principally the result of income from continuing operations of $284.0 million, an increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and income taxes of $2,317.6 million and non-cash items of $750.9 million, offset, in part, by an increase in accounts receivable of $938.3 million and an increase in merchandise inventories of $956.5 million. accounts receivable increased from september 30, 2013 as the result of increased volume associated with our new wba business. we also increased our merchandise inventories at september 30, 2014 to support the increased volume due to the new wba business. the $2,317.6 million increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and income taxes was primarily driven by the increase in merchandise inventories and the timing of payments to our suppliers.
capital expenditures in fiscal 2015, 2014, and 2013 were $231.6 million, $264.5 million, and $202.5 million, respectively. significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2015 included technology initiatives, including costs related to the further development of our primary enterprise resource planning ("erp") system, costs associated with building our new national distribution center, and expansion of support facilities. significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2014 included infrastructure and technology-related costs to on-board the incremental wba distribution volume, costs associated with building our new national distribution center, and other technology initiatives, including costs related to the further development of our primary erp system. significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2013 included the purchase of one of our leased distribution facilities, technology initiatives including costs related to the further development of our erp system, technology-related costs to on-board the incremental wba distribution volume, and expansion costs related to one of abdc's facilities.
we currently expect to spend approximately $400 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2016. several of the larger 2016 capital expenditures include building a new distribution center and replacing or upgrading existing distribution centers, and information system investments to support a data center consolidation and a new operating system for one of our business units.
in fiscal 2014, we invested $117.8 million to acquire a minority ownership interest in a pharmaceutical wholesaler in brazil and to form a specialty joint venture with the same entity. in may 2013, we divested ab and received $306.5 million of cash, net of a working capital adjustment, and divested abcc and received $23.5 million of cash.
net cash provided by financing activities in fiscal 2015 included $1.0 billion of borrowings under our term loan and $996.4 million of proceeds received related to the february 2015 issuance of our 2025 notes and 2045 notes. we used the proceeds from these financing activities to fund a portion of our february 2015 acquisition of mwi, a leading animal health distribution company in the united states and in the united kingdom for a price of $190.00 per share, or $2.6 billion in total.
in fiscal 2015, 2014, and 2013, we paid $1.9 billion, $753.9 million, and $484.2 million, respectively, for purchases of our common stock. in fiscal 2015, 2014, and 2013, we paid $180.0 million, $211.4 million and $157.3 million, respectively, to purchase or amend capped calls and call options, to hedge the potential dilution associated with the warrants upon their exercise.
we anticipate that we will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. however, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors.
market risk we have market risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations relating to our debt. we manage interest rate risk by using a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. the amount of variable-rate debt fluctuates during the year based on our working capital requirements. in fiscal 2015, we used a $1.0 billion variable rate term loan to finance a portion of the mwi acquisition price. in fiscal 2015, we elected to make early principal payments totaling $500 million on the new term loan. we periodically evaluate financial instruments to manage our exposure to fixed and variable interest rates. however, there are no assurances that such instruments will be available in the combinations we want and on terms acceptable to us. there were no such financial instruments in effect at september 30, 2015.
we are exposed to foreign currency and exchange rate risk from our non-u.s. operations. our largest exposure to foreign exchange rates exists primarily with the euro, the u.k. pound sterling, canadian dollar, and the brazilian real. we may utilize foreign currency denominated forward contracts to hedge against changes in foreign exchange rates. we may use derivative instruments to hedge our foreign currency exposure, but not for speculative or trading purposes. as of september 30, 2015, we had one foreign currency denominated contract outstanding that hedges the foreign currency exchange risk of a c$50.0 million note that we received in conjunction with the sale of a canadian business in may 2013.
changes in the price and volatility of our common stock may have a significant impact on the fair value of the warrants issued to subsidiaries of wba (see note 8). as of september 30, 2015, a one dollar change in our common stock, holding other assumptions constant, would increase or decrease the fair value of the warrants by approximately $44 million and a one percent change in volatility, holding other assumptions constant, would have approximately $1 million of an impact on the fair value of the warrants.
cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements certain of the statements contained in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") and elsewhere in this report are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. words such as "expect," "likely," "outlook," "forecast," "would," "could," "should," "can," "will," "project," "intend," "plan," "continue," "sustain," "synergy," "on track," "believe," "seek," "estimate," "anticipate," "may," "possible," "assume," variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. these statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and change in circumstances. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and are based on assumptions that could prove incorrect or could cause actual results to vary materially from those indicated. among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated, or implied are the following: competition; industry consolidation of both customers and suppliers resulting in increasing pressure to reduce prices for our products and services; changes in pharmaceutical market growth rates; price inflation in branded and generic pharmaceuticals, and price deflation in generics; declining economic conditions in the united states and abroad; financial market volatility and disruption; substantial defaults in payment, material reduction in purchases by or the loss, bankruptcy or insolvency of a major customer; the loss, bankruptcy or insolvency of a major supplier; changes to the customer or supplier mix; the retention of key customer or supplier relationships under less favorable economics or the adverse resolution of any contract or other dispute with customers or suppliers; interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; the disruption of amerisourcebergen's cash flow and ability to return value to its stockholders in accordance with its past practices; risks associated with the strategic, long-term relationship between walgreen boots alliance, inc. and amerisourcebergen, including with respect to the pharmaceutical distribution agreement and/or the global sourcing arrangement; risks associated with the potential impact on amerisourcebergen's earnings per share resulting from the issuance of the warrants to subsidiaries of walgreen boots alliance, inc. (the "warrants"); amerisourcebergen's inability to fully implement its hedging strategy to mitigate the potentially dilutive effect of the issuance of its common stock in accordance with the warrants under its special share repurchase program due to its financial performance, the current and future share price of its common stock, its expected cash flows, competing priorities for capital, and overall market conditions; changes in the united states healthcare and regulatory environment; increasing governmental regulations regarding the pharmaceutical supply channel and pharmaceutical compounding; federal and state government enforcement initiatives to detect and prevent suspicious orders of controlled substances and the diversion of controlled substances; federal and state prosecution of alleged violations of related laws and regulations, and any related litigation, including shareholder derivative lawsuits or other disputes relating to our distribution of controlled substances; increased federal scrutiny and qui tam litigation for alleged violations of fraud and abuse laws and regulations and/or any other laws and regulations governing the marketing, sale, purchase and/or dispensing of pharmaceutical products or services and any related litigation; material adverse resolution of pending legal proceedings; declining reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals; the acquisition of businesses that do not perform as expected, or that are difficult to integrate or control, including the integration of mwi and pharmedium, or the inability to capture all of the anticipated synergies related thereto; managing foreign expansion, including non-compliance with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, anti-bribery laws and economic sanctions and import laws and regulations; malfunction, failure or breach of sophisticated information systems to operate as designed; risks generally associated with data privacy regulation and the international transfer of personal data; changes in tax laws or legislative initiatives that could adversely affect amerisourcebergen's tax positions and/or amerisourcebergen's tax liabilities or adverse resolution of challenges to amerisourcebergen's tax positions; natural disasters or other unexpected events that affect amerisourcebergen's operations; the impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, resulting in a charge to earnings; errors in the production, labeling or packaging of products compounded by our compounded sterile preparations (csp) business; and other economic, business, competitive, legal, tax, regulatory and/or operational factors affecting amerisourcebergen's business generally. certain additional factors that management believes could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth elsewhere in this md&a, in item 1a (risk factors), item 1 (business) and elsewhere in this report.
item 7a.    quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk the company's most significant market risks are the effects of changing interest rates, foreign currency risk, and the changes in the price of the company's common stock. see discussion on page 42 under the heading "market risk," which is incorporated by reference herein.