item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
executive summary we are a leading provider of information technology (it), consulting and business process services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. our clients engage us to help them operate more efficiently, provide solutions for critical business and technology problems, and to help them drive technology-based innovation and growth. our core competencies include: business, process, operations and it consulting, application development and systems integration, enterprise information management, application testing, application maintenance, it infrastructure services, and business process services. we tailor our services to specific industries and utilize an integrated global delivery model. this seamless global sourcing model combines industry-specific expertise, client service teams based on-site at the client locations and delivery teams located at dedicated near-shore and offshore global delivery centers.
the following table sets forth key financial results for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014:
(dollars in millions, except per share data)
•   our november 2014 acquisition of tz us parent inc., or trizetto, contributed revenue of approximately $724.5 million in 2015 compared to $80.6 million in 2014;
•   solid performance across all of our business segments with revenue growth of 16.7% for financial services, 36.4% for healthcare (inclusive of trizetto revenue), 12.0% for manufacturing/retail/logistics and 17.4% for other;
•   sustained strength in the north american market where revenues grew 23.9% (inclusive of trizetto revenue) as compared to 2014;
•   continued penetration of the european and rest of world (primarily the asia pacific) markets. revenue from our customers outside the united states was negatively affected by the recent strength of the u.s. dollar against the british pound, the euro and other currencies. in europe, we experienced revenue growth of 6.6%, after a negative currency impact of 10.2%, as compared to 2014. revenue from our rest of world customers increased 29.9%, after a negative currency impact of 9.2%, as compared to 2014;
•   increased customer spending on discretionary projects;
•   expansion of our service offerings, including consulting, infrastructure services, and business process services, which enabled us to cross-sell new services to our customers and meet the rapidly growing demand for complex large-scale outsourcing solutions;
•   increased penetration at existing customers, including strategic clients; and
•   continued expansion of the market for global delivery of it and business process services.
in december 2015, chennai, india experienced heavy rains that caused unprecedented flooding.  this event did not materially impact our financial results for the three months and year ended december 31, 2015 and we do not expect it to materially affect our 2016 financial results.
1   non-gaap diluted earnings per share is not a measurement of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures.
we saw a continued demand from our customers for a broad range of services, including it strategy and business consulting, application development and systems integration, enterprise information management, application testing, application maintenance, infrastructure services, and business process services. in addition, we are seeing continued customer interest in digital solutions, including our social, mobile, analytics and cloud-based services and increased demand for mobility, data and security services. we are also seeing an increase in demand for larger, more complex projects that are transformational for our customers. such contracts may have longer sales cycles and ramp-up periods and could lead to greater variability in our period-to-period operating results. we increased the number of strategic clients by 29 during the year, bringing the total number of our strategic clients to 300. we define a strategic client as one offering the potential to generate at least $5 million to $50 million or more in annual revenues at maturity.
in 2015, our operating margin decreased to 17.3% from 18.4% in 2014. the decrease in our operating margin was due to increases in compensation and benefit costs (inclusive of the impact of higher incentive-based compensation) and increases in depreciation and amortization due to recent acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar, lower realized losses on our cash flow hedges and decreases in certain operating expenses, including travel, in 2015 compared to 2014.
our non-gaap operating margin in 2015 decreased to 19.7%2 from 20.2%2 in 2014. the decrease in our non-gaap operating margin was due to increases in compensation and benefit costs (inclusive of the impact of higher incentive-based compensation), partially offset by the impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar, lower realized losses on our cash flow hedges and decreases in certain operating expenses, including travel, in 2015 compared to 2014. historically, we have invested our profitability above the 19% to 20% non-gaap operating margin level back into our business, which we believe is a significant contributing factor to our strong revenue growth. this investment is primarily focused in the areas of hiring client partners and relationship personnel with specific industry experience or domain expertise, training our technical staff in a broader range of service offerings, strengthening our business analytics and digital technology capabilities, strengthening and expanding our portfolio of services, continuing to expand our geographic presence for both sales and delivery, as well as recognizing and rewarding employee performance by means of enhanced incentive-based compensation. in addition, this investment includes maintaining a level of resources, trained in a broad range of service offerings, to be well positioned to respond to our customer requests to take on additional projects. we expect to continue to invest amounts in excess of our targeted operating margin levels back into the business.
we finished the year with approximately 221,700 employees, which is an increase of approximately 10,200 over the prior year. the increase in the number of our service delivery staff and the related infrastructure costs to meet the demand for our services is the primary driver of the increase in our operating expenses in 2015. annualized turnover, including both voluntary and involuntary, was approximately 19.1% for the three months ended december 31, 2015. the majority of our turnover occurs in india. as a result, annualized attrition rates on-site at clients are below our global attrition rate. in addition, attrition is weighted towards the more junior members of our staff. we have experienced increases in compensation and benefit costs, including incentive-based compensation costs, in india, which may continue in the future; however, historically, this has not had a material impact on our results of operations as we have been able to absorb such cost increases through price increases or cost management strategies such as managing discretionary costs, the mix of our professional staff as well as utilization levels, and achieving other operating efficiencies.
at december 31, 2015, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $4,949.5 million, working capital of $5,194.9 million and debt outstanding of $1,287.5 million. we believe our cash from operations and capital resources on hand provide sufficient liquidity to continue to make investments to expand and grow our business, and meet our debt repayment obligations.
2   non-gaap operating margin is not a measurement of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures.
during 2016, barring any unforeseen events, we expect the following factors to affect our business and our operating results:
•   demand from our customers to help them meet their dual mandate of achieving cost savings while investing in transformation and innovation;
•   continued focus by customers on directing it spending towards cost containment projects, such as application maintenance, infrastructure services and business process services;
•   secular changes driven by evolving digital technologies and regulatory changes;
•   volatility in foreign currency rates; and
•   continued uncertainty in the world economy.
in response to this environment, we plan to:
•   continue to invest in our talent base and new service offerings including digital technologies and new delivery models;
•   partner with our existing customers to garner an increased portion of our customers' overall it spend by providing innovative solutions;
•   focus on growing our business in europe, the middle east, the asia pacific and latin america regions, where we believe there are opportunities to gain market share;
•   increase our strategic customer base across all of our business segments;
•   opportunistically look for acquisitions that may improve our overall service delivery capabilities, expand our geographic presence and/or enable us to enter new areas of technology;
•   focus on operating discipline in order to appropriately manage our cost structure; and
•   locate most of our new development center facilities in tax incentivized areas.
business segments our four reportable business segments are:
•   financial services, which includes customers providing banking/transaction processing, capital markets and insurance services;
•   healthcare, which includes healthcare providers and payers as well as life sciences customers including pharmaceutical, biotech and medical device companies;
•   manufacturing/retail/logistics, which includes consumer goods manufacturers, retailers, travel and other hospitality customers, as well as customers providing logistics services; and
•   other, which is an aggregation of industry operating segments each of which, individually, represents less than 10.0% of consolidated revenues and segment operating profit. the other segment includes information, media and entertainment services, communications, and high technology operating customers.
our chief operating decision maker evaluates cognizant's performance and allocates resources based on segment revenues and operating profit. segment operating profit is defined as income from operations before unallocated costs. generally, operating expenses for each operating segment have similar characteristics and are subject to the same factors, pressures and challenges. however, the economic environment and its effects on industries served by our operating groups may affect revenue and operating expenses to different degrees. expenses included in segment operating profit consist principally of direct selling and delivery costs as well as a per seat charge for use of the development and delivery centers. certain selling, general and administrative expenses, excess or shortfall of incentive compensation for delivery personnel as compared to target, stock-based compensation expense, a portion of depreciation and amortization and the impact of the settlements of our cash flow hedges are not allocated to individual segments in internal management reports used by the chief operating decision maker. accordingly, such expenses are excluded from segment operating profit.
we provide a significant volume of services to many customers in each of our business segments. therefore, a loss of a significant customer or a few significant customers in a particular segment could materially reduce revenues for that segment. however, no individual customer accounted for sales in excess of 10% of our consolidated revenues during 2015, 2014 or 2013. in addition, the services we provide to our larger customers are often critical to the operations of such customers and we believe that a termination of our services would require an extended transition period with gradually declining revenues.
results of operations for the three years ended december 31, 2015
the following table sets forth certain financial data for the three years ended december 31, 2015:
(dollars in millions, except per share data)
provision for income taxes                                                         540.0                                          484.7                                     459.3                                      55.3                    25.4
other financial information (2)
(2)   non-gaap income from operations, non-gaap operating margin and non-gaap diluted earnings per share are not measurements of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
revenue - overall. revenue increased by 21.0% to $12,416.0 million during 2015 as compared to an increase of 16.1% to $10,262.7 million in 2014. in 2015, revenue includes $724.5 million from trizetto, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2014, as compared to $80.6 million in 2014. the increase in trizetto revenue represented 29.9% of the year over year revenue growth in 2015. in both years, the remaining increase was primarily attributed to greater acceptance of our global delivery model among an increasing number of industries, continued interest in using our global delivery model as a means to reduce overall it and operations costs, increased customer spending on discretionary projects, and continued penetration in all our geographic markets. revenues from new customers contributed $195.4 million and $298.1 million, representing 9.1% and 21.0% of the year-over-year revenue growth for 2015 and 2014, respectively. in 2015, our consulting and technology services revenues increased by 31.8% and represented 57.6% of total 2015 revenues, while our outsourcing services revenue increased by 8.9% and constituted 42.4% of total revenues. in 2014, consulting and technology services revenue increased by 22.1% and represented 52.8% of total 2014 revenues, while our outsourcing services revenue increased by 10.0% and constituted 47.2% of total 2014 revenues. while both consulting and technology services revenue and outsourcing services revenue grew in 2015 and 2014, we saw a shift in customer spending from legacy application maintenance toward project-based work, including digital and other transformational programs.
revenues from our top five customers as a percentage of total revenues were 11.0%, 12.2% and 13.2% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. revenues from our top ten customers as a percentage of total revenues were 18.6%, 21.3% and 22.6% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. as we continue to add new customers and increase our penetration at existing customers, we expect the percentage of revenues from our top five and top ten customers to continue to decline over time.
revenue - reportable segments. revenues by reportable business segment were as follows:
financial services                      $5,002.9              $4,285.6              $3,717.6                $717.3         16.7            $568.0         15.3
manufacturing/retail/logistics           2,343.9               2,093.6               1,868.3                 250.3         12.0             225.3         12.1
revenue from our financial services segment grew 16.7% or $717.3 million in 2015, as compared to 2014. our banking and insurance customers contributed $403.6 million and $313.7 million, respectively, to the year over year revenue increase. in this segment, revenue from customers added during 2015 was $57.3 million and represented 8.0% of the year over year revenue increase in this segment. key areas of focus for our financial services customers included cost optimization, regulatory and compliance driven initiatives, cyber security and the adoption and integration of digital technologies to align with shifts in consumer preferences. revenue from our financial services segment grew 15.3% or $568.0 million in 2014, as compared to 2013. in 2014, our banking and insurance customers contributed $344.1 million and $223.9 million, respectively, to the year over year revenue growth. in 2014, revenue from customers added during that year was $49.6 million and represented 8.7% of the year over year revenue increase in this segment. we believe future demand from certain of our banking customers may be negatively affected by the current macroeconomic conditions affecting the industry.
revenue from our healthcare segment grew 36.4% or $978.1 million in 2015, as compared to 2014. during 2015, our healthcare customers contributed $824.0 million to the year over year revenue growth, including a $643.9 million increase in year over year revenue from trizetto. revenue from our life sciences customers increased by $154.1 million. revenue from customers added during 2015 was $51.3 million and represented 5.2% of the year over year revenue increase in this segment. the demand among our healthcare payer customers was partially driven by cost optimization initiatives. revenue from our healthcare segment grew 18.7% or $424.6 million in 2014, as compared to 2013 and included $80.6 million from trizetto. in 2014, growth over 2013 was driven by an increase in discretionary spending and was negatively affected by uncertainty created by regulatory changes, including the affordable care act initiatives in the u.s. in 2014, revenue from customers added during that year, including new trizetto customers, was $158.1 million and represented 37.2% of the year over year revenue increase in this segment. the demand for our services may also be affected by the recent trend towards consolidation within the healthcare payer industry. we believe that in the long term, the health care industry continues to present a growth opportunity due to factors that are transforming the industry, including the changing regulatory environment, increasing focus on medical costs, and the consumerization of healthcare.
revenue from our manufacturing/retail/logistics segment grew 12.0% or $250.3 million in 2015, as compared to 2014. during 2015, our manufacturing and logistics customers contributed $130.3 million to the year over year revenue growth as compared to $120.0 million for our retail and hospitality customers. revenue from customers added during 2015 was $63.3 million and represented 25.3% of the year over year revenue increase in this segment. demand within this segment continues to be driven by omnichannel commerce implementation and integration efforts, analytics, supply chain consulting and implementation initiatives, and increased adoption of digital technologies to align with shifts in consumer preferences. revenue from our manufacturing/retail/logistics segment grew 12.1% or $225.3 million in 2014, as compared to 2013. in 2014, growth within this segment was stronger among our manufacturing and logistics customers, where revenue increased by $124.4 million, while revenue for our retail and hospitality customers increased by $100.8 million. in 2014, revenue from customers added during that year was $59.6 million and represented 26.5% of the year over year revenue increase in this segment.
revenue from our other segment grew 17.4% or $207.6 million in 2015, as compared to 2014. in 2015, growth within other was due primarily to increased demand for digital services and was strong among our information, media and entertainment customers, where revenue increased by $85.0 million, and our technology customers, where revenue increased by $88.8 million. revenue from customers added during 2015 was $23.4 million and represented 11.3% of the year over year revenue increase in this segment. revenue from our other segment grew 20.3% or $201.6 million in 2014, as compared to 2013. in 2014, growth within other was particularly strong among our telecommunication and high technology customers, where revenue increased by $93.3 million and $71.0 million, respectively, due to an increase in discretionary spending. in 2014, revenue from customers added during that year was $30.8 million and represented 15.3% of the year over year revenue increase in this segment.
revenue - geographic locations. revenues by geographic market, as determined by customer location, were as follows:
united kingdom           1,188.5               1,099.2                 942.6                  89.3          8.1             156.6         16.6
north america continues to be our largest market representing 78.6% of total 2015 revenue and accounting for $1,879.6 million of the $2,153.3 million revenue increase in 2015. revenue growth among our north america customers includes $643.9 million year over year growth in trizetto revenue.
in 2015, revenue from europe grew 6.6%, after a negative currency impact of 10.2%, driven by the increasing acceptance of our global delivery model, partially offset by the recent strength of the u.s. dollar against the british pound, the euro and other currencies. in 2014, revenue from europe grew 19.3%, which included the full-year benefit of our acquisition of equinox consulting, which closed in the fourth quarter of 2013. the 2014 revenue growth in europe was driven by the strength of europe's economy and the increasing acceptance of our global delivery model. in 2015, revenue from our rest of world customers grew 29.9%, after a negative currency impact of 9.2%. in 2014, revenue from our rest of world customers grew 23.6%. in 2015 and 2014, growth was primarily driven by the india, singapore, australia, japan and hong kong markets. we believe that europe, the middle east, the asia pacific and latin america regions will continue to be areas of significant investment for us as we see these regions as long term growth opportunities.
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense). our cost of revenues consists primarily of salaries, incentive-based compensation, stock-based compensation expense, payroll taxes, employee benefits, immigration and project-related travel for technical personnel, subcontracting and sales commissions related to revenues. our cost of revenues increased by 21.2% or $1,299.1 million during 2015 as compared to an increase of 16.6% or $875.6 million during 2014. in both 2015 and 2014, the increase was due primarily to an increase in compensation and benefits costs (inclusive of the impact of higher incentive-based compensation costs), partially offset by the impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee versus the u.s. dollar, and lower realized losses on our cash flow hedges in 2015 compared to 2014. in 2015, compensation and benefit costs increased by $1,112.1 million as a result of the increase in the number of our service delivery personnel, including new trizetto employees, and higher incentive-based compensation costs in 2015 as compared to 2014. in 2014, the increase in compensation and benefit costs was $650.6 million as a result of the increase in the number of our service delivery personnel, partially offset by lower incentive-based compensation costs in 2014 as compared to 2013.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, incentive-based compensation, stock-based compensation expense, payroll taxes, employee benefits, immigration, travel, marketing, communications, management, finance, administrative and occupancy costs. selling, general and administrative expenses, including depreciation and amortization, increased by 26.7% or $597.1 million during 2015 as compared to an increase of 17.7% or $336.9 million during 2014. selling, general and administrative expenses, including depreciation and amortization, increased as a percentage of revenue to 22.8% in 2015 as compared to 21.8% in 2014 and 21.5% in 2013. in 2015, the increase as a percentage of revenue was due primarily to an increase in compensation and benefit costs (inclusive of the impact of higher incentive-based compensation costs) and increases in depreciation and amortization due to recent acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee versus the u.s. dollar, and lower realized losses on our cash flow hedges in 2015 compared to 2014. in 2014, the increase as a percentage of revenue was due primarily to increases in compensation and benefit costs (net of the impact of lower incentive-based compensation), professional services, including acquisition-related costs, and investments to grow our business, partially offset by the favorable impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar and lower realized losses on our cash flow hedges in 2014 compared to 2013.
2015 from 18.4% of revenues in 2014, due to increases in compensation and benefit costs (inclusive of the impact of higher incentive-based compensation) and increases in depreciation and amortization due to recent acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar, lower realized losses on our cash flow hedges and decreases in certain operating expenses, including travel, in 2015 compared to 2014. in 2014, operating margin decreased to 18.4% of revenues from 19.0% of revenues in 2013, due to increases in compensation and benefit costs (net of the impact of lower incentive-based compensation), subcontractor expense, professional fees and investments to grow our business, partially offset by the impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar and lower realized losses on our cash flow hedges in 2014 compared to 2013.
excluding the impact of applicable designated cash flow hedges, the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar positively impacted our operating margin by approximately 98 basis points or 0.98 percentage points in 2015 and 86 basis points or 0.86 percentage points in 2014. each additional 1.0% change in exchange rate between the indian rupee and the u.s. dollar will have the effect of moving our operating margin by approximately 19 basis points or 0.19 percentage points.
we entered into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge certain indian rupee denominated payments in india. these hedges are intended to mitigate the volatility of the changes in the exchange rate between the u.s. dollar and the indian rupee. during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the settlement of certain cash flow hedges negatively impacted our operating margin by approximately 57 basis points or 0.57 percentage points, 133 basis points or 1.33 percentage points, and 184 basis points or 1.84 percentage points, respectively.
for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, our non-gaap operating margins were 19.7%3, 20.2%3 and 20.6%3, respectively. as set forth in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below, our non-gaap operating margin excludes stock-based compensation expense and acquisition-related charges.
segment operating profit. segment operating profits were as follows:
financial services                  $1,641.9              $1,320.1              $1,212.1              $321.8         24.4          $108.0          8.9
manufacturing/retail/logistics         802.7                 685.7                 630.3               117.0         17.1            55.4          8.8
total segment operating profit       4,098.3               3,248.7               2,990.6               849.6         26.2           258.1          8.6
less: unallocated costs              1,956.3               1,363.8               1,312.7               592.5         43.4            51.1          3.9
in our financial services, healthcare, and manufacturing/retail/logistics segments, segment operating profit increased as a percentage of revenues primarily due to revenue growth outpacing headcount growth and the favorable impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee versus the u.s. dollar, partially offset by an increase in compensation and benefits costs and continued investments to grow our business. in our other segment, segment operating profit decreased as a percentage of revenues due to continued investments to grow our business, partially offset by the favorable impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee versus the u.s. dollar. in 2015, the unallocated costs increased when compared to 2014 due to continued investments to grow our business, higher incentive-based compensation accrual rates in 2015 compared to 2014 and increases in selling, general and administrative expenses (including depreciation and amortization) due to recent acquisitions.
the 2014 increase in segment operating profit within our reportable segments was attributable primarily to increased revenues and the favorable impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee versus the u.s. dollar, partially offset by an increase in compensation and benefit costs resulting primarily from additional headcount to support our revenue growth and continued investments to grow our business. in 2014, the unallocated costs increased when compared to 2013 due to continued investments to grow our business, partially offset by the impact of lower incentive-based compensation accrual rates in 2014.
3   non-gaap operating margin is not a measurement of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
other income (expense), net. total other income (expense), net consists primarily of foreign currency exchange gains and (losses), interest income and interest expense. the following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, total other income (expense), net:
foreign currency exchange (losses)                                                              $(42.9   )          $(16.5   )          $(55.2   )          $(26.4    )          $38.7
gains (losses) on foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments         0.3                (3.9   )            14.1                 4.2               (18.0    )
net foreign currency exchange (losses)                                                           (42.6   )           (20.4   )           (41.1   )           (22.2    )           20.7
the foreign currency exchange losses in all the years presented were attributable to the remeasurement of the indian rupee denominated net monetary assets in our u.s. dollar functional currency india subsidiaries as well as the remeasurement of other net monetary assets denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of our subsidiaries. the gains (losses) on foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments relate to the realized and unrealized gains and losses on foreign exchange forward contracts entered into primarily to offset foreign currency exposure to the indian rupee and other non-u.s. dollar denominated net monetary assets. as of december 31, 2015, the notional value of our undesignated hedges was $165.5 million. the increases in interest income in 2015 and 2014 were primarily attributed to the increase in average invested balances. the 2015 and 2014 increases in interest expense are primarily attributable to the interest on debt originated in the fourth quarter of 2014.
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes was $540.0 million in 2015, $484.7 million in 2014 and $459.3 million in 2013. the effective income tax rate decreased to 25.0% in 2015 from 25.2% in 2014 primarily due to discrete tax benefits recorded in 2015, partially offset by changes in the geographic mix of our current year taxable income. the effective income tax rate decreased to 25.2% in 2014 from 27.2% in 2013, primarily due to changes in the geographic mix of taxable income and discrete tax benefits recorded in 2014, partially offset by a scheduled reduction of certain income tax holiday benefits in india in 2014.
non-gaap financial measures portions of our disclosure, including the following table, include non-gaap income from operations, non-gaap operating margin, and non-gaap diluted earnings per share. these non-gaap financial measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles and should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap, and may be different from non-gaap measures used by other companies. in addition, these non-gaap measures should be read in conjunction with our financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap. the reconciliations of cognizant's non-gaap financial measures to the corresponding gaap measures should be carefully evaluated.
we seek to manage the company to a targeted non-gaap operating margin of 19% to 20% of revenues. we believe providing investors with an operating view consistent with how we manage the company provides enhanced transparency into the operating results of the company. for our internal management reporting and budgeting purposes, we use non-gaap financial information that does not include stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related charges and net non-operating foreign currency exchange gains or losses for financial and operational decision making, to evaluate period-to-period comparisons and for making comparisons of our operating results to those of our competitors. therefore, it is our belief that the use of non-gaap financial measures excluding these costs provides a meaningful measure for investors to evaluate our financial performance. accordingly, we believe that the presentation of non-gaap income from operations, non-gaap operating margin and non-gaap diluted earnings per share, when read in conjunction with our reported gaap results, can
provide useful supplemental information to our management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations.
a limitation of using non-gaap financial measures versus financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap is that non-gaap measures do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our operating results as determined in accordance with gaap and exclude costs that are recurring, namely stock-based compensation expense, certain acquisition-related charges, and net non-operating foreign currency exchange gains or losses. in addition, other companies may calculate non-gaap financial measures differently than us, thereby limiting the usefulness of these non-gaap financial measures as a comparative tool. we compensate for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the gaap amounts excluded from non-gaap income from operations, non-gaap operating margin and non-gaap diluted earnings per share to allow investors to evaluate such non-gaap financial measures.
the following table presents a reconciliation of each non-gaap financial measure to the most comparable gaap measure for the years ended december 31:
(dollars in millions, except per share data)
add: acquisition-related charges (1)                                                       115.8                      0.9               48.4                      0.5               24.0         0.3
effect of non-operating foreign currency exchange gains and losses, net of tax (2)          0.07                                        0.02                                        0.08
(1)   acquisition-related charges include, when applicable, amortization of purchased intangible assets included in the depreciation and amortization expense line on our consolidated statements of operations, external deal costs, acquisition-related retention bonuses, integration costs, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, charges for impairment of acquired intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs.
(2)   non-operating foreign currency exchange gains and losses are inclusive of gains and losses on related foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes.
liquidity and capital resources our cash generated from operations has historically been our primary source of liquidity to fund operations and investments to grow our business. in addition, as of december 31, 2015, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $4,949.5 million and additional available capacity under our revolving credit facility of approximately $400.0 million. we have used and plan to continue to use a combination of our cash flow from operations, cash on hand and capacity available under our revolving credit facility for expansion of existing operations, including our offshore development and delivery centers, continued development of new service lines, acquisitions of related businesses, formation of joint ventures, stock repurchases and general corporate purposes, including funding working capital requirements.
the following table provides a summary of our cash flows for the three years ended december 31:
net cash from operating activities                           $2,153.3              $1,473.0              $1,423.8                $680.3                   $49.2
net cash (used in) investing activities                      (1,370.6   )          (3,160.7   )            (730.8   )           1,790.1                (2,429.9    )
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities            (648.1   )           1,503.4                 (30.9   )          (2,151.5    )            1,534.3
operating activities. the increase in operating cash flow for 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily attributable to the increase in net income, further impacted by the increase in non-cash expenses and higher incentive-based compensation accruals that will be paid in the first quarter of 2016. the increase in operating cash flow for 2014 was primarily attributed to the increase in net income. trade accounts receivable increased to $2,252.6 million at december 31, 2015 as compared to $1,968.7 million at december 31, 2014 and $1,648.8 million at december 31, 2013. unbilled accounts receivable increased to $369.0 million at december 31, 2015 from $324.6 million at december 31, 2014 and $226.5 million at december 31, 2013. the increase in trade accounts receivable and unbilled accounts receivable during 2015 was primarily due to increased revenues. we monitor turnover, aging and the collection of accounts receivable through the use of management reports that are prepared on a customer basis and evaluated by our finance staff. our days sales outstanding calculation includes billed and unbilled accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, reduced by the uncollected portion of our deferred revenue. our days sales outstanding was 70 days as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
investing activities. the reduction in net cash used in investing activities in 2015 compared to 2014 is due to lower payments for acquisitions, as we acquired trizetto in 2014, partially offset by greater net purchases of investments and higher outflows for capital expenditures in 2015. in 2014, the increase in investing outflows, when compared to 2013, was primarily related to our payment for the acquisition of trizetto.
financing activities. in 2015, we had net outflows from financing activities primarily due to our net repayments of debt and greater stock repurchases as compared to net cash inflows from financing activities in 2014 driven by our net borrowings under the credit agreement. in 2014, the increase in net cash provided by financing activities when compared to 2013, was primarily related to proceeds from borrowings under the 2014 credit agreement.
on november 20, 2014, we entered into a credit agreement with a commercial bank syndicate providing for a $1,000.0 million unsecured term loan and a $750.0 million revolving credit facility. the term loan was used to pay a portion of the cash consideration in connection with our acquisition of trizetto. the revolving credit facility is available for general corporate purposes. the term loan and the revolving credit facility both mature on november 20, 2019. as of december 31, 2015, we had $937.5 million outstanding under the term loan and $350.0 million outstanding under the revolving credit facility.
the credit agreement requires interest to be paid at either the base rate or the eurocurrency rate, plus a margin. the margin over the base rate is 0.00%, and the margin over the eurocurrency rate ranges from 0.75% to 1.125%, depending on our debt ratings (or, if we have not received debt ratings, from 0.875% to 1.00%, depending on our debt to total stockholders' equity ratio). thus, our debt exposes us to market risk from changes in interest rates. under the credit agreement, we are required to pay commitment fees on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility, which vary based on our debt ratings (or, if we have not received debt ratings, our debt to total stockholders' equity ratio). additionally, we are required to make scheduled quarterly principal payments on the term loan.
the credit agreement contains certain negative covenants, including limitations on liens, mergers, consolidations and acquisitions, subsidiary indebtedness and affiliate transactions, as well as certain affirmative covenants. in addition, the credit agreement requires us to maintain a debt to total stockholders' equity ratio not in excess of 0.40 to 1.00. as of december 31, 2015, we are in compliance with our debt covenants and have provided a quarterly certification to our lenders to that effect. we believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the credit agreement to borrow thereunder, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the remaining available capacity under the revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2015 and through the date of this filing.
we intend to continue to use a portion of our available capital resources for stock repurchases during 2016. the number of shares ultimately repurchased under our open-market share purchase program may vary depending on numerous factors, including, without limitation, our stock price and other market conditions, our ongoing capital allocation planning, the levels of cash and debt balances, other demands for cash, such as acquisition activity, general economic and/or business conditions, and
board and management discretion. additionally, as these factors may change over the course of the year, the amount of stock repurchase activity during any particular period cannot be predicted and may fluctuate from time to time. stock repurchases may be made from time to time through open-market purchases and through the use of rule 10b5-1 plans and/or by other means. the stock repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time, without notice.
we believe our u.s. cash flows continue to be sufficient to fund our current domestic operations and obligations, including debt service. the amount of funds held in u.s. tax jurisdictions can fluctuate due to the timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business, including debt repayments, and due to other reasons, such as acquisition-related activities. the company's u.s. operations historically have generated and are expected to continue to generate substantial cash flows. in circumstances where the company has additional cash requirements in the united states, we have several additional liquidity options available to meet those requirements. these options may include borrowing additional funds, including borrowings under our committed revolving credit facility, temporarily utilizing inter-company loans with certain foreign subsidiaries on a limited basis, and, while we currently do not have plans to do so, repatriating certain of our foreign earnings. we also believe we have access to the credit and equity markets and could borrow additional funds under acceptable terms and conditions or raise additional capital through an equity transaction.
many of our operations are conducted outside the united states and significant portions of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are held internationally. as of december 31, 2015, $4,505.7 million of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was held outside the united states. as part of our ongoing liquidity assessments, we regularly monitor the mix of domestic and international cash flows and cash balances. we utilize certain strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. most of the amounts held outside of the united states could be repatriated to the united states but, under current law, would be subject to income taxes in the united states, less applicable foreign tax credits. other than amounts for which we have already accrued u.s. taxes, we intend to indefinitely reinvest these funds outside the united states and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate these amounts to fund our liquidity needs in the united states. if such earnings are repatriated in the future, or are no longer deemed to be indefinitely reinvested, we will accrue the applicable amount of taxes associated with such earnings at that time. due to the various methods by which such earnings could be repatriated in the future, it is not currently practicable to determine the amount of applicable taxes that would result from such repatriation.
we expect our operating cash flow, cash and investment balances, and available capacity under our revolving credit facility to be sufficient to meet our operating requirements for the next twelve months. our ability to expand and grow our business in accordance with current plans, to make acquisitions and form joint ventures and to meet our long-term capital requirements beyond a twelve month period will depend on many factors, including the rate, if any, at which our cash flow increases, our ability and willingness to accomplish acquisitions and joint ventures with capital stock, our continued intent not to repatriate foreign earnings, and the availability of public and private debt and equity financing. we cannot be certain that additional financing, if required, will be available on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all.
commitments and contingencies as of december 31, 2015, we had the following obligations and commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations and commercial commitments:
capital lease obligations                  54.8                     5.4                     9.7                   8.2         31.5
fixed capital commitments(3)               76.4                    76.4                       -                     -             -
other purchase commitments(4)             175.6                    77.8                    92.8                   5.0             -
(3)   relates to the expansion of our india development and delivery centers.
(4)   other purchase commitments include, among other things, communications and information technology obligations, as well as other obligations in the ordinary course of business that we cannot cancel or where we would be required to pay a termination fee in the event of cancellation.
as of december 31, 2015, we had $138.7 million of unrecognized tax benefits. this represents the tax benefits associated with certain tax positions on our domestic and international tax returns that have not been recognized on our financial statements due to uncertainty regarding their resolution. the resolution of these income tax positions with the relevant taxing authorities is at various stages and therefore we are unable to make a reliable estimate of the eventual cash flows by period that may be required to settle these matters.
we have entered into a series of foreign exchange forward contracts that are designated as cash flow hedges of certain indian rupee denominated payments in india. as of december 31, 2015, these contracts were in a net unrealized loss position of $14.4 million and have settlement dates in 2016, 2017 and 2018. the actual amounts at which these contracts will be settled may be significantly impacted by fluctuations in the indian rupee to u.s. dollar foreign currency exchange rate prior to settlement. therefore, we are unable to make a reliable estimate of the eventual cash flows by period related to the settlement of these foreign exchange forward contracts.
we are involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. we accrue a liability when a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. in the opinion of management, the outcome of any existing claims and legal or regulatory proceedings, if decided adversely, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additionally, many of our engagements involve projects that are critical to the operations of our customers' business and provide benefits that are difficult to quantify. any failure in a customer's systems or our failure to meet our contractual obligations to our clients, including any breach involving a customer's confidential information or sensitive data, or our obligations under applicable laws or regulations could result in a claim for substantial damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for such failure. although we attempt to contractually limit our liability for damages arising from negligent acts, errors, mistakes, or omissions in rendering our services, there can be no assurance that the limitations of liability set forth in our contracts will be enforceable in all instances or will otherwise protect us from liability for damages. although we have general liability insurance coverage, including coverage for errors or omissions, there can be no assurance that such coverage will cover all types of claims, continue to be available on reasonable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any future claim. the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed or are not covered by our insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
foreign currency risk overall, we believe that we have limited revenue risk resulting from movement in foreign currency exchange rates as 78.6% of our revenues during 2015 were generated from customers located in north america. revenue from our customers in the united kingdom, rest of europe and rest of world represented 9.6%, 6.6% and 5.2%, respectively, of our 2015 revenues. accordingly, our operating results outside the united states may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange rates, primarily the british pound and the euro, as compared to the u.s. dollar.
a portion of our costs in india, representing approximately 23.5% of our global operating costs during 2015, are denominated in the indian rupee and are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. these foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have an impact on our results of operations. in addition, a portion of our balance sheet is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may result in non-operating foreign currency exchange gains or losses upon remeasurement. in 2015, we reported foreign currency exchange losses, exclusive of hedging gains or losses, of approximately $42.9 million, which were attributable to the remeasurement of the indian rupee denominated net monetary assets in our u.s. dollar functional currency india subsidiaries as well as the remeasurement of other net monetary assets denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of our subsidiaries. on an ongoing basis, we manage a portion of this risk by limiting our net monetary asset exposure to certain currencies, primarily the indian rupee, in our foreign subsidiaries.
we entered into a series of foreign exchange forward contracts that are designated as cash flow hedges of certain indian rupee denominated payments in india. cognizant india converts u.s. dollar receipts from intercompany billings to indian rupees to fund local expenses. these hedges to buy indian rupees and sell u.s. dollars are intended to partially offset the impact of movement of exchange rates on future operating costs. in 2015, we reported net losses of $71.2 million on contracts that settled during the year. as of december 31, 2015, we have outstanding contracts with a notional value of $2,445.0 million and weighted average contract rate of 70.2 indian rupees to the u.s. dollar. these contracts are scheduled to mature as follows:
notional value (in millions)           weighted average contract rate (indian rupee to u.s. dollar)
our foreign subsidiaries are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk for transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective subsidiary. we also use foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge balance sheet exposure to certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the subsidiary. these contracts are not designated as hedges and are intended to offset the foreign currency exchange gains or losses upon remeasurement of these net monetary assets. we entered into a series of foreign exchange forward contracts scheduled to mature in 2016 which are used to hedge our foreign currency denominated net monetary assets. at december 31, 2015, the notional value of the outstanding contracts was $165.5 million and the related fair value was a liability of $0.8 million. during 2015, inclusive of gains of $0.3 million on our undesignated balance sheet hedges, we reported net foreign currency exchange losses of approximately $42.6 million.
off-balance sheet arrangements other than our foreign exchange forward contracts, there were no off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons in 2015, 2014 and 2013 that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
effects of inflation our most significant costs are the salaries and related benefits for our programming staff and other professionals. in certain regions, competition for professionals with advanced technical skills necessary to perform our services has caused wages to increase at a rate greater than the general rate of inflation. as with other service providers in our industry, we must adequately anticipate wage increases, particularly on our fixed-price contracts. historically, we have experienced increases in compensation and benefit costs, including incentive-based compensation, in india; however, this has not had a material impact on our results of operations as we have been able to absorb such cost increases through price increases or cost management strategies such as managing discretionary costs, mix of professional staff and utilization levels and achieving other operating efficiencies. there can be no assurance that we will be able to offset such cost increases in the future.
critical accounting estimates management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our accompanying consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, or u.s. gaap. we base our estimates on historical experience, current trends and on various other assumptions that are believed to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. we evaluate our estimates on a continuous basis. however, the actual amounts may differ from the estimates used in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
we believe the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported consolidated financial statements as they require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. our significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition. revenues related to our highly complex application development contracts, which are predominantly fixed-price contracts, and certain other fixed-price contracts are recognized as the services are performed using the percentage of completion method and the proportional performance method of accounting, respectively. under the
percentage of completion method, total contract revenue during the term of an agreement is recognized based on the percentage that each contract's total labor cost to date bears to the total expected labor cost (cost to cost method). under the proportional performance method, total contract revenue is recognized based on the level of effort to date in relation to total expected efforts provided to the customer. management reviews the assumptions related to these methods on an ongoing basis. revisions to our estimates may result in increases or decreases to revenues and income and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the periods in which they are first identified. if our estimates indicate that a contract loss will be incurred, a loss provision is recorded in the period in which the loss first becomes probable and reasonably estimable. contract losses are determined to be the amount by which the estimated costs of the contract exceed the estimated total revenues that will be generated by the contract and such losses are included in cost of revenues in our consolidated statement of operations. changes in estimates related to our revenue contracts and contract losses were immaterial for the periods presented.
allowance for doubtful accounts. we maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. we estimate an allowance for doubtful accounts by evaluating the financial condition and relative credit-worthiness of each customer, historical collections experience and other information, including the aging of the receivables.
income taxes. determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, deferred income tax assets (and related valuation allowance, if any) and liabilities requires significant judgment. we are required to calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the jurisdictions where we operate. changes in the geographic mix of income before taxes or estimated level of annual pre-tax income can affect our overall effective income tax rate. the consolidated provision for income taxes may also change period to period based on non-recurring events, such as the settlement of income tax audits and changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles.
our provision for income taxes also includes the impact of reserves established for uncertain income tax positions, as well as the related interest, which may require us to apply judgment to complex issues and may require an extended period of time to resolve. although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will not differ from our recorded amounts. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit. to the extent that the final outcome of these matters differs from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
significant judgment is also required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred income tax assets. in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence for each jurisdiction including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. if it is determined that it is more likely than not that future tax benefits associated with a deferred income tax asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance is provided. in the event we change our determination as to the amount of deferred income tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust the valuation allowance with a corresponding impact recorded to our provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
our indian subsidiaries, collectively referred to as cognizant india, are primarily export-oriented companies and are eligible for certain income tax holiday benefits granted by the government of india for export activities conducted within sezs for periods of up to 15 years. a majority of our sez income tax holiday benefits are currently scheduled to expire in whole or in part during the years 2016 to 2025 and may be extended on a limited basis for an additional five years per unit if certain reinvestment criteria are met. we have constructed and expect to continue to operate most of our newer development facilities in sezs. our indian profits ineligible for sez benefits are subject to corporate income tax at the rate of 34.6%. in addition, all indian profits, including those generated within sezs, are subject to the mat, at the rate of 21.3%. any mat paid is creditable against future indian corporate income tax, subject to limitations. currently, we anticipate utilizing our existing mat balances against our future corporate income tax obligations in india. however, our ability to do so could be impacted by possible changes to the indian tax laws as well as the future financial results of cognizant india. additionally, the indian government recently announced a proposal which includes, among other items, phasing out of certain tax exemptions and deductions, discontinuation of tax holidays for new sezs commencing activity from april 1, 2017, and a phased reduction of the current indian corporate income tax rate. upon enactment, we will evaluate the impact of these proposals on our effective income tax rate.
stock-based compensation. stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the vesting period. determining the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating the expected term over which the stock awards will be outstanding before they are exercised, the expected volatility of our stock and the number of stock-based awards that are expected to be forfeited. in addition, for performance stock units, we are required to estimate the most probable outcome of the performance conditions in order to
determine the amount of stock compensation costs to be recorded over the vesting period. to the extent that actual results differ significantly from our estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations could be materially impacted.
derivative financial instruments. derivative financial instruments are accounted for in accordance with the authoritative guidance which requires that each derivative instrument be recorded on the balance sheet as either an asset or liability measured at its fair value as of the reporting date. our derivative financial instruments consist of foreign exchange forward contracts. we estimate the fair value of each foreign exchange forward contract by using a present value of expected cash flows model. this model utilizes various assumptions, including, but not limited to timing and amounts of cash flows, discount rates, and credit risk factors. the use of different assumptions could have a positive or negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
investments. our investment portfolio is comprised primarily of time deposits, mutual funds invested in fixed income securities and u.s. dollar denominated corporate bonds, municipal bonds, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, debt issuances by the u.s. government, u.s. government agencies, foreign governments and supranational entities and asset-backed securities. the asset-backed securities included government national mortgage association (gnma) mortgage backed securities and securities backed by auto loans, credit card receivables, and other receivables. the years of issuance of our asset-backed securities fall in the 2005 to 2015 range.
we utilize various inputs to determine the fair value of our investment portfolio. to the extent they exist, unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets in active markets (level 1) or quoted prices on similar assets (level 2) are utilized to determine the fair value of each investment in our portfolio. in the absence of quoted prices or liquid markets, valuation techniques would be used to determine fair value of any investments that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (level 3). valuation techniques are based on various assumptions, including, but not limited to timing and amounts of cash flows, discount rates, rate of return, and adjustments for nonperformance and liquidity. a significant degree of judgment is involved in valuing investments using level 3 inputs. the use of different assumptions could have a positive or negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. see note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our security valuation methodologies.
we periodically evaluate if unrealized losses, as determined based on the security valuation methodologies discussed above, on individual securities classified as available-for-sale in the investment portfolio are considered to be other-than-temporary. the analysis of other-than-temporary impairment requires the use of various assumptions, including, but not limited to, the length of time an investment's book value is greater than fair value, the severity of the investment's decline, any credit deterioration of the investment, whether management intends to sell the security and whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost basis. once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is generally recorded to income and a new cost basis in the investment is established.
business combinations. accounting for business combinations requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions. we account for business combinations using the acquisition method which requires us to estimate the fair value of identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree to properly allocate purchase price consideration to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the allocation of the purchase price utilizes significant estimates in determining the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, especially with respect to intangible assets. the significant estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, the timing and amount of future revenue and cash flows based on, among other things, anticipated growth rates and customer attrition rates and the discount rate reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows as well as the determination of useful lives for finite-lived assets.
long-lived assets and finite-lived intangibles. we review long-lived assets and certain finite-lived identifiable intangibles for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. we recognize an impairment loss when the sum of the undiscounted expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of such assets. the impairment loss would equal the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. assessing the fair value of assets involves significant estimates and assumptions including estimation of future cash flows, the timing of such cash flows and discount rates reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows. if such assets were determined to be impaired, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles. we allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. reporting units are our operating segments or one level below the operating segments. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, regulatory environment, established
business plans, operating performance indicators or competition. evaluation of goodwill for impairment requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets, liabilities and goodwill to reporting units and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit.
we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of an income approach, utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis, and a market approach, using market multiples. under the income approach, we need to estimate projected future cash flows, the timing of such cash flows and long term growth rates, and determine the appropriate discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in the projected future cash flows. the discount rate used is based on our weighted-average cost of capital and may be adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the reporting unit's ability to execute on the projected future cash flows. under the market approach, we estimate fair value based on market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded companies with characteristics similar to the reporting unit.
the estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit.
we also evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, or as circumstances warrant. our 2015 qualitative assessment included the review of relevant macroeconomic factors and entity-specific qualitative factors to determine if it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets was below carrying value.
based on our most recent evaluation of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which was performed as of december 31, 2015, none of our reporting units or indefinite-lived intangible assets was considered to be at risk of impairment. as of december 31, 2015, our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset balances were $2,404.7 million and $63.0 million, respectively.
recently adopted and new accounting pronouncements see note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information.
forward looking statements the statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended) that involve risks and uncertainties. such forward-looking statements may be identified by, among other things, the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believe," "expect," "may," "could," "would," "plan," "intend," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue," "should" or "anticipate" or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. from time to time, we or our representatives have made or may make forward-looking statements, orally or in writing.
such forward-looking statements may be included in various filings made by us with the securities and exchange commission, or press releases or oral statements made by or with the approval of one of our authorized executive officers. these forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding anticipated future revenues or operating margins, contract percentage completions, earnings, capital expenditures, liquidity, plans, objectives and other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections, management's beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. there are a number of important factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to:
•   competition from other service providers;
•   the risk that our operating margin may decline and we may not be able to sustain our current level of profitability;
•   the risk of liability or damage to our reputation resulting from security breaches;
•   any possible failure to comply with or adapt to changes in healthcare-related data protection and privacy laws;
•   the loss of customers, especially as a few customers account for a large portion of our revenues;
•   the risk that we may not be able to keep pace with the rapidly evolving technological environment;
•   the rate of growth in the use of technology in business and the type and level of technology spending by our clients;
•   the risk that we might not be able to maintain effective internal controls, including as we acquire and integrate other companies;
•   our inability to successfully acquire or integrate target companies;
•   system failure or disruptions in our communications or information technology;
•   the risk that we may lose key executives and not be able to enforce non-competition agreements with them;
•   competition for hiring highly-skilled technical personnel;
•   possible failure to provide end-to-end business solutions and deliver complex and large projects for our clients;
•   our revenues being highly dependent on clients concentrated in certain industries, including financial services and healthcare, and located primarily in the united states and europe;
•   the effects of fluctuations in the indian rupee and other currency exchange rates;
•   the risk of war, terrorist activities, pandemics and natural disasters;
•   the possibility that we may be required, as a result of our indebtedness, or otherwise choose to repatriate foreign earnings or that our foreign earnings or profits may become subject to u.s. taxes;
•   the possibility that we may lose certain tax benefits provided to companies in our industry by the indian government;
•   the risk that we may not be able to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights, or that we may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others;
•   changes in domestic and international regulations and legislation relating to immigration and anti-outsourcing;
•   increased regulation of the financial services and healthcare industries, as well as other industries in which our clients operate; and
•   the factors set forth in part i, in the section entitled "item 1a. risk factors" in this report.
you are advised to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in the reports we file with the securities and exchange commission, including this report in the sections titled "part i, item 1. business," "part i, item 1a. risk factors" and "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.