item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. we make statements in this section that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section in this report entitled "forward-looking statements." certain risk factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the following discussion. for a discussion of such risk factors, see the sections in this report entitled "risk factors" and "forward-looking statements."
occupancy percentages included in the following discussion, for some of our properties, are calculated based on factors in addition to contractually leased square feet, including available power, required support space and common area.
overview our company. digital realty trust, inc. completed its initial public offering of common stock, or our ipo, on november 3, 2004. we believe that we have operated in a manner that has enabled us to qualify, and have elected to be treated, as a reit under sections 856 through 860 of the code. our company was formed on march 9, 2004. during the period from our formation until we commenced operations in connection with the completion of our ipo, we did not have any corporate activity other than the issuance of shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock in connection with the initial capitalization of the company. our operating partnership was formed on july 21, 2004.
business and strategy. our primary business objectives are to maximize: (i) sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, (ii) cash flow and returns to our stockholders and our operating partnership's unitholders through the payment of distributions and (iii) return on invested capital. we expect to achieve our objectives by focusing on our core business of investing in and developing technology-related real estate. a significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development and acquisition of new properties. we target high quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of corporate enterprise data center and technology industry tenants and properties that may be developed for such use. most of our properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling and high-level security systems. we focus solely on technology-related real estate because we believe that the growth in corporate data center adoption and the technology-related real estate industry generally will continue to be superior to that of the overall economy.
as of december 31, 2015, we owned an aggregate of 139 operating properties, including eight telx properties (of which two properties are owned and six properties are leased from third parties) and 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, with approximately 25.6 million rentable square feet including approximately 1.3 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.3 million square feet of space held for future development. the 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures have an aggregate of approximately 1.9 million rentable square feet. the 15 parcels of developable land we own comprised approximately 286 acres. at december 31, 2015, approximately 1.3 million square feet was under construction for turn-key flex®, powered base building® and custom solutions products, all of which are expected to be income producing on or after completion, in three u.s. domestic metropolitan areas, two european metropolitan areas, one canadian metropolitan area and our singapore metropolitan area, consisting of approximately 0.7 million square feet of base building construction and 0.6 million square feet of data center construction.
we have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical and other criteria. we expect to continue to acquire additional assets as a part of our growth strategy. we intend to aggressively manage and lease our assets to increase their cash flow. we may continue to build out our development portfolio when justified by anticipated returns.
we may acquire properties subject to existing mortgage financing and other indebtedness or we may incur new indebtedness in connection with acquiring or refinancing these properties. debt service on such indebtedness will have a priority over any cash dividends with respect to digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock and preferred stock. we currently intend to limit our indebtedness to 60% of our total enterprise value and, based on the closing price of digital realty trust, inc. common stock on december 31, 2015 of $75.62, our ratio of debt to total enterprise value was approximately 32%. our total enterprise value is defined as the sum of the market value of digital realty trust, inc.'s outstanding common stock (which may decrease, thereby increasing our debt to total enterprise value ratio), excluding options issued under our company's incentive
index to financial statements award plan, plus the liquidation value of digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock, plus the aggregate value of our operating partnership's units not held by digital realty trust, inc. (with the per unit value equal to the market value of one share of digital realty trust, inc. common stock and excluding long-term incentive units, class c units and class d units), plus the book value of our total consolidated indebtedness.
revenue base. as of december 31, 2015, we owned 139 operating properties through our operating partnership, including eight telx properties (of which two properties are owned and six properties are leased from third parties) and 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and developable land. these properties are mainly located throughout the u.s., with 23 properties located in europe, three properties in australia, three properties in asia and two properties in canada. we, through our predecessor, acquired our first portfolio property in january 2002 and have added properties through acquisition and development activities as follows:
(1)   excludes properties sold: 650 randolph road (december 2015), 833 chestnut street (april 2015), 3300 east birch street (march 2015), 100 quannapowitt (february 2015), 6 braham street (april 2014), 100 technology center drive (march 2007), 4055 valley view lane (march 2007) and 7979 east tufts avenue (july 2006). in addition, also excludes 701 &amp; 717 leonard street, a parking garage located adjacent to our internet gateway data center located at 2323 bryan street and not considered a separate property. also excludes a leasehold interest acquired in march 2007 related to an acquisition made in 2006. excludes 13 developable land parcels. includes 12 properties held in our managed portfolio of unconsolidated joint ventures consisting of 4650 old ironsides drive (silicon valley), 2950 zanker road (silicon valley), 4700 old ironsides drive (silicon valley), 444 toyama drive (silicon valley), 43790 devin shafron drive (northern virginia), 21551 beaumeade circle (northern virginia), 7505 mason king court (northern virginia), 14901 faa boulevard (dallas), 900 dorothy drive (dallas), 636 pierce street (new york), 43915 devin shafron drive (northern virginia) and 33 chun choi street (hong kong); and two properties held in our non-managed unconsolidated joint ventures consisting of 2001 sixth avenue (seattle) and 2020 fifth avenue (seattle).
(6)   includes three developed buildings (43915 devin shafron drive, 43830 devin shafron drive and 43790 devin shafron drive) placed into service in 2010 and 2011 that are being included with a property (devin shafron buildings) that was acquired in 2007.
(7)   includes a developed building (21551 beaumeade circle) placed into service in 2011 that is being included with a property (beaumeade circle portfolio) that was acquired in 2009.
(8)   includes four developed buildings (43940 digital loudoun plaza in northern virginia, 3825 nw aloclek place in portland, oregon, 98 radnor drive in melbourne, australia and 1-23 templar road in sydney, australia) placed into service in 2012 and 2013, on land parcels acquired in 2011.
(10)   43915 devin shafron drive, which was previously included as part of the devin shafron buildings, is now separately included in the property count because it was separately contributed to an unconsolidated joint venture in september 2014.
(11)   includes eight properties that were added as part of the telx acquisition, two of which are owned: 56 marietta street (atlanta) and 100 delawanna avenue (new york); and six that are leased from third parties: 60 hudson street (new york), 32 avenue of the americas (new york), 2 peekay drive (new york), 2820 northwestern parkway (silicon valley), 8425 n. stemmons freeway (dallas) and 3433 s. 120th place (seattle). telx also leases space at 111 8th avenue (new york), which is partially subleased by telx from the company and partially subleased from third parties.
as of december 31, 2015, the properties in our portfolio, including the 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, were approximately 91.4% leased excluding approximately 1.3 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.3 million square feet of space held for future development. due to the capital-intensive and long-term nature of the operations being supported, our lease terms are generally longer than standard commercial leases. as of december 31, 2015, our average lease term at signing is approximately 12.0 years, with an average of approximately 6.0 years remaining. our scheduled lease expirations through december 31, 2017 are 13.3% of rentable square feet excluding month-to-month leases, space under active development and space held for future development as of december 31, 2015.
on february 5, 2015, the operating partnership sold the 100 quannapowitt property for approximately $31 million. the transaction after costs resulted in net proceeds of approximately $29 million and a net gain of approximately $10 million. the property was identified as held for sale as of december 31, 2014. 100 quannapowitt was not a significant component of our u.s. portfolio nor does the sale represent a significant shift in our strategy.
on april 30, 2015, the operating partnership sold the 833 chestnut street property for approximately $161 million. the transaction after costs and buyer credits resulted in net proceeds of approximately $159 million, including a $9 million note receivable, and a net gain of approximately $77 million. the property was identified as held for sale as of march 31, 2015. 833 chestnut street was not a significant component of our u.s. portfolio nor does the sale represent a significant shift in our strategy.
index to financial statements factors which may influence future results of operations global market and economic conditions. general economic conditions and the cost and availability of capital may be adversely affected in some or all of the metropolitan areas in which we own properties and conduct our operations. instability in the u.s., european, asia pacific and other international financial markets and economies may adversely affect our ability, and the ability of our tenants, to replace or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, access the capital markets to meet liquidity and capital expenditure requirements and may result in adverse effects on our, and our tenants', financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, our access to funds under our global revolving credit facility depends on the ability of the lenders that are parties to such facilities to meet their funding commitments to us. we cannot assure you that long-term disruptions in the global economy and the return of tighter credit conditions among, and potential failures or nationalizations of, third party financial institutions as a result of such disruptions will not have an adverse effect on our lenders. if our lenders are not able to meet their funding commitments to us, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
if we do not have sufficient cash flow to continue operating our business and are unable to borrow additional funds, access our existing lines of credit or raise equity or debt capital, we may need to source alternative ways to increase our liquidity. such alternatives may include, without limitation, curtailing development activity, disposing of one or more of our properties possibly on disadvantageous terms or entering into or renewing leases on less favorable terms than we otherwise would.
foreign currency exchange risk. for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had foreign operations in the united kingdom, ireland, france, the netherlands, switzerland, canada, singapore, australia, japan and hong kong, and, as such, are subject to risk from the effects of exchange rate movements of foreign currencies, which may affect future costs and cash flows. our foreign operations are conducted in the british pound sterling, euro, swiss franc, canadian dollar, singapore dollar, australian dollar, japanese yen and the hong kong dollar. our primary currency exposures are to the british pound sterling, the euro and the singapore dollar. we attempt to mitigate a portion of the risk of currency fluctuation by financing our investments in the local currency denominations, although there can be no assurance that this will be effective. as a result, changes in the relation of any such foreign currency to u.s. dollars may affect our revenues, operating margins and distributions and may also affect the book value of our assets and the amount of stockholders' equity.
rental income. the amount of rental income generated by the properties in our portfolio depends on several factors, including our ability to maintain or improve the occupancy rates of currently leased space and to lease currently available space and space available from lease terminations. excluding approximately 1.3 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.3 million square feet of space held for future development as of december 31, 2015, the occupancy rate of the properties in our portfolio, including the 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, was approximately 91.4% of our net rentable square feet.
as of december 31, 2015, we had over 1,000 tenants in our portfolio, including the 12 properties held in our managed portfolio of unconsolidated joint ventures. as of december 31, 2015, approximately 91% of our leases (on a rentable square footage basis) contained base rent escalations that were either fixed (generally ranging from 2% to 4%) or indexed based on a consumer price index or other similar inflation related index. we cannot assure you that these escalations will cover any increases in our costs or will otherwise keep rental rates at or above market rates.
the amount of rental income generated by us also depends on maintaining or increasing rental rates at our properties, which in turn depends on several factors, including supply and demand and market rates for data center space. included in our approximately 21.0 million net rentable square feet, excluding space under active development and space held for future development and 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, at december 31, 2015 is approximately 0.6 million square feet of data center space with extensive installed tenant improvements available for lease. since our ipo, we have leased approximately 4.6 million square feet of similar space, including turn-key flex® space. our turn-key flex® product is an effective solution for tenants who prefer to utilize a partner with the expertise or capital budget to provide extensive data center infrastructure and security. our expertise in data center construction and operations enables us to lease space to these tenants at a premium over other uses. in addition, as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately 1.3 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.3 million square feet of space held for future development, or approximately 11% of the total rentable space in our portfolio, including the 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. development space requires significant capital investment in order to develop data center facilities that are ready for use and, in addition, we may require additional time or encounter delays in securing tenants for development space. we may purchase additional vacant properties and properties with vacant development space in the future. we will require additional capital to finance our development activities, which may not
index to financial statements be available or may not be available on terms acceptable to us, including as a result of the conditions described above under "global market and economic conditions."
in addition, the timing between when we sign a new lease with a tenant and when that lease commences and we begin to generate rental income may be significant and may not be easily predictable. certain leases may provide for staggered commencement dates for additional space, the timing of which may be delayed significantly.
economic downturns, including as a result of the conditions described above under "global market and economic conditions," or regional downturns affecting our markets or downturns in the technology-related real estate industry that impair our ability to lease or renew or re-lease space, or otherwise reduce returns on our investments or the ability of our tenants to fulfill their lease commitments, as in the case of tenant bankruptcies, could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase rental rates at our properties.
index to financial statements scheduled lease expirations. our ability to re-lease expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. in addition to approximately 1.9 million square feet of available space in our portfolio, which excludes approximately 1.3 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.3 million square feet of space held for future development as of december 31, 2015 and the two properties held as investments in our non-managed unconsolidated joint ventures, leases representing approximately 5.8% and 7.5% of the net rentable square footage of our portfolio are scheduled to expire during the years ending december 31, 2016 and 2017, respectively.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we signed new leases totaling approximately 0.8 million square feet of space and renewal leases totaling approximately 1.4 million square feet of space. the following table summarizes our leasing activity in the year ended december 31, 2015:
leasing activity (3)(4)
leasing activity summary turn-key flex ®              211               927,347                 -                   $156.79              -                       -
(1)   for some of our properties, we calculate square footage based on factors in addition to contractually leased square feet, including power, required support space and common area.
(2)   rental rates represent annual estimated cash rent per rentable square foot adjusted for straight-line rents in accordance with gaap. gaap rental rates are inclusive of tenant concessions, if any.
our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. we continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space and, subject to the supply of available data center space in these metropolitan areas, expect the rental rates we are likely to achieve on re-leased or renewed data center space leases for 2016 expirations on an average aggregate basis will generally be higher than the rates currently being paid for the same space on a gaap basis and flat on a cash basis. for the year ended december 31, 2015, rents on renewed space decreased by an average of 4.8% on a gaap basis on our turn-key flex® space compared to the expiring rents and increased by an average of 33.7% on a gaap basis on our powered base building® space compared to the expiring rents. our past performance may not be indicative of future results, and we cannot assure you that leases will be renewed or that our properties will be re-leased at all or at rental rates equal to or above the current average rental rates. further, re-leased/renewed rental rates in a particular metropolitan area may not be consistent with rental rates across our portfolio as a whole and may fluctuate from one period to another due to a number of factors, including local real estate conditions, local
index to financial statements supply and demand for data center space, competition from other data center developers or operators, the condition of the property and whether the property, or space within the property, has been developed.
geographic concentration. we depend on the market for technology-based real estate in specific geographic regions and significant changes in these regional metropolitan areas can impact our future results. as of december 31, 2015, our portfolio, including the 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, was geographically concentrated in the following metropolitan areas:
metropolitan area     percentage of december 31, 2015 total annualized rent (1)
operating expenses. our operating expenses generally consist of utilities, property and ad valorem taxes, property management fees, insurance and site maintenance costs, as well as rental expenses on our ground and building leases. in particular, our buildings require significant power to support the data center operations contained in them. many of our leases contain provisions under which the tenants reimburse us for a portion of property operating expenses and real estate taxes incurred by us. however, we generally are not entitled to reimbursement of property operating expenses, other than utility expense, and real estate taxes under our leases for turn-key flex® facilities. we also incur general and administrative expenses, including expenses relating to our asset management function, as well as significant legal, accounting and other expenses related to corporate governance, sec reporting and compliance with the various provisions of the sarbanes-oxley act. increases or decreases in such operating expenses will impact our overall performance. we expect to incur additional operating expenses as we continue to expand.
climate change legislation. in june 2009, the u.s. house of representatives approved comprehensive clean energy and climate change legislation intended to cut greenhouse gas, or ghg, emissions, via a cap-and-trade program. the u.s. senate did not subsequently pass similar legislation. new climate change legislation was introduced in the u.s. senate in 2013, but significant opposition to federal climate change legislation exists.
as a result, near-term action to reduce ghg emissions likely will be focused on regulatory agencies, primarily the u.s. environmental protection agency, or epa, and state actions. the epa has been moving aggressively to regulate ghg emissions from automobiles and large stationary sources, including electricity producers, using its own authority under the clean air act. the epa made an endangerment finding in 2009 that allows it to create regulations imposing emissions reporting, permitting, control technology installation, and monitoring requirements applicable to certain emitters of ghgs,
index to financial statements including facilities that provide electricity to our data centers, although the materiality of the impacts will not be fully known until all regulations are finalized and legal challenges are resolved.
as of december 31, 2015, the epa has finalized rules imposing permitting and control technology requirements upon certain newly-constructed or modified facilities which emit ghgs under the clean air act new source review prevention of significant deterioration, or nsr psd, and title v permitting programs. as a result, newly-issued nsr psd and title v permits for new or modified electricity generating units (egus) and other facilities may need to address ghg emissions, including by requiring the installation of "best available control technology." the epa implemented in december 2015 the "clean power plan" regulating carbon dioxide (co2) emissions from new and existing coal-fired and natural gas egus. existing egus are subject to statewide co2 emissions reduction targets, an effort designed to achieve a thirty-two percent reduction in nationwide existing egu co2 emissions by 2030 (in comparison to 2005 levels). new, modified, and reconstructed egus are subject to "new source performance standards" that include both technological requirements and numeric emission limits. however, twenty-four states and a number of industry groups challenged the clean power plan in federal court, and in february 2016 the u.s. supreme court issued a stay of the clean power plan until the legal challenges have been decided. separately, the epa's ghg "reporting rule" requires that certain emitters, including electricity generators, monitor and report ghg emissions. at the state level, california implemented a ghg cap-and-trade program that began imposing compliance obligations on industrial sectors, including electricity generators and importers, in january 2013.
in addition, the european union, or eu (including the united kingdom) has been operating since 2005 under a cap-and-trade program, which directly affects the largest emitters of ghgs, including electricity producers from whom we purchase power, and the eu has taken a number of other climate change-related initiatives, including a directive targeted at improving energy efficiency (which introduces energy efficiency auditing requirements).  the paris agreement was adopted by the united states and 194 other countries (although it has not yet been signed) and looks to prevent global average temperatures from increasing by more than 2 degrees celsius above preindustrial levels. national legislation may also be implemented independently by members of the eu.  for example, in the united kingdom, the implementation of the crc energy efficiency scheme introduced a mandatory reporting and pricing scheme that is designed to incentivize energy efficiency and cut emissions by large energy users.
the cost of electric power comprises a significant component of our operating expenses. any additional taxation or regulation of energy use, including as a result of (i) new legislation that congress may pass, (ii) the regulations that the epa has proposed or finalized, (iii) regulations under legislation that states have passed or may pass, or (iv) any further legislation or regulations in the eu could significantly increase our costs, and we may not be able to effectively pass all of these costs on to our tenants. these matters could adversely impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
interest rates. as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $469.5 million of variable rate debt subject to interest rate swap agreements on certain tranches of our unsecured term loan, along with $967.9 million and $455.1 million of variable rate debt that was outstanding on the global revolving credit facility and the unswapped portion of the unsecured term loan, respectively. the availability of debt and equity capital may decrease or be on unfavorable terms as a result of the circumstances described above under "global market and economic conditions." the effects on commercial real estate mortgages, if available, include, but may not be limited to: higher loan spreads, tightened loan covenants, reduced loan to value ratios resulting in lower borrower proceeds and higher principal payments. potential future increases in interest rates and credit spreads may increase our interest expense and fixed charges and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations, potentially impacting our future access to the debt and equity capital markets. increased interest rates may also increase the risk that the counterparties to our swap agreements will default on their obligations, which could further increase our interest expense. if we cannot obtain capital from third party sources, we may not be able to acquire or develop properties when strategic opportunities exist, satisfy our debt service obligations or pay the cash dividends to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders necessary to maintain its qualification as a reit.
demand for data center space. our portfolio of properties consists primarily of technology-related real estate and data center real estate in particular. a decrease in the demand for, or increase in supply of, data center space, internet gateway facilities or other technology-related real estate would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a more diversified tenant base or less specialized use. we have invested in building out additional inventory primarily in what we anticipate will be our active major metropolitan areas prior to having executed leases with respect to this space. demand in our core markets such as virginia, dallas and london are largely in line with supply. we also continue to see strong demand in other key metropolitan areas across our portfolio. however, until this inventory is leased up, which will depend on a number of factors, including available data center space in these metropolitan areas, our return on invested capital is negatively impacted. our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions and the other circumstances described above under "global market and economic conditions,"
index to financial statements as well as adverse developments in the corporate data center, internet and data communications and broader technology industries. any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate it spending or reduced demand for data center space. reduced demand could also result from business relocations, including to metropolitan areas that we do not currently serve. changes in industry practice or in technology, such as virtualization technology, more efficient computing or networking devices, or devices that require higher power densities than today's devices, could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide or make the tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete or in need of significant upgrades to remain viable. in addition, the development of new technologies, the adoption of new industry standards or other factors could render many of our tenants' current products and services obsolete or unmarketable and contribute to a downturn in their businesses, thereby increasing the likelihood that they default under their leases, become insolvent or file for bankruptcy. in addition, demand for data center space in our properties, or the rates at which we lease space, may be adversely impacted either across our portfolio or in specific metropolitan areas as a result of an increase in the number of competitors, or the amount of space being offered in our metropolitan areas and other metropolitan areas by our competitors.
telx acquisition. we believe that the telx acquisition will provide a number of strategic and financial benefits, including providing us a leading colocation and interconnection platform, a premium connectivity infrastructure and enhanced growth potential in attractive locations. however, there can be no assurance that we will realize the intended benefits of the telx acquisition and it may divert management's attention, and disrupt our plans and operations. in addition, we may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities related to telx for which we may have no or limited recourse against the sellers.
critical accounting policies our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. the preparation of these financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses in the reporting period. our actual results may differ from these estimates. we have provided a summary of our significant accounting policies in item 1, note 2 "summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to consolidated financial statements. we describe below those accounting policies that require material subjective or complex judgments and that have the most significant impact on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations. our management evaluates these estimates on an ongoing basis, based upon information currently available and on various assumptions management believes are reasonable as of the date on the front cover of this report.
investments in real estate acquisition of real estate. the price that we pay to acquire a property is impacted by many factors including the condition of the property and improvements, the occupancy of the building, the term and rate of in-place leases, the creditworthiness of the tenants, favorable or unfavorable financing, above or below-market ground leases and numerous other factors.
accordingly, we are required to make subjective assessments to allocate the purchase price paid to acquire investments in real estate among the identifiable assets including intangibles and liabilities assumed based on our estimate of the fair value of such assets and liabilities. this includes determining the value of the property and improvements, land, ground leases, if any, and tenant improvements. additionally, we evaluate the value of in-place leases on occupancy and market rent, the value of the tenant relationships, the value (or negative value) of above (or below) market leases, any debt or deferred taxes assumed from the seller or loans made by the seller to us and any building leases assumed from the seller. each of these estimates requires a great deal of judgment and some of the estimates involve complex calculations. these allocation assessments have a direct impact on our results of operations. for example, if we were to allocate more value to land, there would be no depreciation with respect to such amount. if we were to allocate more value to the property as opposed to allocating to the value of in-place tenant leases, this amount would be recognized as an expense over a much longer period of time. this potential effect occurs because the amounts allocated to property are depreciated over the estimated lives of the property whereas amounts allocated to in-place tenant leases are amortized over the estimated term (including renewal and extension assumptions) of the leases. additionally, the amortization of the value (or negative value) assigned to above (or below) market rate leases is recorded as an adjustment to rental revenue as compared to amortization of the value of in-place tenant leases and tenant relationships, which is included in depreciation and amortization in our condensed consolidated income statements.
from time to time, we will receive offers for sale of our properties, either solicited or unsolicited. for those offers that are accepted, the prospective buyer will usually require a due diligence period before consummation of the transaction. it is not unusual for matters to arise that result in the withdrawal or rejection of the offer during this process. we classify real estate as "held for sale" when all criteria under the gaap guidance has been met.
index to financial statements capitalization of costs. direct and indirect project costs that are clearly associated with the development of properties are capitalized as incurred. project costs include all costs directly associated with the development of a property, including construction costs, interest, property taxes, insurance, legal fees and costs of personnel working on the project. indirect costs that do not clearly relate to the projects under development are not capitalized and are charged to expense as incurred.
capitalization of costs begins when the activities necessary to get the development project ready for its intended use begin, which include costs incurred before the beginning of construction. capitalization of costs ceases when the development project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. determining when a development project commences, and when it is substantially complete and ready for its intended use involves a degree of judgment. we generally consider a development project to be substantially complete and ready for its intended use upon receipt of a certificate of occupancy. if and when development of a property is suspended pursuant to a formal change in the planned use of the property, we will evaluate whether the accumulated costs exceed the estimated value of the project and write off the amount of any such excess accumulated costs. for a development project that is suspended for reasons other than a formal change in the planned use of such property, the accumulated project costs are evaluated for impairment consistent with our impairment policies for long-lived assets. capitalized costs are allocated to the specific components of a project that are benefited.
useful lives of assets. we are required to make subjective assessments as to the useful lives of our properties for purposes of determining the amount of depreciation to record on an annual basis with respect to our investments in real estate. these assessments have a direct impact on our net income because if we were to shorten the expected useful lives of our investments in real estate we would depreciate such investments over fewer years, resulting in more depreciation expense and lower net income on an annual basis.
asset impairment evaluation. we review each of our properties for indicators that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. examples of such indicators may include a significant decrease in the market price of the property, a change in the expected holding period for the property, a significant adverse change in how the property is being used or expected to be used based on the underwriting at the time of acquisition, an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or development of the property, or a history of operating or cash flow losses of the property. when such impairment indicators exist, we review an estimate of the future undiscounted net cash flows (excluding interest charges) expected to result from the real estate investment's use and eventual disposition and compare that estimate to the carrying value of the property. we consider factors such as future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. if our future undiscounted net cash flow evaluation indicates that we are unable to recover the carrying value of a real estate investment, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. these losses have a direct impact on our net income because recording an impairment loss results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income. the evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. since cash flows on properties considered to be long-lived assets to be held and used are considered on an undiscounted basis to determine whether the carrying value of a property is recoverable, our strategy of holding properties over the long-term directly decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable and therefore requiring the recording of an impairment loss. if our strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized and such loss could be material. if we determine that the asset fails the recoverability test, the affected assets must be reduced to their fair value.
we generally estimate the fair value of rental properties utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis that includes projections of future revenues, expenses and capital improvement costs that a market participant would use based on the highest and best use of the asset, which is similar to the income approach that is commonly utilized by appraisers. in certain cases, we may supplement this analysis by obtaining outside broker opinions of value.
revenue recognition rental revenue is recognized using the straight-line method over the terms of the tenant leases. deferred rents included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets represent the aggregate excess of rental revenue recognized to date on a straight-line basis versus the contractual rental payments under the terms of the leases. many of our leases contain provisions under which the tenants reimburse us for a portion of property operating expenses and real estate taxes incurred by us. however, we generally are not entitled to reimbursement of property operating expenses, other than utility expense, and real estate taxes under our leases for turn-key flex® facilities. such reimbursements are recognized in the period that the expenses are incurred. lease termination fees are recognized over the remaining term of the lease, effective as of the date the lease modification is finalized, assuming collection is not considered doubtful. as discussed above, we recognize amortization of the value of acquired above or below-market tenant leases as a reduction of rental revenue in the case of above-market leases or an increase to rental revenue in the case of below-market leases.
index to financial statements we must make subjective estimates as to when our revenue is earned and the collectability of our accounts receivable related to minimum rent, deferred rent, expense reimbursements, lease termination fees and other income. we specifically analyze accounts receivable and historical bad debts, tenant concentrations, tenant creditworthiness and current economic trends when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for bad debts. these estimates have a direct impact on our net revenue because a higher bad debt allowance would result in lower net revenue, and recognizing rental revenue as earned in one period versus another would result in higher or lower net revenue for a particular period.
share-based awards we recognize compensation expense related to share-based awards. we generally amortize this compensation expense over the vesting period of the award. the calculation of the fair value of share-based awards is subjective and requires several assumptions over such items as expected stock volatility, dividend payments and future company results. these assumptions have a direct impact on our net income because a higher share-based awards amount would result in lower net income for a particular period.
index to financial statements results of operations the discussion below relates to our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. a summary of our operating results from continuing operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was as follows (in thousands).
our property portfolio has experienced consistent and significant growth since the first property acquisition in january 2002. as a result of this growth, our period-to-period comparison of our financial performance focuses on the impact on our revenues and expenses on a stabilized portfolio basis. our stabilized portfolio includes properties owned as of december 31, 2013 with less than 5% of total rentable square feet under development and excludes properties that were undergoing, or were expected to undergo, development activities in 2014-2015 and properties sold or contributed to joint ventures.
acquired buildings   acquisition   space under          space held                  net rentable          square feet date          active               for future                   square feet            including development          development                    excluding          development as of                as of                        development                space december 31,         december 31,                   space (2)
(3)   occupancy rates exclude development space. for some of our properties, we calculate occupancy based on factors in addition to contractually leased square feet, including available power, required support space and common area.
(5)   represents properties added as part of the telx acquisition.
portfolio as of december 31, 2015, our portfolio consisted of 139 operating properties, including eight telx properties (of which two are owned and six properties are leased from third parties) and 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, with an aggregate of 25.6 million rentable square feet including 1.3 million square feet of space under active development and 1.3 million square feet of space held for future development compared to a portfolio consisting of 131 operating properties, including 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and developable land, with an aggregate of 24.6 million rentable square feet including 1.3 million square feet of space under active development and 1.2 million square feet of space held for future development as of december 31, 2014 and a portfolio consisting of 132 operating properties, including 12 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and developable land, with an aggregate of 24.5 million rentable square feet including 1.8 million square feet of space under active development and 1.3 million square feet of space held for future development as of december 31, 2013.
stabilized rental revenues and tenant reimbursement revenues decreased for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 primarily as a result of newly vacant space at certain properties along with the british pound sterling and euro weakening against the u.s. dollar offset by new or renewed leases at certain of our properties during the year ended december 31, 2015, the largest of which were for space at 350 east cermak road, 4025 midway road and 1350 duane avenue.
pre-stabilized revenue increases were primarily a result of the telx acquisition, which contributed approximately $42.2 million and $38.9 million to the rental revenue and interconnection revenue increases, respectively, along with new leases at our properties during the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily leases of completed development space, the largest of which were for space at 44060 digital loudoun plaza, 29a international business park, principal park, crawley and 2121 south price road.
stabilized rental revenues increased for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily as a result of new or renewed leases at our properties during the year ended december 31, 2014, the largest of which were for space at 350 east cermak road, 43715 devin shafron drive and the chess building (a property within the sentrum portfolio). stabilized tenant reimbursement revenues increased for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the same period in 2013 primarily as a result of new leasing and higher utility expenses being billed to our tenants, the largest occurrences of which were at 111 8th avenue (2nd and 6th floors), the chess building and 600 west seventh avenue.
pre-stabilized revenue increases were a result of new leases at our properties during the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily leases of completed development space, the largest of which were for space at unit 21 goldsworth park (a property within the sentrum portfolio), 43940 digital loudoun plaza, 2121 south price road, digital houston, 365 south randolphville road and 9333, 9355, 9377 grand avenue.
(3)   interest expense on our global revolving credit facility and unsecured term loan is allocated on a specific property basis.
stabilized rental property operating and maintenance expenses decreased approximately $3.4 million in the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014 primarily as a result of the british pound sterling and euro weakening against the u.s. dollar.
stabilized property taxes decreased by approximately $3.0 million in the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, primarily as a result of successful appeals for taxes at two properties in texas and one property in california within the stabilized pool.
stabilized depreciation and amortization expense decreased approximately $10.3 million in the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, principally because of assets at certain properties being fully amortized during 2014 along with depreciation and amortization adjustments made in 2014.
general and administrative expenses increased by approximately $12.4 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 primarily due to the telx acquisition along with the growth of our company, with an increase in headcount from 2014 to 2015, resulting in additional compensation, along with higher professional fees and marketing expenses.
stabilized other expense increased by approximately $58.6 million due to the write off of straight-line rent receivables related to the telx acquisition ($75.3 million), partially offset by a gain related to the settlement of pre-existing tenant relationships with telx ($14.4 million).
stabilized interest expense increased approximately $7.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, as compared to the same period in 2014 primarily a result of the issuance of the 2022 notes in june 2015 along with $3.9 million of fees related to an unused bridge facility, which was put in place in anticipation of the telx acquisition.
pre-stabilized rental property operating and maintenance expenses increased by approximately $50.2 million in the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014 primarily as a result of the telx acquisition, which contributed approximately $25.2 million to the increase, along with development projects being placed into service leading to higher utility expense in 2015.
index to financial statements pre-stabilized property tax expense increased approximately $4.0 million in the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, principally a result of reassessed value increases at five properties within the pre-stabilized pool.
pre-stabilized change in fair value of contingent consideration decreased approximately $36.2 million primarily as a result of reducing the fair value related to the sentrum acquisition by approximately $45.9 million in 2015. the adjustment was the result of an evaluation by management that no additional leases would be executed for vacant space by july 11, 2015, the contingency expiration date.
pre-stabilized depreciation and amortization expense increased approximately $42.3 million in the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, principally because of the telx acquisition, which contributed approximately $30.7 million to the increase, along with depreciation on development projects that were placed into service in late 2014 and during 2015.
transaction expenses increased by approximately $16.1 million in the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, principally because of the telx acquisition, which was completed in october 2015.
(3)   interest expense on our global revolving credit facility and unsecured term loan is allocated on a specific property basis.
stabilized rental property operating and maintenance expenses decreased approximately $0.9 million in the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013 primarily as a result of higher consumption and utility rates in several of our properties more than offset by a $10.0 million non-cash straight-line rent expense adjustment related to our leasehold interest at 111 8th avenue in new york recorded during the three months ended september 30, 2013.
general and administrative expenses increased by approximately $27.5 million in the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to the $12.7 million severance related to the departure of our former chief executive officer, michael foust recorded in 2014. the severance was determined in accordance with the non-cause termination provisions of mr. foust's existing employment agreement and applicable equity award agreements with the company.
stabilized interest expense decreased approximately $21.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, as compared to the same period in 2013 primarily as a result of lower average outstanding mortgage loan balances during 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to the repayment of the following mortgage loans: clonshaugh industrial estate ii (june 2013), 1500 space park drive (july 2013), paul van vlissingenstraat 16 (july 2013), chemin de l'epinglier 2 (july 2013), mundells roundabout (october 2013), gyroscoopweg 2e-2f (october 2013) and 360 spear street (november 2013) along with the redemption of the 2029 debentures in april 2014.
pre-stabilized rental property operating and maintenance expenses increased by approximately $47.5 million in the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013 primarily as a result of development projects being placed into service leading to higher utility expense in 2014.
transaction expenses decreased by approximately $3.3 million in the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013, principally because there were no significant acquisitions in 2014 compared to the acquisition of seven properties in the year ended december 31, 2013.
impairment of investments in real estate we have identified certain non-core investment properties we intend to sell as part of our capital recycling strategy. our capital recycling program was designed to identify non-strategic and underperforming assets that can be sold to generate proceeds that will support the funding of our core investment activity. we expect our capital recycling initiative will likewise have a meaningfully positive impact on overall return on invested capital. during this process, we are evaluating the carrying value of certain investment properties identified for potential sale to ensure the carrying value is recoverable in light of a potentially shorter holding period. as a result of our evaluation, during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recognized $126.5 million of impairment losses on five properties located in the midwest, northeast and west regions. as of december 31, 2014, these properties did not meet the criteria to be classified as held for sale.
gain on sale of property during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recognized a gain on sale of properties of $94.6 million related to the dispositions of 100 quannapowitt, which sold for $31.1 million in february 2015, 3300 east birch street, which sold for $14.2 million in march 2015, 833 chestnut street, which sold for $160.8 million in april 2015 and 650 randolph road, which sold for $9.2 million in december 2015.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recognized a gain on sale of property of $15.9 million, related to the disposition of 6 braham street, which sold for £25.0 million (or approximately $41.5 million based on the exchange rate as of april 7, 2014, the date of sale).
gain on contribution of properties to unconsolidated joint ventures during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recognized gains of $95.4 million, respectively, related to the contribution of two properties to two unconsolidated joint ventures. we received net proceeds of approximately $178.9 million in connection with these two transactions and retained a 20% interest in each of the joint ventures.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recognized a gain of $115.6 million related to the contribution of nine properties to an unconsolidated joint venture. we received net proceeds of approximately $328.6 million in connection with this transaction and retained a 20% interest in the joint venture.
liquidity and capital resources of the parent company in this "liquidity and capital resources of the parent company" section and in the "liquidity and capital resources of the operating partnership" section below, the term, our "parent company", refers to digital realty trust, inc. on an unconsolidated basis, excluding our operating partnership.
analysis of liquidity and capital resources our parent company's business is operated primarily through our operating partnership of which our parent company is the sole general partner and which it consolidates for financial reporting purposes. because our parent company operates on a consolidated basis with our operating partnership, the section entitled "liquidity and capital resources of the operating
index to financial statements partnership" should be read in conjunction with this section to understand the liquidity and capital resources of our parent company on a consolidated basis and how our company is operated as a whole.
our parent company issues public equity from time to time, but generally does not otherwise generate any capital itself or conduct any business itself, other than incurring certain expenses in operating as a public company which are fully reimbursed by our operating partnership. our parent company itself does not hold any indebtedness other than guarantees of the indebtedness of our operating partnership and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates, and its only material asset is its ownership of partnership interests of our operating partnership. therefore, the consolidated assets and liabilities and the consolidated revenues and expenses of our parent company and our operating partnership are the same on their respective financial statements, except for immaterial differences related to cash, other assets and accrued liabilities that arise from public company expenses paid by our parent company and an intercompany loan that was made and repaid during 2015. however, all debt, other than the intercompany loan, is held directly or indirectly at our operating partnership level. our parent company's principal funding requirement is the payment of dividends on its common and preferred stock. our parent company's principal source of funding for its dividend payments is distributions it receives from our operating partnership.
as the sole general partner of our operating partnership, our parent company has the full, exclusive and complete responsibility for our operating partnership's day-to-day management and control. our parent company causes our operating partnership to distribute such portion of its available cash as our parent company may in its discretion determine, in the manner provided in our operating partnership's partnership agreement. our parent company receives proceeds from its equity issuances from time to time, but is generally required by our operating partnership's partnership agreement to contribute the proceeds from its equity issuances to our operating partnership in exchange for partnership units of our operating partnership.
our parent company is a well-known seasoned issuer with an effective shelf registration statement filed on april 20, 2015, which allows our parent company to register an unspecified amount of various classes of equity securities. as circumstances warrant, our parent company may issue equity from time to time on an opportunistic basis, dependent upon market conditions and available pricing. any proceeds from such equity issuances would be generally contributed to our operating partnership in exchange for additional equity interests in our operating partnership. our operating partnership may use the proceeds to acquire additional properties, to fund development opportunities and for general working capital purposes, including potentially for the repurchase, redemption or retirement of outstanding debt or equity securities.
the liquidity of our parent company is dependent on our operating partnership's ability to make sufficient distributions to our parent company. the primary cash requirement of our parent company is its payment of dividends to its stockholders. our parent company also guarantees our operating partnership's, as well as certain of its subsidiaries' and affiliates', unsecured debt. if our operating partnership or such subsidiaries fail to fulfill their debt requirements, which trigger parent company guarantee obligations, then our parent company will be required to fulfill its cash payment commitments under such guarantees. however, our parent company's only material asset is its investment in our operating partnership.
we believe our operating partnership's sources of working capital, specifically its cash flow from operations, and funds available under its 2016 global revolving credit facility are adequate for it to make its distribution payments to our parent company and, in turn, for our parent company to make its dividend payments to its stockholders. however, we cannot assure you that our operating partnership's sources of capital will continue to be available at all or in amounts sufficient to meet its needs, including making distribution payments to our parent company. the lack of availability of capital could adversely affect our operating partnership's ability to pay its distributions to our parent company, which would in turn, adversely affect our parent company's ability to pay cash dividends to its stockholders.
digital realty trust, inc. entered into equity distribution agreements in june 2011, which we refer to as the 2011 equity distribution agreements, with each of merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith incorporated, citigroup global markets inc., credit suisse securities (usa) llc, deutsche bank securities inc. and morgan stanley & co. llc, or the agents, under which it can issue and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $400.0 million from time to time through, at its discretion, any of the agents as its sales agents. the sales of common stock made under the 2011 equity distribution agreements will be made in "at the market" offerings as defined in rule 415 of the securities act. to date, digital realty trust, inc. has generated net proceeds of approximately $342.7 million from the issuance of approximately 5.7 million common shares under the 2011 equity distribution agreements at an average price of $60.35 per share after payment of approximately $3.5 million of commissions to the sales agents and before offering expenses. no sales were made under the program during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. as of december 31, 2015, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of $53.8 million remained available for offer and sale under the program.
on january 20, 2015, our operating partnership repaid $50.0 million of 4.57% series d unsecured notes under the prudential shelf facility at maturity.
on february 3, 2015, our operating partnership repaid $17.0 million of 4.50% series f unsecured notes under the prudential shelf facility at maturity.
index to financial statements telx acquisition financing on july 20, 2015, our parent company completed an underwritten public offering of 10,500,000 shares of its common stock, or the forward equity offering, all of which were offered in connection with forward sale agreements it entered into with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers. the forward purchasers borrowed and sold 10,500,000 shares of our parent company's common stock in the public offering. we did not receive any proceeds from the sale of our common stock by the forward purchasers in the public offering. on october 8, 2015, our parent company physically settled in full the forward sale agreements by issuing an aggregate of 10,500,000 shares of its common stock to the forward counterparties in exchange for net proceeds of approximately $674.1 million. our parent company used the net proceeds from the physical settlement of the forward sale agreements to fund a portion of the telx acquisition.
on august 24, 2015, our parent company issued an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of its 6.350% series i cumulative redeemable preferred stock for total net proceeds, after underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses, of $241.7 million. our parent company temporarily loaned the net proceeds from the offering to our operating partnership prior to using the net proceeds from the offering to fund a portion of the telx acquisition.
on october 1, 2015, digital delta holdings, llc, a delaware limited liability company and then wholly owned subsidiary of our parent company, issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.400% notes due 2020 (the "3.400% 2020 notes") and $450.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.750% notes due 2025 (the "4.750% 2025 notes" and together with the 3.400% 2020 notes, the "delta holdings notes"), fully and unconditionally guaranteed by our parent company and our operating partnership. the 3.400% 2020 notes and 4.750% 2025 notes bear interest at 3.400% and 4.750% per annum, respectively. interest is payable on april 1 and october 1 of each year, beginning april 1, 2016, until the respective maturity dates of october 1, 2020 and october 1, 2025. prior to the completion of the operating partnership merger (as defined below), the obligations under the delta holdings notes were fully and unconditionally guaranteed by our parent company and our operating partnership. following the consummation of the telx acquisition, on october 13, 2015, digital delta holdings, llc merged with and into our operating partnership, with our operating partnership surviving the merger (the "operating partnership merger"), and our operating partnership became the direct obligor on the delta holdings notes by operation of law. the net proceeds from the offering were used to fund a portion of the telx acquisition.
future uses of cash our parent company may from time to time seek to retire, redeem or repurchase its equity or the debt securities of our operating partnership through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, redemptions or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions or other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
we are also subject to the commitments discussed below under "dividends and distributions."
dividends and distributions our parent company is required to distribute 90% of its taxable income (excluding capital gains) on an annual basis in order for it to continue to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes. accordingly, our parent company intends to make, but is not contractually bound to make, regular quarterly distributions to its common stockholders from cash flow from our operating partnership's operating activities. while historically our parent company has satisfied this distribution requirement by making cash distributions to its stockholders, it may choose to satisfy this requirement by making distributions of cash or other property. all such distributions are at the discretion of our parent company's board of directors. our parent company considers market factors and our operating partnership's performance in addition to reit requirements in determining distribution levels. our parent company has distributed at least 100% of its taxable income annually since inception to minimize corporate level federal income taxes. amounts accumulated for distribution to stockholders are invested primarily in interest-bearing accounts and short-term interest-bearing securities, which are consistent with our intention to maintain our parent company's status as a reit.
as a result of this distribution requirement, our operating partnership cannot rely on retained earnings to fund its on-going operations to the same extent that other companies whose parent companies are not reits can. our parent company may need to continue to raise capital in the debt and equity markets to fund our operating partnership's working capital needs, as well as potential developments at new or existing properties, acquisitions or investments in existing or newly created joint ventures. in addition, our parent company may be required to use borrowings under our 2016 global revolving credit facility, if necessary, to meet reit distribution requirements and maintain our parent company's reit status.
index to financial statements our parent company declared the following dividends on its common and preferred stock during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (in thousands):
(1)   effective february 26, 2013, our parent company converted all outstanding shares of its series d preferred stock into shares of its common stock in accordance with the terms of the series d preferred stock. each share of series d preferred stock was converted into 0.6360 share of our parent company's common stock.
distributions out of our parent company's current or accumulated earnings and profits are generally classified as ordinary income whereas distributions in excess of our company's current and accumulated earnings and profits, to the extent of a stockholder's u.s. federal income tax basis in our parent company's stock, are generally classified as a return of capital. distributions in excess of a stockholder's u.s. federal income tax basis in our parent company's stock are generally characterized as capital gain. cash provided by operating activities has been generally sufficient to fund distributions on an annual basis, however, we may also need to utilize borrowings under the 2016 global revolving credit facility to fund distributions.
the expected tax treatment of distributions on our parent company's common and preferred stock paid in 2015 is as follows: approximately 94% ordinary income and 6% capital gain distribution. the tax treatment of distributions on our parent company's common and preferred stock paid in 2014 was as follows: approximately 82% ordinary income and 18% capital gain distribution. the tax treatment of distributions on our parent company's common and preferred stock paid in 2013 was as follows: approximately 75% ordinary income and 25% capital gain distribution.
liquidity and capital resources of the operating partnership
index to financial statements in this "liquidity and capital resources of the operating partnership" section, the terms "we", "our" and "us" refer to our operating partnership together with its consolidated subsidiaries or our operating partnership and our parent company together with their consolidated subsidiaries, as the context requires.
analysis of liquidity and capital resources our parent company is our sole general partner and consolidates our results of operations for financial reporting purposes. because we operate on a consolidated basis with our parent company, the section entitled "liquidity and capital resources of the parent company" should be read in conjunction with this section to understand our liquidity and capital resources on a consolidated basis.
as of december 31, 2015, we had $57.1 million of cash and cash equivalents, excluding $18.0 million of restricted cash. restricted cash primarily consists of interest-bearing cash deposits required by the terms of several of our mortgage loans for a variety of purposes, including real estate taxes, insurance, anticipated or contractually obligated tenant improvements, as well as capital expenditures.
our short-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of operating expenses, development costs and other expenditures associated with our properties, distributions to our parent company in order for it to make dividend payments on its preferred stock, distributions to our parent company in order for it to make dividend payments to its stockholders required to maintain its reit status, distributions to the unitholders in our operating partnership, capital expenditures, debt service on our loans and, potentially, acquisitions. we expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through net cash provided by operations, restricted cash accounts established for certain future payments and by drawing upon our 2016 global revolving credit facility.
on august 15, 2013, we refinanced our then-existing global revolving credit facility, increasing the total borrowing capacity to $2.0 billion from $1.8 billion. the global revolving credit facility had an accordion feature that enabled us to increase the borrowing capacity of the credit facility to $2.55 billion, subject to the receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. the refinanced facility matured on november 3, 2017, with two six-month extension options available. the interest rate for borrowings under the expanded facility equaled the applicable index plus a margin which was based on the credit ratings of our long-term debt and was currently 110 basis points. an annual facility fee on the total commitment amount of the facility, based on the credit rating of our long-term debt, was 20 basis points and was payable quarterly. funds were available in u.s., canadian, singapore, australian and hong kong dollars, as well as euro, british pound sterling, swiss franc, japanese yen and mexican peso denominations. as of december 31, 2015, borrowings under the global revolving credit facility bore interest at an overall blended rate of 1.53% comprised of 1.46% (u.s. dollars), 1.61% (british pound sterling), 0.90% (euros), 3.16% (australian dollars), 1.33% (hong kong dollars), 1.15% (japanese yen), 1.92% (singapore dollar) and 1.95% (canadian dollars). the interest rates were based on 1-month libor, 1-month gbp libor, 1-month euribor, 1-month bbr, 1-month hibor, 1-month jpy libor, 1-month sor and 1-month cdor, respectively, plus a margin of 1.10%. we have used borrowings under the global revolving credit facility to acquire additional properties, fund development opportunities and to provide for working capital and other corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2015, we have capitalized approximately $18.0 million of financing costs related to the global revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2015, approximately $967.9 million was drawn under this facility and $8.7 million of letters of credit were issued, leaving approximately $0.9 billion available for use.
on january 15, 2016, we refinanced our global revolving credit facility and entered into a global senior credit agreement for a $2.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility that replaced the $2.0 billion revolving credit facility executed on august 15, 2013, as amended. the 2016 global revolving credit facility provides for borrowings in australian dollars, british pounds sterling, canadian dollars, euros, hong kong dollars, japanese yen, singapore dollars, and u.s. dollars, and includes the ability to add additional currencies in the future. the 2016 global revolving credit facility has an accordion feature that would enable us to increase the borrowing capacity of the credit facility up to $2.5 billion, subject to the receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. the 2016 global revolving credit facility matures on january 15, 2020, with two six-month extension options available.
on august 15, 2013, we refinanced the then-existing senior unsecured multi-currency term loan facility, increasing its total borrowing capacity to $1.0 billion from $750.0 million. pursuant to the accordion feature, total commitments could be increased to $1.1 billion, subject to the receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. the facility matures on april 16, 2017, with two six-month extension options available. interest rates were based on our senior unsecured debt ratings and were 120 basis points over the applicable index for floating rate advances. funds were available in u.s, singapore and australian dollars, as well as euro and british pound sterling denominations with the option to add hong kong dollars and japanese yen upon an accordion exercise. based on exchange rates in effect at december 31, 2015, the balance outstanding was approximately $1.0 billion. we have used borrowings under the term loan for acquisitions, repayment of indebtedness, development, working capital and general corporate purposes. the covenants under the term loan facility are consistent with
index to financial statements our global revolving credit facility and, as of december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with all of such covenants. as of december 31, 2015, we have capitalized approximately $8.4 million of financing costs related to the unsecured term loan.
on january 15, 2016, we refinanced our senior unsecured multi-currency term loan facility and entered into a term loan agreement, which governs (i) a $1.25 billion 5-year senior unsecured term loan (the "5-year term loan") and (ii) a $300 million 7-year senior unsecured term loan (the "7-year term loan"). the term loan agreement replaced the $1.0 billion term loan agreement executed on april 16, 2012, as amended. the term loan agreement provides for borrowings in australian dollars, british pounds sterling, canadian dollars, euros, hong kong dollars, japanese yen, singapore dollars and u.s. dollars. the maturity date of the 5-year term loan is january 15, 2021 and the maturity date of the 7-year term loan is january 15, 2023. in addition, we have the ability from time to time to increase the aggregate size of lending under the term loan agreement from $1.5 billion up to $1.8 billion, subject to receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent.
for a discussion of the potential impact of current global economic and market conditions on our liquidity and capital resources, see "-factors which may influence future results of operations-global market and economic conditions" above.
our parent company commenced its at-the-market equity distribution program in june 2011, which is discussed under "liquidity and capital resources of the parent company" above. to date, our parent company has generated net proceeds of approximately $342.7 million from the issuance of approximately 5.7 million shares of common stock under the program at an average price of $60.35 per share after payment of approximately $3.5 million of commissions to the sales agents before offering expenses. the proceeds from the issuances were contributed to us in exchange for the issuance of approximately 5.7 million common units to our parent company. no sales were made under the program during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. as of december 31, 2015, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of $53.8 million remained available for offer and sale under the program.
on february 5, 2015, we sold the 100 quannapowitt property for approximately $31 million. the transaction after costs resulted in net proceeds of approximately $29 million and a net gain of approximately $10 million. the property was identified as held for sale as of december 31, 2014. 100 quannapowitt was not a significant component of our u.s. portfolio nor does the sale represent a significant shift in our strategy.
on april 30, 2015, we sold the 833 chestnut street property for approximately $161 million. the transaction after costs and buyer credits resulted in net proceeds of approximately $159 million, including a $9 million note receivable, and a net gain of approximately $77 million. the property was identified as held for sale as of march 31, 2015. 833 chestnut street was not a significant component of our u.s. portfolio nor does the sale represent a significant shift in our strategy.
on may 26, 2015, we redeemed $375.0 million, the entire outstanding principal amount, of its 4.50% notes due 2015 (the "2015 notes"), at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount of the 2015 notes plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon up to, but excluding, the redemption date.
on june 23, 2015, we issued $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of notes, maturing on july 1, 2022 with an interest rate of 3.950% per annum. the public offering price was 99.236% of the principal amount. the 3.950% 2022 notes are general unsecured senior obligations of our operating partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of our operating partnership and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by our parent company. interest on the 3.950% 2022 notes is payable on january 1 and july 1 of each year, beginning on january 1, 2016. the net proceeds from the offering after deducting the original issue discount of approximately $3.8 million and underwriting commissions and expenses of approximately $4.4 million was approximately $491.8 million. our operating partnership will use the net proceeds from the offering of the notes to fund certain eligible green projects, including the development and redevelopment of such projects. pending such uses, our operating partnership temporarily repaid borrowings under its global revolving credit facility.
the growing acceptance by private institutional investors of the data center asset class has generally pushed capitalization rates lower as such private investors typically have lower return expectations than we do. as a result, we anticipate that near-term acquisitions activity will comprise a smaller percentage of our growth until seller price expectations realign with our return requirements.
(3)   represents estimated cost to complete specific scope of work pursuant to contract, budget or approved capital plan.
land inventory and space held for development reflect cumulative cost spent pending future development. base building construction consists of ongoing improvements to building infrastructure in preparation for future data center fit-out. datacenter construction includes 0.6 million square feet of turn key flex®, powered base building®, and custom solutions product with a cost to date of approximately $311.5 million. generally, we expect to deliver the space within 12 months; however, lease commencement dates may significantly impact final delivery schedules. equipment pool and other inventory represent the value of long-lead equipment and materials required for timely deployment and delivery of data center construction fit-out. campus, tenant improvements and other costs include the value of development work which benefits space recently converted to our operating portfolio and is composed primarily of shared infrastructure projects and first-generation tenant improvements.
future uses of cash our properties require periodic investments of capital for tenant-related capital expenditures and for general capital improvements. as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately 1.3 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.3 million square feet of space held for future development and we also owned approximately 0.6 million net rentable square feet of data center space with extensive installed tenant improvements. turn-key flex® space is move-in-ready space for the placement of computer and network equipment required to provide a data center environment. depending on demand for additional turn-key flex® space, we expect to incur significant tenant improvement costs to build out and develop these types of spaces. at december 31, 2015, approximately 1.3 million square feet was under construction for turn-key flex®, powered base building® and custom solutions products, all of which are expected to be income producing on or after completion, in three u.s. domestic metropolitan areas, one european metropolitan area, one canadian metropolitan area and our singapore metropolitan area, consisting of approximately 0.7 million square feet of base building construction and 0.6
index to financial statements million square feet of data center construction. at december 31, 2015, we had commitments under construction contracts for approximately $157.6 million. we currently expect to incur approximately $750.0 million to $900.0 million of capital expenditures for our development programs during the year ending december 31, 2016, although this amount may increase or decrease, potentially materially, based on numerous factors, including changes in demand, leasing results and availability of debt or equity capital.
historical capital expenditures year ended december 31,
recurring capital expenditures                               91,876                    52,561
total capital expenditures (excluding indirect costs)      $626,721                  $804,807
for the year ended december 31, 2015, total capital expenditures decreased $178.1 million to approximately $626.7 million from $804.8 million for the same period in 2014. capital expenditures on our development projects plus our enhancement and improvements projects for the year ended december 31, 2015 were approximately $534.8 million, which reflects a decrease of approximately 29% from the same period in 2014. this decrease was primarily due to completion of and decreased spending for ground-up custom solutions projects, turn-key flex and base building improvements. our development capital expenditures are generally funded by our available cash and equity and debt capital.
indirect costs related to construction and leasing activities, including capitalized interest, capitalized in the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were $69.6 million and $70.5 million, respectively. capitalized interest comprised approximately $12.9 million and $20.4 million, respectively, of the total indirect costs capitalized for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. capitalized interest in the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased compared to the same period in 2014 due to a reduction in qualifying activities. excluding capitalized interest, the indirect costs increased in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 due primarily to capitalized amounts relating to compensation expense of employees directly engaged in construction and leasing activities. see "-future uses of cash" above for a discussion of the amount of capital expenditures we expect to incur during the year ending december 31, 2016.
the environmental cleanup work required at the 47700 kato road and 1055 page avenue property resulting from a prior tenant's activities has been completed. the prior tenant of these buildings completed most of the remaining required environmental cleanup work.  in january 2016, we sold this property to an unrelated third party. we continue to seek recovery of past costs incurred for previous environmental cleanup work, as well as other damages.  we cannot at this time estimate the likelihood of recovery or the impact on our financial condition and results of operations, however, the amounts are not expected to be material.
we are also subject to the commitments discussed below under "commitments and contingencies," "off-balance sheet arrangements" and "distributions."
we actively pursue opportunities for potential acquisitions, with due diligence and negotiations often at different stages at different times. the dollar value of acquisitions for the year ending december 31, 2016 will be based on numerous factors, including tenant demand, leasing results, availability of debt or equity capital and acquisition opportunities.
we may from time to time seek to retire or repurchase our outstanding debt or the equity of our parent company through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities of our parent company in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions or other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
we expect to meet our short- and long-term liquidity requirements, including to pay for scheduled debt maturities and to fund property acquisitions and non-recurring capital improvements, with net cash from operations, future long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness and the issuance of equity and debt securities and the proceeds of equity issuances by our parent company. we also may fund future short- and long-term liquidity requirements, including property acquisitions and non-recurring capital improvements using our 2016 global revolving credit facility pending permanent financing along with proceeds from planned dispositions of non-core properties. if we are not able to obtain additional financing on terms attractive to us, or at all, including as a result of the circumstances described above under "factors which may influence future results of operations-global market and economic conditions", we may be required to reduce our acquisition or capital expenditure plans, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business and results of operations.
index to financial statements distributions all distributions on our units are at the discretion of our parent company's board of directors. in 2015, 2014 and 2013, our operating partnership declared the following distributions (in thousands):
date distribution                      distribution payable date                series d preferred units                     series e preferred units         series f preferred units         series g preferred units               series h preferred units         series i preferred units                         common declared                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 units february 12, 2013                      march 29, 2013                           $-                               (1)                $5,031                           $3,023                               $-                                     $-                    $-                                        $102,506        (2)
october 23, 2013                       december 31, 2013 for preferred units;   -                                                    5,031                            3,023                            3,672                                      -                    -                                          102,509        (2)
january 15, 2014 for common units
november 4, 2014                       december 31, 2014 for preferred units;   -                                                    5,031                            3,023                            3,672                                  6,730                    -                                          115,016        (4)
january 15, 2015 for common units
november 12, 2015                      december 31, 2015 for preferred units;   -                                                    5,031                            3,023                            3,672                                  6,730                    5,600                            (7)       126,827        (6)
january 15, 2016 for common units
annual rate of distribution per unit                                            $1.375                                                         $1.750                           $1.656                           $1.469                                 $1.844         $1.588
(1)   effective february 26, 2013, in connection with the conversion of the series d preferred stock by digital realty trust, inc., all of the outstanding series d preferred units were converted into common units in accordance with the terms of the series d preferred units. each series d preferred unit was converted into 0.6360 common unit of our operating partnership.
(2)   $3.120 annual rate of distribution per unit.
(4)   $3.320 annual rate of distribution per unit.
(6)   $3.400 annual rate of distribution per unit.
commitments and contingencies as part of the 29a international business park asset acquisition in 2010, the seller could earn additional consideration based on future net operating income growth in excess of certain performance targets, as defined in the agreements for the acquisition. the earnout contingency expires in november 2020. the maximum amount that could be earned by the seller is $50.0 million sgd (or approximately $35.2 million based on the exchange rate as of december 31, 2015). as of december 31, 2014, $12.6 million had been accrued related to this earnout agreement, which was subsequently paid in 2015. during 2015, the remaining performance targets were achieved and the company accrued an additional $19.4 million. the remaining earnout payments will be made in 2016 and 2020 per the terms of the earnout agreement. the amounts accrued have been discounted based on their expected payment date and capitalized to building and improvements as the original purchase was accounted for as an asset acquisition.
one of the tenants at our convergence business park property has an option to expand as part of their lease agreement, which expires in april 2017. as part of this option, development activities were not permitted on specifically identified
index to financial statements expansion space within the property until april 2014. from april 2014 through april 2017, the tenant has the right of first refusal on any third party's bona fide offer to buy the adjacent land. if the tenant exercises their option, we may either construct and lease to the tenant an additional shell building on the expansion space at a stipulated rate of return on cost or sell the existing building and the expansion space to the tenant for a price of approximately $24.0 million and $225,000 per square acre, respectively, plus additional adjustments as provided in the lease.
as part of the acquisition of the sentrum portfolio, the seller could earn additional consideration based on future net returns on vacant space to be developed, but not currently leased, as defined in the purchase agreement for the acquisition. the initial estimate of fair value of the contingent consideration liability was approximately £56.5 million (or approximately $87.6 million based on the exchange rate as of july 11, 2012, the acquisition date). we have adjusted the contingent consideration to fair value at each reporting date with changes in fair value recognized in operating income. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we reduced the fair value by approximately £30.3 million. the adjustment was the result of an evaluation by management that no additional leases would be executed for vacant space by july 11, 2015, the contingency expiration date. the final payment on the earnout was made in august 2015. we made earnout payments of approximately £0.7 million (or approximately $1.1 million based on the exchange rates as of the date of each payment) during the year ended december 31, 2015. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we made earnout payments of approximately £6.2 million (or approximately $10.3 million based on the exchange rates as of the date of each payment). from the acquisition date through december 31, 2015, we have made earnout payments of approximately £23.8 million (or approximately $37.2 million based on the exchange rates as of the date of each payment). the earn-out contingency expired in july 2015. the change in fair value of contingent consideration for sentrum was recorded as a reduction to operating expense of approximately $43.0 million, $8.4 million and $1.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
on july 22, 2015, we entered into a settlement agreement with former chief executive officer michael foust, pursuant to which the parties acknowledged the cancellation of 127,644 profits interest units in the operating partnership held by mr. foust, and we agreed to pay mr. foust $8.0 million in full satisfaction of any and all amounts owing to mr. foust as a result of his employment with the company and the termination thereof. in connection with the settlement, mr. foust and the company agreed to dismiss with prejudice the litigation between the parties relating to mr. foust's employment and termination of employment, and each party released claims against the other party. we previously recorded an expense of approximately $12.7 million in connection with mr. foust's severance payments and reversed the excess expense of approximately $4.6 million in the three months ending september 30, 2015 as a reduction to general and administrative expense in the condensed and consolidated income statement.
as of december 31, 2015, we were a party to interest rate swap agreements which hedge variability in cash flows related the u.s. libor and sgd-sor based tranches of the unsecured term loan. under these swaps, we pay variable-rate amounts in exchange for fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying principal amounts. see item 7a "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
(1)   includes $967.9 million of borrowings under our global revolving credit facility and $924.6 million of borrowings under our unsecured term loan, which were refinanced in january 2016, and excludes $0.4 million of loan premiums related to assumed mortgage loans, $4.1 million discount on the 5.875% 2020 notes, $1.1 million discount on the 3.400% 2020 notes, $0.5 million discount on the 2021 notes, $2.8 million discount on the 3.625% 2022 notes, $3.6 million discount on the 3.950% 2022 notes, $2.3 million on the 2023 notes and $3.5 million on the 4.250% 2025 notes.
(3)   this is comprised of ground lease payments on 2010 east centennial circle, chemin de l'epinglier 2, clonshaugh industrial estate i and ii, paul van vlissingenstraat 16, gyroscoopweg 2e-2f, naritaweg 52, manchester technopark and 29a international business park. after february 2036, rent for the remaining term of the 2010 east centennial circle ground lease will be determined based on a fair market value appraisal of the asset and, as a result, is excluded from the above information. after december 2036, rent for the remaining term of the naritaweg 52 ground lease will be determined based on a fair market value appraisal of the asset and, as a result, is excluded from the above information. the chemin de l'epinglier 2 ground lease which expires in july 2074 contains potential inflation increases which are not reflected in the table above. the paul van vlissingenstraat 16, chemin de l'epinglier 2, gyroscoopweg 2e-2f, naritaweg 52 and clonshaugh industrial estate i and ii amounts are translated at the december 31, 2015 exchange rate of $1.09 to €1.00. the manchester technopark amounts are translated at the december 31, 2015 exchange rate of $1.47 to £1.00. the 29a international business park amounts are translated at the december 31, 2015 exchange rate of $0.70 to s$1.00.
(4)   from time to time in the normal course of our business, we enter into various construction contracts with third parties that may obligate us to make payments. at december 31, 2015, we had open commitments related to construction contracts of $157.6 million.
index to financial statements outstanding consolidated indebtedness the table below summarizes our debt maturities and principal payments as of december 31, 2015 (in thousands):
global revolving credit facility (1)         unsecured term loan (1)       prudential shelf facility (2)       senior notes                     mortgage loans (3)                   total debt
(1)   subject to two six-month extension options exercisable by us. the bank group was obligated to grant the extension options provided we gave proper notice, we made certain representations and warranties and no default existed under the global revolving credit facility and the unsecured term loan, as applicable. in january 2016, we completed the refinancing of our global revolving credit facility and term loan. the combined refinanced facilities total $3.55 billion, consisting of a $2.0 billion line of credit and a $1.55 billion term loan.
(2)   on january 6, 2016, we repaid the $25.0 million of 9.68% series d unsecured notes under the prudential shelf facility at maturity.
as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $5.9 billion of outstanding consolidated long-term debt as set forth in the table above. our ratio of debt to total enterprise value was approximately 32% (based on the closing price of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock on december 31, 2015 of $75.62). for this purpose, our total enterprise value is defined as the sum of the market value of digital realty trust, inc.'s outstanding common stock (which may decrease, thereby increasing our debt to total enterprise value ratio), excluding options issued under our incentive award plan, plus the liquidation value of digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock, plus the aggregate value of our operating partnership's units not held by digital realty
index to financial statements trust, inc. (with the per unit value equal to the market value of one share of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock and excluding long-term incentive units, class c units and class d units), plus the book value of our total consolidated indebtedness.
the variable rate debt shown above bore interest at interest rates based on various one-month libor, euribor, gbp libor, sor, bbr, hibor, jpy libor, cdor and u.s. prime rates, depending on the respective agreement governing the debt, including our global revolving credit facility and unsecured term loan. as of december 31, 2015, our debt had a weighted average term to initial maturity of approximately 4.7 years (or approximately 5.1 years assuming exercise of extension options).
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015, we were party to interest rate swap agreements related to $469.5 million of outstanding principal on our variable rate debt. see item 7a "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
net cash provided by operating activities                   $799,232                $655,888                  $656,390
net cash used in investing activities                     (2,526,022    )           (644,180    )           (1,060,609    )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities        1,749,029                 (26,974    )              401,832
cash provided by operating activities in 2015 increased approximately $146.1 million over 2014 which was consistent with cash provided by operating activities in 2013. the 2015 increase is due to the acquisition of telx and increased revenues from new leasing at our same store properties, completed and leased development space which was partially offset by increased operating and interest expenses. our portfolio consisted of 139 operating properties at december 31, 2015 versus 131 operating properties as of december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013.
net cash used in investing activities in 2015 increased $1.9 billion over 2014 due to the acquisition of telx, partially offset by proceeds from property sales of $185.6 million. net cash used in investing activities decreased in 2014 as compared to 2013 due to a decrease in cash paid for acquisitions and capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to december 2013. in addition, cash used in investing activities was lower in 2013 due to the contribution of properties to the joint venture with prudential in september 2013 ($328.6 million).
index to financial statements net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities for the company consisted of the following amounts (in thousands).
net cash provided (used in) by financing activities                                                $1,749,029                $(26,974    )           $401,832
the cash provided by financing activities in 2015 reflect a $1.8 billion increase over 2014. the increase is a result of lower net payments on borrowings along with the sale of common stock, issuance of series i preferred stock, and the sale of unsecured notes due 2020, 2022 and 2025. taken together, 2015 financing activities primarily supported the acquisition of telx. the increase in dividend and distribution payments for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the same period in 2014 was due to an increase in the number of shares outstanding and dividend amount per share of common stock in 2015 as compared to 2014 and the payment of dividends on series h preferred stock and series i preferred stock during the year ended december 31, 2015, whereas these series of preferred stock were not outstanding for the entire-or, in the case of the series i preferred stock, any portion of-the year ended december 31, 2014.
the decrease in net cash (used in) provided by financing activities was primarily due to the issuance of our 2025 notes (net proceeds of $630.0 million) in january 2013 along with lower net repayments during the year ended december 31, 2013 (net proceeds of $2.1 million) as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 (net repayments of $355.9 million) partially offset by the issuance of our 2023 notes (net proceeds of $495.9 million) in april 2014. the increase in dividend and distribution payments for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the same period in 2013 was due to an increase in the number of shares outstanding and dividend amount per share of common stock in 2014 as compared to 2013 and the payment of dividends on series g preferred stock and series h preferred stock during the year ended december 31, 2014, whereas these series of preferred stock were not outstanding for the entire-or, in the case of the series h preferred stock, any portion of-the year ended december 31, 2013.
net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities for the operating partnership consisted of the following amounts (in thousands).
net cash provided (used in) by financing activities      $1,749,029                $(26,974    )           $401,832
the cash provided by financing activities in 2015 reflect a $1.8 billion increase over 2014. the increase is a result of lower net payments on borrowings along with $919.8 million of general partner contributions, and the sale of unsecured notes due 2020, 2022, 2025 and 2020. taken together, 2015 financing activities primarily supported the acquisition of telx. the increase in distribution payments for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the same period in 2014 was due to an increase in the number of units outstanding and distribution amount per common unit in 2015 as compared to 2014 and the payment of distributions on our series h preferred units and series i preferred units during the year ended december 31, 2015,
index to financial statements whereas these series of preferred units were not outstanding for the entire-or, in the case of the series i preferred units, any portion of-the year ended december 31, 2014.
the decrease in net cash (used in) provided by financing activities was primarily due to the issuance of our 2025 notes (net proceeds of $630.0 million) in january 2013, along with lower net repayments during the year ended december 31, 2013 (net proceeds of $2.1 million) as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 (net repayments of $355.9 million) partially offset by the issuance of our 2023 notes (net proceeds of $495.9 million) in april 2014. the increase in distribution payments for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the same period in 2013 was due to an increase in the number of units outstanding and distribution amount per common unit in 2014 as compared to 2013 and the payment of distributions on our series g preferred units and series h preferred units during the year ended december 31, 2014, whereas these series of preferred units were not outstanding for the entire-or, in the case of the series h preferred units, any portion of-the year ended december 31, 2013.
noncontrolling interests in operating partnership noncontrolling interests relate to the common units in our operating partnership that are not owned by digital realty trust, inc., which, as of december 31, 2015, amounted to 1.9% of our operating partnership common units. in conjunction with our formation, our operating partnership issued common units to third party sellers in connection with our acquisition of real estate interests from such third parties.
limited partners who acquired common units in connection with our formation have the right to require our operating partnership to redeem part or all of their common units for cash based upon the fair market value of an equivalent number of shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock at the time of the redemption. alternatively, we may elect to acquire those common units in exchange for shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, issuance of stock rights, specified extraordinary distributions and similar events. pursuant to registration rights agreements we entered into with third party contributors, we filed a shelf registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of our common stock issuable upon redemption of the common units, and the resale of those shares of common stock by the holders.
inflation many of our leases provide for separate real estate tax and operating expense escalations. in addition, many of the leases provide for fixed base rent increases. we believe that inflationary increases may be at least partially offset by the contractual rent increases and expense escalations described above.
funds from operations we calculate funds from operations, or ffo, in accordance with the standards established by the national association of real estate investment trusts, or nareit. ffo represents net income (loss) available to common stockholders (computed in accordance with u.s. gaap), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, gain from settlement of pre-existing relationships with telx, impairment charges, real estate related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs) and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. management uses ffo as a supplemental performance measure because, in excluding real estate related depreciation and amortization and gains and losses from property dispositions, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, captures trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. we also believe that, as a widely recognized measure of the performance of reits, ffo will be used by investors as a basis to compare our operating performance with that of other reits. however, because ffo excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of our properties that result from use or market conditions, nor the level of capital expenditures and leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which have real economic effect and could materially impact our financial condition and results from operations, the utility of ffo as a measure of our performance is limited. other reits may not calculate ffo in accordance with the nareit definition and, accordingly, our ffo may not be comparable to such other reits' ffo. accordingly, ffo should be considered only as a supplement to net income as a measure of our performance.
(in thousands, except per share and unit data)
(unaudited)
gain on settlement of pre-existing relationships with telx                                                     (14,355    )                  -                       -
ffo available to common stockholders and unitholders(2)                                                       $687,896                $691,966                $636,426
basic ffo per share and unit                                                                                     $4.88                   $5.08                   $4.88
diluted ffo per share and unit(2)                                                                                $4.86                   $5.04                   $4.74
weighted average common stock and units outstanding basic                                                                                                          140,906                 136,123                 130,463
(2)   for all periods presented, we have excluded the effect of dilutive series e, series f, series g, series h and series i preferred stock, as applicable, that may be converted upon the occurrence of specified change in control transactions as described in the articles supplementary governing the series e, series f, series g, series h and series i preferred stock, as applicable, which we consider highly improbable. in addition, the 5.50% exchangeable senior debentures due 2029 were exchangeable for 0, 1,958 and 6,650 common shares on a weighted average basis for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. see below for calculations of diluted ffo available to common stockholders and unitholders and weighted average common stock and units outstanding.
ffo available to common stockholders and unitholders                                                                              $687,896                $691,966                $636,426
ffo available to common stockholders and unitholders-diluted                                                                      $687,896                $696,691                $652,626
weighted average common stock and units outstanding                                                                                140,906                 136,123                 130,463
add: effect of dilutive securities (excluding series d convertible preferred stock and 5.50% exchangeable senior debentures)           618                     287                     187
weighted average common stock and units outstanding-diluted                                                                        141,524                 138,368                 137,771
index to financial statements new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted in february 2015, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) no. 2015-02, consolidation (topic 810): amendments to the consolidation analysis, which provides guidance on the consolidation evaluation for reporting organizations that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. in accordance with the guidance, all legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. the guidance is effective in the first quarter of 2016, and early adoption is permitted. we do not expect the adoption of asu 2015-02 to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
on april 1, 2015, the fasb voted to defer the effective date of asu no. 2014-09, which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenues arising from contracts with customers and notes that lease contracts with customers are a scope exception. public business entities may elect to adopt the amendments as of the original effective date; however, if the proposed deferral is approved, adoption is required for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017. we are currently assessing the impact of the guidance on our consolidated financial statements.
on april 17, 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-03, simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs, which requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the associated debt liability. currently, debt issuance costs are recorded as an asset and amortization of these deferred financing costs is recorded in interest expense. under the new standard, debt issuance costs will continue to be amortized over the life of the debt instrument and amortization will continue to be recorded in interest expense. the new standard is effective for the company on january 1, 2016 and will be applied on a retrospective basis. we are currently evaluating asu 2015-03, and anticipate a change in our presentation only since the standard does not alter the accounting for debt issuance costs.
in september 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-16, simplifying the accounting for measurement period adjustments (topic 805). asu 2015-16 requires an acquirer in a business combination to recognize provisional amounts when measurements were incomplete as of the end of a reporting period as an adjustment in the reporting period in which the provisional amount is determined. prior to this standard, the acquirer was required to adjust such provisional amounts by restating prior period financial statements. asu 2015-16 is effective for the annual period ending december 31, 2016 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter with early adoption permitted. we elected to early adopt this standard effective with the interim period beginning july 1, 2015 and this standard did not have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, leases (topic 842), which sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e., lessees and lessors). the new standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by the lessee. this classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. a lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. leases with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases today. the new standard requires lessors to account for leases using an approach that is substantially equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases, direct financing leases and operating leases. the asu is expected to impact our consolidated financial statements as we have certain operating and land lease arrangements for which we are the lessee. asu 2016-02 supersedes the previous leases standard, leases (topic 840). the standard is effective on january 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. we are currently in the process of evaluating the impact the adoption of asu 2016-02 will have on our financial position or results of operations.