item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
(in millions, except per share data or as otherwise stated herein)
references in this annual report on form 10-k to the terms "we," "our," "us," "anthem" or the "company" refer to anthem, inc., an indiana corporation, and, unless the context otherwise requires, its direct and indirect subsidiaries.
this management's discussion and analysis, or md&a, should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
overview we manage our operations through three reportable segments: commercial and specialty business, government business and other. we regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity and changing laws and regulations. therefore, these reportable segments may change in the future.
our commercial and specialty business segment includes our local group, national accounts, individual and specialty businesses. business units in the commercial and specialty business segment offer fully-insured health products; provide a broad array of managed care services to self-funded customers including claims processing, underwriting, stop loss insurance, actuarial services, provider network access, medical cost management, disease management, wellness programs and other administrative services; and provide an array of specialty and other insurance products and services such as dental, vision, life and disability insurance benefits, radiology benefit management and analytics-driven personal health care guidance.
our government business segment includes medicare and medicaid businesses, national government services, or ngs, and services provided to the federal government in connection with the federal employee program, or fep. medicare business includes services such as medicare advantage, medicare part d, and medicare supplement. medicaid business includes our managed care alternatives through publicly funded health care programs, including medicaid; temporary assistance for needy family, or tanf, programs; programs for seniors and people with disabilities, or spd; programs for long-term services and support, or ltss; children's health insurance programs, or chip, and medicaid expansion programs. ngs acts as a medicare contractor for the federal government in several regions across the nation.
our other segment includes other businesses that do not meet the quantitative thresholds for an operating segment as defined by financial accounting standards board, or fasb, guidance, as well as corporate expenses not allocated to the other reportable segments.
our operating revenue consists of premiums, administrative fees and other revenue. premium revenue comes from fully-insured contracts where we indemnify our policyholders against costs for covered health and life benefits. administrative fees come from contracts where our customers are self-insured, or where the fee is based on either processing of transactions or a percent of network discount savings realized. additionally, we earn administrative fee revenues from our medicare processing business and from other health-related businesses including disease management programs. other revenue includes miscellaneous income other than premium revenue and administrative fees.
our benefit expense primarily includes costs of care for health services consumed by our fully-insured members, such as outpatient care, inpatient hospital care, professional services (primarily physician care) and pharmacy benefit costs. all four components are affected both by unit costs and utilization rates. unit costs include the cost of outpatient medical procedures per visit, inpatient hospital care per admission, physician fees per office visit and prescription drug prices. utilization rates represent the volume of consumption of health services and typically vary with the age and health status of our members and their social and lifestyle choices, along with clinical protocols and medical practice patterns in each of our markets. a portion of benefit expense recognized in each reporting period consists of actuarial estimates of claims incurred but not yet paid by us. any changes in these estimates are recorded in the period the need for such an adjustment arises. while we offer a diversified mix of managed care products and services through our managed care plans, our aggregate cost of care can fluctuate based on a change in the overall mix of these products and services. our managed care plans include: preferred provider organizations, or ppos; health maintenance organizations, or hmos; point-of-service plans, or pos plans;
traditional indemnity plans and other hybrid plans, including consumer-driven health plans, or cdhps; and hospital only and limited benefit products.
we classify certain claims-related costs as benefit expense to reflect costs incurred for our members' traditional medical care, as well as those expenses which improve our members' health and medical outcomes. these claims-related costs may be comprised of expenses incurred for: (i) medical management, including case and utilization management; (ii) health and wellness, including disease management services for such conditions as diabetes, high-risk pregnancies, congestive heart failure and asthma management and wellness initiatives like weight-loss programs and smoking cessation treatments; and (iii) clinical health policy. these types of claims-related costs are designed to ultimately lower our members' cost of care.
our selling expense consists of external broker commission expenses, and generally varies with premium or membership volume. our general and administrative expense consists of fixed and variable costs. examples of fixed costs are depreciation, amortization and certain facilities expenses. certain variable costs, such as premium taxes, vary directly with premium volume. other variable costs, such as salaries and benefits, do not vary directly with changes in premium, but are more aligned with changes in membership. the acquisition or loss of a significant block of business would likely impact staffing levels, and thus associated compensation expense. other variable costs include professional and consulting expenses and advertising. other factors can impact our administrative cost structure, including systems efficiencies, inflation and changes in productivity.
our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health care costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. several economic factors related to health care costs, such as regulatory mandates of coverage as well as direct-to-consumer advertising by providers and pharmaceutical companies, have a direct impact on the volume of care consumed by our members. the potential effect of escalating health care costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in health care costs, including increases in unit costs and utilization resulting from the aging of the population and other demographics, as well as advances in medical technology, may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business, and may have a material impact on our results of operations.
on july 24, 2015, we and cigna corporation, or cigna, announced that we entered into an agreement and plan of merger, or merger agreement, dated as of july 23, 2015, by and among anthem, cigna and anthem merger sub corp., a delaware corporation and our direct wholly-owned subsidiary, pursuant to which we will acquire all outstanding shares of cigna, or the acquisition. the acquisition will further our goal of creating a premier health benefits company with critical diversification and scale to lead the transformation of health care delivery for consumers. cigna is a global health services organization that delivers affordable and personalized products and services to customers through employer-based, government-sponsored and individual coverage arrangements. all of cigna's products and services are provided exclusively by or through its operating subsidiaries, including connecticut general life insurance company, cigna health and life insurance company, life insurance company of north america and cigna life insurance company of new york. such products and services include an integrated suite of health services, such as medical, dental, behavioral health, pharmacy, vision, supplemental benefits, and other related products including group life, accident and disability insurance. cigna maintains sales capability in 30 countries and jurisdictions.
under the terms of the merger agreement, cigna's shareholders will receive $103.40 in cash and 0.5152 shares of our common stock for each cigna common share outstanding. the value of the transaction is estimated to be approximately $53,000.0 based on the closing price of our common stock on the new york stock exchange on july 23, 2015. the final purchase price will be determined based on our closing stock price on the date of closing of the acquisition. the combined company will reflect a pro forma equity ownership comprised of approximately 67% anthem shareholders and approximately 33% cigna shareholders. we expect to finance the cash portion of the acquisition through available cash on hand and the issuance of new debt. we entered into a bridge facility commitment letter and a joinder agreement with a group of lenders which will provide up to $22,500.0 under a 364-day senior unsecured bridge term loan credit facility to finance the acquisition in the event that we have not received proceeds from any combination of (i) senior unsecured term loans, (ii) common or preferred equity or equity-linked securities and/or (iii) senior unsecured notes in a public offering or private placement in an aggregate principal amount of at least $22,500.0 prior to the consummation of the acquisition. in addition, in august 2015, we entered into a term loan facility which will provide up to $4,000.0 to finance a portion of the acquisition. the commitment of the lenders to provide the bridge facility and the term loan facility is subject to several conditions,
including the completion of the acquisition. we expect that our pro forma debt-to-capital ratio will approximate 49% at the closing of the acquisition and we are committed to deleveraging to the low 40% range approximately twenty-four months following the closing. we also expect to maintain our common stock dividend and we will maintain flexibility with our share repurchase program.
for additional information, see "risk factors" included in part i, item 1a; and note 3, "business acquisitions and divestiture - pending acquisition of cigna corporation" included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
on february 17, 2015, we completed our acquisition of simply healthcare, a leading managed care company for people enrolled in medicaid and medicare programs in florida. this acquisition aligns with our strategy for continued growth in our government business segment. as a result, we serve more than six hundred thousand members in florida through our affiliated amerigroup and simply healthcare medicaid and medicare plans. for additional information see note 3, "business acquisitions and divestiture - acquisition of simply healthcare" included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
on january 31, 2014, we sold our 1-800 contacts, inc. business and our glasses.com related assets, or collectively, 1-800 contacts. the operating results for 1-800 contacts for the one month ended january 31, 2014 are reported as discontinued operations. these results were previously reported in the commercial and specialty business segment. unless otherwise specified, all financial and membership information, other than cash flows, disclosed in this md&a is from continuing operations. in accordance with financial accounting standards board, or fasb, guidance, we have elected to not separately disclose net cash provided by or used in operating, investing, and financing activities and the net effect of those cash flows on cash and cash equivalents for discontinued operations during the periods presented. for additional information regarding these transactions, see note 3, "business acquisitions and divestiture - divestiture of 1-800 contacts," included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
our future results of operations will also be impacted by certain external forces and resulting changes in our business model and strategy. in 2010, the patient protection and affordable care act, or aca, as well as the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010, or collectively, health care reform, became law, causing significant changes to the u.s. health care system. since then, significant regulations have been enacted by the u.s. department of health and human services, or hhs, the department of labor and the department of the treasury. the legislation and regulations are far-reaching and are intended to expand access to health insurance coverage over time by mandating that most individuals obtain health insurance coverage, increasing the eligibility thresholds for most state medicaid programs and providing certain other individuals and small businesses with tax credits to subsidize a portion of the cost of health insurance coverage. as a result of the complexity of the law, its impact on health care in the united states and the continuing modification and interpretation of health care reform rules, we continue to analyze and refine our estimates of the ultimate impact of health care reform on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. health care reform presents us with new growth opportunities, but also introduces new risks, regulatory challenges and uncertainties, and required changes in the way products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed and administered. for additional discussion, see part i, item 1 "business - regulation," and part i, item 1a "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k.
pricing in our commercial and specialty business segment, including our individual and small group lines of business, remains competitive and we strive to price our health care benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends. we believe our pricing strategy, based on predictive modeling, proprietary research and data-driven processes, as well as our overall investments for health care reform, have positioned us to benefit from the potential growth opportunities available in fully-insured commercial products as a result of health care reform. in the individual and small group markets, we offer on-exchange products through state or federally facilitated marketplaces, referred to as public exchanges, and off-exchange products. federal premium subsidies are available only for certain members who purchase certain public exchange products. the public exchanges have increased the risk that our products will be selected by individuals who have a higher risk profile or utilization rate than the pool of participants we anticipated when we established the pricing for these public exchange products. we believe that our pricing strategy, brand name and network quality will provide a strong foundation for commercial risk membership growth opportunities in the future.
in our individual markets we offer bronze, silver and gold products, both on and off the public exchanges, in california, colorado, connecticut, georgia, indiana, kentucky, maine, missouri, nevada, new hampshire, new york, ohio, virginia and wisconsin. additionally, we offer platinum products, both on and off the public exchanges, in california and new york.
in our small group markets, we offer bronze, silver and gold products, off the public exchanges, in california, colorado, connecticut, georgia, indiana, kentucky, maine, missouri, nevada, new hampshire, ohio, virginia and wisconsin. we offer bronze, silver and gold products, on the public exchanges, in colorado, connecticut, georgia, indiana, kentucky, maine, missouri, new hampshire, ohio and virginia. additionally, we offer platinum products, off the public exchanges, in california, connecticut, georgia, kentucky, maine, nevada and virginia.
private exchanges have gained visibility in the marketplace based on the promise of helping employers reduce costs, increase consumer engagement and manage the complexities created by the aca and other market forces. while private exchanges have been a distribution channel in the medicare and individual markets for some time, the heightened level of activity and investment among the consulting and broker communities and other health insurance carriers has generated an increasing level of interest among employers in the commercial market. to date, adoption levels have been lower than analyst predictions. while the ultimate volume, pace of growth and winning business models remain highly uncertain, we believe private exchanges will provide opportunities for growth.
health care reform also imposes new regulations on the health insurance sector, including, but not limited to, guaranteed coverage and expanded benefit requirements; prohibitions on some annual and all lifetime limits on amounts paid on behalf of or to our members; increased restrictions on rescinding coverage; establishment of minimum medical loss ratio, or mlr, and customer rebate requirements; establishment of a mandatory annual health insurance provider fee, or hip fee; creation of a federal rate review process; a requirement to cover preventive services on a first dollar basis; the establishment of public exchanges and essential benefit packages and greater limitations on how we price certain of our products. in addition, the legislation reduces the reimbursement levels for our health plans participating in the medicare advantage program over time and limits the amount of executive compensation that is deductible for income tax purposes.
as a result of health care reform, hhs issued mlr regulations that require us to meet minimum mlr thresholds for large group, small group and individual lines of business. plans that do not meet the minimum thresholds will have to pay a mlr rebate. for purposes of determining mlr rebates, hhs has defined the types of costs that should be included in the mlr rebate calculation. however, certain components of the mlr calculation as defined by hhs cannot be classified consistently under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. while considered benefit expense or a reduction of premium revenue by hhs, certain of these costs are classified as other types of expense, such as income tax expense or general and administrative expense, in our gaap basis financial statements. accordingly, the benefit expense ratio determined using our consolidated gaap operating results is not comparable to the mlr calculated under hhs regulations.
health care reform also imposed a separate minimum mlr threshold of 85% for medicare advantage and medicare part d plans beginning in 2014. medicare advantage or medicare part d plans that do not meet this threshold will have to pay a mlr rebate. if a plan's mlr is below 85% for three consecutive years beginning with 2014, enrollment will be restricted. a medicare advantage or medicare part d plan contract will be terminated if the plan's mlr is below 85% for five consecutive years.
beginning in 2014, health care reform imposed an annual hip fee on health insurers that write certain types of health insurance on u.s. risks. the annual hip fee is allocated to health insurers based on the ratio of the amount of an insurer's net premium revenues written during the preceding calendar year to an adjusted amount of health insurance for all u.s. health risk for those certain lines of business written during the preceding calendar year. the hip fee is non-deductible for federal income tax purposes. the total amount collected from allocations to health insurers in 2015 and 2014 was $11,300.0 and $8,000.0, respectively. we record our estimated liability for the hip fee in full at the beginning of the year with a corresponding deferred asset that is amortized on a straight-line basis to general and administrative expense. the final calculation and payment of the annual hip fee occurs in the third quarter each year and our portion of the hip fee for 2015 and 2014 was $1,207.5 and $893.3, respectively. the annual hip fee to be allocated to all health insurers remains at $11,300.0 for 2016, has been suspended for 2017, and will resume and be increased to $14,300.0 for 2018. for 2019 and beyond, the annual hip fee will equal the amount for the preceding year increased by the rate of premium growth for the preceding year less the rate of growth in the consumer price index for the preceding calendar year.
these and other provisions of health care reform are likely to have significant effects on our future operations, which, in turn, could impact the value of our business model and results of operations, including potential impairments of our goodwill and other intangible assets. we will continue to evaluate the impact of health care reform as key aspects go into
effect and additional guidance is made available. for additional discussion regarding health care reform, see part i, item 1 "business-regulation" and part i, item 1a "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k.
finally, federal and state regulatory agencies may further restrict our ability to obtain new product approvals, implement changes in premium rates or impose additional restrictions, under new or existing laws that could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we are also subject to regulations that may result in assessments under state insurance guaranty association laws. the national organization of life & health insurance guaranty associations, or nolhga, is a voluntary organization consisting of the state life and health insurance guaranty associations located throughout the u.s. such associations, working together with nolhga, provide a safety net for their state's policyholders, ensuring that they continue to receive coverage, subject to state maximum limits, even if their insurer is declared insolvent. we are aware that the pennsylvania insurance commissioner, or insurance commissioner, has placed penn treaty network america insurance company and its subsidiary american network insurance company, or collectively penn treaty, in rehabilitation, an intermediate action before insolvency. the state court denied the insurance commissioner's petition for the liquidation of penn treaty and ordered the insurance commissioner to file an updated plan of rehabilitation. the state court commenced a hearing in connection with the updated plan in july 2015, which has been adjourned. the state court has begun scheduling settlement conferences to resolve outstanding issues with the plan. in the event rehabilitation of penn treaty is unsuccessful and penn treaty is declared insolvent and placed in liquidation, we and other insurers may be required to pay a portion of their policyholder claims through state guaranty association assessments in future periods. given the uncertainty around whether penn treaty will ultimately be declared insolvent and, if so, the amount of the insolvency, the amount and timing of any associated future guaranty fund assessments, and the availability and amount of any potential premium tax and other offsets, we currently cannot estimate our net exposure, if any, to this potential insolvency. we will continue to monitor the situation and may record a liability and expense in future reporting periods, which could be material to our cash flows and results of operations.
in addition to the external forces discussed in the preceding paragraphs, our results of operations are impacted by levels and mix of membership. in recent years, we have experienced membership growth due to the quality and pricing of our health benefits products and services, improved economic conditions, decreases in unemployment, acquisitions, entry into new markets and expansions in existing markets. in addition, we believe the self-insured portion of our group membership base will continue to increase as a percentage of total group membership. however, these membership trends could be negatively impacted by various factors that could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations such as general economic downturns that result in business failures, failure to obtain new customers or retain existing customers, premium increases, benefit changes or our exit from a specific market. further, our mix of membership may include more individuals with a higher acuity level obtaining coverage through our products available on the public exchanges, which may not be appropriately adjusted for in our premium rates.
in february 2015, we reported that we were the target of a sophisticated external cyber attack. the attackers gained unauthorized access to certain of our information technology systems and obtained personal information related to many individuals and employees. we have continued to implement security enhancements since this incident and are supporting federal law enforcement efforts to identify the responsible parties. for additional information about the cyber attack, see note 13, "commitments and contingencies - cyber attack incident," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
also see part i, item 1a "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k, for a discussion of the factors identified above and other risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k and presented elsewhere by management from time to time.
executive summary we are one of the largest health benefits companies in terms of medical membership in the united states, serving 38.6 medical members through our affiliated health plans as of december 31, 2015. we are an independent licensee of the blue cross and blue shield association, or bcbsa, an association of independent health benefit plans. we serve our members as the blue cross licensee for california and as the blue cross and blue shield, or bcbs, licensee for colorado, connecticut, georgia, indiana, kentucky, maine, missouri (excluding 30 counties in the kansas city area), nevada, new hampshire, new york (as bcbs in 10 new york city metropolitan and surrounding counties, and as blue cross or bcbs in selected upstate
counties only), ohio, virginia (excluding the northern virginia suburbs of washington, d.c.) and wisconsin. in a majority of these service areas we do business as anthem blue cross, anthem blue cross and blue shield, blue cross and blue shield of georgia, and empire blue cross blue shield, or empire blue cross (in our new york service areas). we also conduct business through an arrangement with another bcbs licensee in south carolina. we conduct business through our amerigroup corporation, or amerigroup, subsidiary, in florida, georgia, kansas, louisiana, maryland, nevada, new jersey, new mexico, new york, tennessee, texas, washington and effective january 1, 2016, in iowa. in addition, we conduct business through our recently acquired simply healthcare holdings, inc., or simply healthcare, subsidiary in florida. we also serve customers throughout the country as healthlink, unicare (including a non-risk arrangement with massachusetts), and in certain arizona, california, nevada and virginia markets through our caremore health group, inc., or caremore, subsidiary. we are licensed to conduct insurance operations in all 50 states through our subsidiaries.
in preparation for the recent and ongoing changes to the u.s. health care system and to focus on our core growth opportunities across our commercial and specialty business and government business segments, we entered into a definitive agreement in december 2013 to sell our 1-800 contacts, inc., or 1-800 contacts, business to the private equity firm thomas h. lee partners, l.p. concurrently, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with luxottica group to sell our glasses.com related assets. the divestitures were completed on january 31, 2014. the operating results for 1-800 contacts are reported as discontinued operations within the consolidated statements of income included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. these results were previously reported in the commercial and specialty business segment. unless otherwise specified, all financial information disclosed in this md&a is from continuing operations, other than net income, diluted earnings per share and cash flows. in accordance with fasb guidance, we have elected to not separately disclose net cash provided by or used in operating, investing, and financing activities and the net effect of those cash flows on cash and cash equivalents for discontinued operations during the periods presented. for additional information regarding these transactions, see note 3, "business acquisitions and divestiture," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
operating revenue for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $78,404.8, an increase of $5,383.1, or 7.4%, from the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in operating revenue was primarily a result of higher premium revenue in our government business segment, and, to a lesser extent, increased administrative fees in both our commercial and specialty business and government business segments. these increases were partially offset by lower premium revenue in our commercial and specialty business segment.
net income for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $2,560.0, a decrease of $9.7, or 0.4%, from the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in net income was primarily due to lower operating results in our commercial and specialty business segment, higher income taxes, a decrease in net earnings from investment activities and increased interest expense. the decrease in net income was partially offset by an increase in the operating results of our government business segment and lower realized losses on the extinguishment of debt.
our fully-diluted earnings per share, or eps, for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $9.38, an increase of $0.39, or 4.3%, from the year ended december 31, 2014. our diluted shares for the year ended december 31, 2015 were 272.9, a decrease of 13.0, or 4.5% compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in eps resulted from the lower number of shares outstanding in 2015 due to share buyback activity under our share repurchase program, partially offset by the decrease in net income.
operating cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $4,116.0, or 1.6 times net income. operating cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $3,369.3, or 1.3 times net income. the increase in operating cash flow from 2014 of $746.7 was primarily attributable to an increase in premium receipts as a result of rate increases across our businesses designed to cover overall cost trends and the hip fee, and growth in membership. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was further attributable to the receipt of the reinsurance recoveries payment related to the 2014 health care reform reinsurance premium stabilization program and payments made in 2014 that did not recur in 2015 for the adjudication of claims relating to the new york state contract conversion from our fully-insured local group business to a self-funded aso contract. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by an increase in claims payments, primarily as a result of membership growth, an increase in income tax payments and an increase in the annual hip fee payment.
our results of operations discussed throughout this md&a are determined in accordance with gaap. we also calculate operating gain, which is a non-gaap measure, to further aid investors in understanding and analyzing our core operating results and comparing them among periods. operating gain is calculated as total operating revenue less benefit expense, and selling, general and administrative expense. we use this measure as a basis for evaluating segment performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets and forecasting future operating periods. this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for income before income tax expense, net income or eps prepared in accordance with gaap, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. for additional details on operating gain, see our "reportable segments results of operations" discussion included in this md&a. for a reconciliation of reportable segment operating gain to income from continuing operations before income tax expense, see note 19, "segment information," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we intend to expand through a combination of organic growth, strategic acquisitions, including the pending acquisition of cigna, and efficient use of capital in both existing and new markets. our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. in addition, we believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. while we have achieved strong growth as a result of strategic mergers and acquisitions, we have also achieved organic growth in our existing markets over time by delivering excellent service, offering competitively priced products, providing access to high quality provider networks and effectively capitalizing on the brand strength of the blue cross and blue shield names and marks.
significant transactions while health care reform has caused significant changes to the u.s. health care system in recent years, the more significant transactions that have occurred over the last three years that have impacted or will impact our capital structure or that have or will influence how we conduct our business operations include:
•   pending acquisition of cigna expected to close in the second half of 2016;
•   acquisition of simply healthcare (2015);
•   board of directors declaration of dividends on common stock (february 2016 and prior) and an increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.6500 per share (february 2016); authorization for repurchases of our common stock (2015 and prior); and debt repurchases and new debt issuance (2015 and prior); and
•   divestiture of 1-800 contacts (2014).
for additional information regarding these transactions, see note 3, "business acquisitions and divestiture," note 12, "debt" and note 14, "capital stock," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
membership our medical membership includes seven different customer types: local group, individual, national accounts, bluecard®, medicare, medicaid and fep. bcbs-branded business generally refers to members in our service areas licensed by the bcbsa. non-bcbs-branded business refers to amerigroup, caremore and simply healthcare members as well as healthlink and unicare members predominantly outside of our bcbsa service areas.
•   local group consists of those employer customers with less than 5% of eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state, as well as customers with more than 5% of eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state with up to 5,000 eligible employees. in addition, local group includes unicare members and employer group medicare advantage members, or retired members of local group accounts who have selected a medicare advantage product. local group accounts are generally sold through brokers or consultants working with industry specialists from our in-house sales force and are offered both on and off the public exchanges. local group insurance premiums may be based on claims incurred by the group or sold on a self-insured basis. the customer's buying decision is typically based upon the size and breadth of our networks, customer service, the quality of our medical management services, the administrative cost included in our quoted price, our financial stability, reputation
and our ability to effectively service large complex accounts. local group accounted for 39.5%, 40.4% and 41.3% of our medical members at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
•   individual consists of individual customers under age 65 and their covered dependents. individual policies are generally sold through independent agents and brokers, retail partnerships, our in-house sales force or via the internet. individual business is sold on a fully-insured basis. we offer on-exchange products through public exchanges and off-exchange products. federal premium subsidies are available only for certain public exchange individual products. individual customers are generally more sensitive to product pricing and, to a lesser extent, the configuration of the network, and the efficiency of administration. customer turnover is generally higher with individual as compared to local group. individual business accounted for 4.3%, 4.8% and 4.9% of our medical members at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
•   national accounts generally consist of multi-state employer groups primarily headquartered in an anthem service area with at least 5% of the eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state and with more than 5,000 eligible employees. some exceptions are allowed based on broker and consultant relationships. service area is defined as the geographic area in which we are licensed to sell bcbs products. national accounts are generally sold through independent brokers or consultants retained by the customer working with our in-house sales force. we believe we have an advantage when competing for very large national accounts due to the size and breadth of our networks and our ability to access the national provider networks of bcbs companies at their competitive local market rates. in addition, employer group medicare advantage members related to national accounts groups are reported as part of national accounts membership. the employer group medicare advantage members represent less than 1.0% of national accounts membership. national accounts represented 19.1%, 19.1% and 19.0% of our medical members at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
•   bluecard® host customers represent enrollees of blue cross and/or blue shield plans not owned by anthem who receive health care services in our bcbsa licensed markets. bluecard® membership consists of estimated host members using the national bluecard® program. host members are generally members who reside in or travel to a state in which an anthem subsidiary is the blue cross and/or blue shield licensee and who are covered under an employer-sponsored health plan issued by a non-anthem controlled bcbsa licensee (i.e., the "home plan"). we perform certain administrative functions for bluecard® members, for which we receive administrative fees from the bluecard® members' home plans. other administrative functions, including maintenance of enrollment information and customer service, are performed by the home plan. host members are computed using, among other things, the average number of bluecard® claims received per month. bluecard® host membership accounted for 14.0%, 14.1% and 14.2% of our medical members at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
•   medicare customers are medicare-eligible individual members age 65 and over who have enrolled in medicare advantage, a managed care alternative for the medicare program, who have purchased medicare supplement benefit coverage, some disabled members under age 65, or members of all ages with end stage renal disease. we also include in the medicare category members enrolled in our dual eligible medicare-medicaid plans, or mmps, in the states where we participate. medicare supplement policies are sold to medicare recipients as supplements to the benefits they receive from the medicare program. rates are filed with and in some cases approved by state insurance departments. most of the premium for medicare advantage is paid directly by the federal government on behalf of the participant who may also be charged a small premium. medicare supplement and medicare advantage products are marketed in the same manner, primarily through independent agents and brokers. medicare business accounted for 3.7%, 3.7% and 4.0% of our medical members at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
•   medicaid membership represents eligible members who receive health care benefits through publicly funded health care programs, including medicaid, tanf, spd, ltss, chip and medicaid expansion programs. total medicaid program business accounted for 15.3%, 13.8% and 12.3% of our medical members at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
•   fep members consist of united states government employees and their dependents within our geographic markets through our participation in the national contract between the bcbsa and the u.s. office of personnel management. fep business accounted for 4.1%, 4.1% and 4.3% of our medical members at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
in addition to reporting our medical membership by customer type, we report by funding arrangement according to the level of risk that we assume in the product contract. our two principal funding arrangement categories are fully-insured and self-funded. fully-insured products are products in which we indemnify our policyholders against costs for health benefits. self-funded products are offered to customers, generally larger employers, who elect to retain most or all of the financial risk associated with their employees' health care costs. some self-funded customers choose to purchase stop loss coverage to limit their retained risk.
the following table presents our medical membership by customer type, funding arrangement and reportable segment as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. also included below is other membership by product. the medical membership and other membership presented are unaudited and in certain instances include estimates of the number of members represented by each contract at the end of the period.
(in thousands)                                              2015             2014             2013            change            % change            change           % change medical membership customer type local group                                           15,241           15,137           14,725             104                0.7   %            412               2.8   %
total medical membership by customer type             38,599           37,499           35,653           1,100                2.9   %          1,846               5.2   %
reportable segment commercial and specialty business                     29,678           29,364           28,307             314                1.1   %          1,057               3.7   %
government business                                    8,921            8,135            7,346             786                9.7   %            789              10.7   %
other membership life and disability members                            4,849            4,762            4,819              87                1.8   %            (57   )          (1.2   )%
medicare advantage part d members                        622              690              628             (68   )           (9.9   )%            62               9.9   %
fully-insured membership increased 234, or 1.6%, primarily due to growth in our medicaid and medicare businesses including membership acquired with the acquisition of simply healthcare, and increased sales in our individual business aca-compliant on- and off-exchange product offerings. these increases were partially offset by local group fully-insured membership declines, largely driven by conversions of fully-insured contracts to self-funded aso contracts and our decision to exit the georgia employer group medicare product offering. the increase was further offset by attrition in our individual business non-aca-compliant product offerings.
local group membership increased 104, or 0.7%, primarily due to increases in our self-funded accounts. the increase in membership was partially offset by attrition in our small group line of business resulting from product mix changes as members moved into health care reform product offerings and competitive pressures. the increase was further offset by fully-insured membership declines resulting from our decision to exit the georgia employer group medicare product offering.
individual membership decreased 118, or 6.6%, primarily due to attrition in non-aca-compliant product offerings, partially offset by increased sales in aca-compliant on- and off-exchange product offerings.
national accounts membership increased 200, or 2.8%, primarily due to new sales and in-group change.
bluecard® membership increased 128, or 2.4%, primarily due to favorable membership activity at other bcbsa plans whose members reside in or travel to our licensed areas.
medicare membership increased 35, or 2.5%, primarily due to membership acquired through the acquisition of simply healthcare and growth in our mmps primarily due to commencement of operations in new dual eligible markets.
medicaid membership increased 721, or 13.9%, primarily due to commencement of operations in new markets including membership acquired through the acquisition of simply healthcare, and growth through health care reform expansions.
our other products are often ancillary to our health business and can therefore be impacted by corresponding changes in our medical membership.
life and disability membership increased 87, or 1.8%, primarily due to growth and higher sales in our local group business.
dental membership increased 211, or 4.2%, primarily due to new sales and growth in our local group and individual businesses, partially offset by attrition in our off-exchange local group and individual business product offerings.
dental administration membership increased 364, or 7.4%, primarily due to the acquisition of a large managed dental contract pursuant to which we provide dental administrative services.
vision membership increased 545, or 10.7%, primarily due to increased sales and penetration in our medicare business, and growth in our local group, national accounts and individual businesses. these increases were partially offset by attrition in our off-exchange local group and individual business product offerings.
medicare advantage part d membership decreased 68, or 9.9%, primarily due to membership declines resulting from our decision to exit the georgia employer group medicare product offering, partially offset by commencement of operations in new dual eligible markets and membership acquired through the acquisition of simply healthcare.
medicare part d standalone membership decreased 96, or 20.6%, primarily due to our product repositioning strategies and select strategic actions in certain markets.
self-funded medical membership increased 2,506, or 12.3%, primarily due to increases in our local group self-funded accounts including the new york state contract conversion from a fully-insured contract to a self-funded aso contract and the acquisition of a large state aso contract, which both occurred in the first quarter of 2014. the increase was further attributable to growth in our national accounts and bluecard® membership.
fully-insured membership decreased 660, or 4.3%, primarily due to the new york state contract conversion and local group membership losses as a result of affordability challenges affecting healthcare consumers. the decrease was partially offset by growth in our medicaid business.
local group membership increased 412, or 2.8%, primarily due to the acquisition of a large aso state contract. this increase was partially offset by fully-insured membership declines resulting from affordability challenges affecting healthcare consumers.
individual membership increased 38, or 2.2%, primarily due to public exchange sales in the majority of our markets, partially offset by off-exchange lapses.
national accounts membership increased 378, or 5.6%, primarily due to new sales and in-group change partially offset by lapses.
bluecard® membership increased 229, or 4.5%, primarily due to favorable membership activity at other bcbsa plans whose members reside in or travel to our licensed areas.
medicare membership decreased 37, or 2.6%, primarily due to our product repositioning strategy toward hmo product offerings and select service area reductions.
medicaid membership increased 815, or 18.6%, primarily due to market expansions and commencement of operations in new markets.
our other products are often ancillary to our health business and can therefore be impacted by corresponding changes in our medical membership.
life and disability membership decreased 57, or 1.2%, primarily due to higher lapses and in-group change in our local group and individual businesses.
dental membership increased 100, or 2.0%, primarily due to new sales and growth in our local group and national accounts businesses.
vision membership increased 353, or 7.4%, primarily due to strong sales and in-group change in our local group and national accounts businesses.
medicare advantage part d membership increased 62, or 9.9%, primarily due to the addition of a new state contract, partially offset by decreases in various markets due to our product repositioning strategy toward hmo product offerings and select service area reductions.
medicare part d standalone membership decreased 7, or 1.5%, primarily due to competitive pressure in certain markets.
cost of care the following discussion summarizes our aggregate underlying cost of care trends for the year ended december 31, 2015 for our local group fully-insured business only.
our cost of care trends are calculated by comparing the year-over-year change in average per member per month claim costs. while our cost of care trend varies by geographic location, based on underlying medical cost trends, we estimate that our aggregate cost of care trend was in the lower half of the 6.5% to 7.5% range for the full year of 2015. we anticipate that medical cost trends will be in the range of 7.0% to 7.5% in 2016.
medical utilization, including pharmacy utilization, has been lower than in previous years. consistent with prior years, provider rate increases were a primary driver of medical cost trends. we continually negotiate with hospitals and physicians to manage these cost trends. we commonly negotiate multi-year contracts with hospitals and physicians, minimizing annual fluctuations in medical cost trend. we remain committed to optimizing our reimbursement rates and strategies to help address the cost pressures faced by employers and consumers. unit cost increases were also a driver of pharmacy cost. high cost hepatitis c drug therapies also have put upward pressure on pharmacy trend.
in response to cost trends, we continue to pursue contracting and plan design changes, promote and implement performance-based contracts that reward clinical outcomes and quality, and expand our disease management and advanced care management programs. we are taking a leadership role in the area of payment reform as evidenced by our enhanced personal health care program. by establishing the primary care doctor as central to the coordination of a patient's health care needs, the initiative builds on the success of current patient-centered medical home programs in helping to improve patient care while lowering costs.
a number of clinical management initiatives are in place to help mitigate inpatient trend. focused review efforts continue in key areas, including targeting outlier facilities for length of stay and readmission, and high risk maternity and neonatal intensive care unit cases, among others. additionally, we continue to refine our programs related to readmission management, focused behavioral health readmission reduction and post-discharge follow-up care.
outpatient costs are a collection of different types of expenses, such as outpatient facilities, labs, x-rays, emergency room, occupational and physical therapy and many others. one example of the programs we have developed to mitigate outpatient costs is our cancer care quality program. this program, developed in collaboration with our subsidiary, aim specialty health, identifies certain cancer treatment pathways selected based upon current medical evidence, peer-reviewed published literature, consensus guidelines and our clinical policies to support oncologists in identifying cancer treatment therapies that are highly effective and provide greater value.
consolidated results of operations our consolidated summarized results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 are discussed in the following section.
change years ended december 31                              2015 vs. 2014                               2014 vs. 2013
net investment income                                                                             677.6                   724.4                   659.1                  (46.8    )           (6.5   )%              65.3                  9.9    %
net realized gains on investments                                                                 157.5                   177.0                   271.9                  (19.5    )          (11.0   )%             (94.9    )           (34.9   )%
other-than-temporary impairment losses on investments                                             (83.4    )              (49.0    )              (98.9    )             (34.4    )          (70.2   )%              49.9                 50.5    %
benefit expense                                                                                61,116.9                56,854.9                56,237.1                4,262.0                 7.5    %             617.8                  1.1    %
income from continuing operations before income tax expense                                     4,631.0                 4,368.1                 3,840.2                  262.9                 6.0    %             527.9                 13.7    %
benefit expense ratio4                                                                             83.3    %               83.1    %               85.1    %                                 20bp5                                    (200)bp5
income from continuing operations before income taxes as a percentage of total revenue              5.9    %                5.9    %                5.4    %                                  0bp5                                       50bp5
certain of the following definitions are also applicable to all other results of operations tables in this discussion:
1   includes interest expense, amortization of other intangible assets and gain/loss on extinguishment of debt.
2   the operating results of 1-800 contacts are reported as discontinued operations as a result of the divestiture completed on january 31, 2014.
4   benefit expense ratio represents benefit expense as a percentage of premium revenue. premiums for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $73,385.1, $68,389.8 and $66,119.1, respectively. premiums are included in total operating revenue presented above.
total operating revenue increased $5,383.1, or 7.4%, to $78,404.8 in 2015, resulting primarily from higher premiums, and, to a lesser extent, increased administrative fees. higher premiums were mainly due to membership increases across our government business segment, including membership obtained through the acquisition of simply healthcare, and rate increases across our businesses designed to cover overall cost trends and the increase in the hip fee. the increase in premiums was further attributable to membership increases in our aca-compliant on- and off-exchange individual business product offerings and refinement of estimates associated with medicare risk score revenue in the prior year. the increase in premiums was offset, in part, by the fully-insured membership declines in our local group business, attrition in non-aca-compliant individual business product offerings and revised estimates made to accruals for the health care reform risk adjustment premium stabilization program, including revised estimates of prior year accruals. the increase in administrative fees primarily resulted from rate increases and membership growth for self-funded members in our local group and national accounts businesses.
net investment income decreased $46.8, or 6.5%, to $677.6 in 2015, primarily due to lower income from alternative investments, partially offset by higher investment yields on fixed maturity securities.
net realized gains on investments decreased $19.5, or 11.0%, to $157.5 in 2015, primarily due to an increase in net realized losses on sales of fixed maturity securities, partially offset by an increase in net realized gains on sales of equity securities and settlements of derivative financial instruments.
other-than-temporary impairment losses on investments increased $34.4, or 70.2%, to $83.4 in 2015, primarily due to an increase in impairment losses on equity and fixed maturity securities.
benefit expense increased $4,262.0, or 7.5%, to $61,116.9 in 2015, primarily due to an increase in overall cost trends across our businesses, membership growth across our government business segment, including membership obtained through the acquisition of simply healthcare, and membership growth in our aca-compliant on- and off-exchange individual business product offerings. these increases were partially offset by the fully-insured membership declines in our local group business and non-aca-compliant individual business product offerings, as described above.
our benefit expense ratio increased 20 basis points to 83.3% in 2015, largely driven by changes in the mix of the product portfolio, higher than expected medical costs in our individual business, and adjustments made to current and prior year accruals related to the health care reform risk adjustment premium stabilization program. these increases were partially offset by improvement in our local group business and certain medicare lines of business predominantly due to improved medical cost performance. the increase in the ratio was further offset by refinement of estimates associated with medicare risk score revenue in the prior year.
selling, general and administrative expense increased $786.4, or 6.7%, to $12,534.8 in 2015. our selling, general and administrative expense ratio decreased 10 basis points to 16.0% in 2015. the increase in the expense was primarily due to increased associate costs to support our growth in membership. the increase in expense was further due to net increases in health care reform fees, primarily due to an increase in the hip fee of $314.2, and increased premium taxes as a result of the growth in premiums. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in assessments related to the health care reform reinsurance premium stabilization program of $163.4. the decrease in the ratio was primarily due to the impact of medicaid membership growth in our government business segment, which has a lower selling, general and administrative expense ratio than our consolidated average.
other expense decreased $28.9, or 3.2%, to $873.8 in 2015, primarily due to changes in gains and losses on the extinguishment of debt. for the year ended december 31, 2015, we recognized net gains on extinguishment of debt of $9.3 compared to net losses on extinguishment of debt of $81.1 for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in other expense was partially offset by higher interest expense in 2015 driven by higher outstanding debt balances and the amortization of fees incurred for the obtainment of the bridge facility commitment letter and joinder agreement to partially fund the pending acquisition of cigna. the decrease in other expense was further offset by an increase in amortization of intangible assets. for additional information related to our borrowings, see "liquidity and capital resources," below.
deductible hip fee, increased income before income taxes and increased state tax expense as a result of an adverse california franchise tax ruling. the increase in the effective tax rate for 2015 was primarily due to the increase in the non-tax deductible hip fee and the state tax impact of the adverse california franchise tax ruling.
our net income as a percentage of total revenue decreased 30 basis points to 3.2% in 2015 as compared to 2014 as a result of all factors discussed above.
total operating revenue increased $2,830.3, or 4.0% to $73,021.7 in 2014, resulting primarily from higher premiums and, to a lesser extent, increased administrative fees. higher premiums were mainly due to rate increases across our businesses designed to cover overall cost trends and new fees associated with health care reform, including hip fees reimbursed by medicaid state plans. the increase in premiums was further attributable to membership increases in our medicaid and individual businesses. the increase in premiums was offset, in part, by fully-insured membership declines in our local group business as a result of the new york state contract conversion and affordability challenges affecting healthcare consumers. the increase was further offset by higher experience rated refunds in our medicaid business, and lower premiums in our medicare advantage business primarily due to membership declines and a refinement of estimates associated with medicare risk score revenue for prior years. the increase in administrative fees primarily resulted from membership growth in our local group business, including the new york state contract conversion and the acquisition of a large state aso contract, which both occurred in the first quarter of 2014. the increase in administrative fees was further attributable to growth in our national accounts business.
net investment income increased $65.3, or 9.9%, to $724.4 in 2014, primarily due to higher income from alternative investments and higher investment yields.
net realized gains on investments decreased $94.9, or 34.9%, to $177.0 in 2014, primarily due to a decrease in net realized gains on sales of equity securities, partially offset by an increase in net realized gains on sales of fixed maturity securities.
other-than-temporary impairment losses on investments decreased $49.9, or 50.5%, to $49.0 in 2014, primarily due to a decrease in impairment losses on certain joint venture investments and fixed maturity securities.
benefit expense increased $617.8, or 1.1%, to $56,854.9 in 2014, primarily due to benefit cost trends across our businesses and membership growth in our medicaid and individual businesses. the increase in benefit expense was further a result of higher pharmacy costs primarily attributable to new high cost hepatitis c drug therapies. these increases were partially offset by the fully-insured membership declines in our local group and medicare advantage businesses, as described above. in addition, the increase in benefit expense was offset, in part, by our estimate of reinsurance recoveries relating to the health care reform reinsurance premium stabilization program of $753.4 for 2014.
our benefit expense ratio decreased 200 basis points to 83.1% in 2014, primarily due to rate increases across our businesses designed to cover overall cost trends and new fees associated with health care reform, including additional premiums collected to help cover the non-tax deductible impact of the hip fee. the decrease was further attributable to better than expected medical cost trends in our medicaid business. these improvements were partially offset by higher pharmacy costs primarily attributable to new high cost hepatitis c drug therapies.
selling, general and administrative expense increased $1,795.5, or 18.0%, to $11,748.4 in 2014. our selling, general and administrative expense ratio increased 190 basis points to 16.1% in 2014. the increases in the expense and ratio were both primarily due to new fees related to health care reform that were effective january 1, 2014, including $893.3 for the hip fee and $447.7 of assessments related to the health care reform reinsurance premium stabilization program.
other expense decreased $90.6, or 9.1%, to $902.7 in 2014, primarily due to lower losses recognized on debt extinguishment associated with the early redemption and repurchase of outstanding senior unsecured notes. during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, we recognized losses on extinguishment of debt of $81.1 and $145.3, respectively. the decrease in other expense was further attributable to reduced amortization of certain other intangible assets acquired in prior years. for additional information related to our borrowings, see "liquidity and capital resources," below.
income tax expense increased $602.1, or 49.9%, to $1,808.0 in 2014. the effective tax rates in 2014 and 2013 were 41.4% and 31.4%, respectively. the increase in income tax expense was primarily due to the non-tax deductible hip fee effective for 2014 and increased income before income taxes. the 2013 expense and effective tax rate were lower because they include benefits resulting from a favorable tax election made subsequent to the amerigroup acquisition and from inclusion of amerigroup in our state apportionment factors calculation, which produces a lower state tax expense. the increase in the effective tax rate for 2014 was primarily due to the non-tax deductible hip fee.
our net income as a percentage of total revenue was 3.5% in 2014 and 2013 as a result of all factors discussed above.
reportable segments results of operations we use operating gain to evaluate the performance of our reportable segments, which are commercial and specialty business; government business; and other. operating gain, which is a non-gaap measure, is calculated as total operating revenue less benefit expense and selling, general and administrative expense. it does not include net investment income, net realized gains/losses on investments, other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in income, interest expense, amortization of other intangible assets, loss on extinguishment of debt or income taxes, as these items are managed in a corporate shared service environment and are not the responsibility of operating segment management.
the discussion of segment results for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 presented below are based on operating gain, as described above, and operating margin, which is calculated as operating gain divided by operating revenue. our definitions of operating gain and operating margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. for additional information, including a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures, see note 19, "segment information," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
our commercial and specialty business, government business, and other segments' summarized results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 are as follows:
change years ended december 31   2015 vs. 2014                            2014 vs. 2013
commercial and specialty business operating revenue                           $37,570.8               $39,199.6               $39,404.2        $(1,628.8     )          (4.2    )%      $(204.6       )          (0.5   )%
operating margin                                  7.6    %                8.3    %                8.1    %                             (70   )bp                                 20   bp government business operating revenue                           $40,813.0               $33,796.4               $30,752.6        $7,016.6                 20.8     %      $3,043.8                  9.9    %
2   fluctuations are primarily a result of changes in unallocated corporate expenses. the increase in 2015 was primarily due to transaction costs associated with our pending acquisition of cigna.
commercial and specialty business operating revenue decreased $1,628.8, or 4.2%, to $37,570.8 in 2015, due in part to fully-insured membership declines in our large group business largely driven by the discontinuation of our georgia employer group medicare product offering. the decrease in operating revenue was further attributable to attrition in our small group line of business resulting from both product mix changes as members moved into health care reform product offerings and competitive pressures. additionally, operating revenue decreased as a result of attrition in non-aca-compliant individual business product offerings and revised estimates made to accruals for the health care reform risk adjustment premium stabilization program, including revised estimates of prior year accruals. these decreases were partially offset by premium rate increases in our individual and local group lines of business designed to cover overall cost trends and the increase in the hip fee. the decrease in operating revenue was further offset by membership growth in our aca-compliant on- and off-exchange individual business product offerings and increased administrative fees. the increase in administrative fees was primarily attributable to membership growth and rate increases for self-funded members in our large group and national accounts businesses.
operating gain decreased $406.9, or 12.5%, to $2,854.0 in 2015, primarily due to higher than expected medical costs in our individual business, membership declines in our fully-insured local group and individual lines of business and revised estimates made to current and prior year accruals related to the health care reform risk adjustment premium stabilization program. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in operating gain in our local group business primarily due to improved medical cost performance. the increase in operating gain was further offset by increases in self-funded membership in our local group and national accounts businesses.
the operating margin in 2015 was 7.6%, a 70 basis point decrease from 2014, primarily due to the factors discussed in the preceding two paragraphs.
government business operating revenue increased $7,016.6, or 20.8%, to $40,813.0 in 2015. the increase in operating revenue was primarily due to increased premiums in our medicaid business as a result of membership growth through commencement of operations in new markets including membership obtained through the acquisition of simply healthcare, membership growth through health care reform expansions and membership growth in existing markets. the increase in medicaid premiums was further due to rate increases designed to cover overall cost trends and the increase in the hip fee. the increase in operating revenue was further attributable to premium increases in our medicare business as a result of rate increases designed to cover overall cost trends, the acquisition of simply healthcare and refinement of estimates associated with medicare risk score revenue in the prior year. finally, increased premiums in our fep business primarily due to increased benefit utilization contributed to the increase in operating revenue.
operating gain increased $786.6, or 66.0%, to $1,978.5 in 2015, primarily due to membership growth and improved medical cost performance in certain markets in our medicaid and medicare business, and refinement of estimates associated with medicare risk score revenue in the prior year that did not recur in the current year. the increase in operating gain was further attributable to higher reimbursements for the non-tax deductible portion of the hip fee. these increases were partially offset by higher administrative costs to support our growth in membership.
the operating margin in 2015 was 4.8%, a 130 basis point increase over 2014, primarily due to the factors discussed in the preceding two paragraphs.
commercial and specialty business operating revenue decreased $204.6, or 0.5%, to $39,199.6 in 2014, primarily due to fully-insured membership declines in our local group business resulting from the impact of the new york state contract conversion and affordability challenges affecting healthcare consumers. these decreases were partially offset by premium rate increases in our local group and individual businesses designed to cover overall cost trends and new fees associated with health care reform, and membership growth in our individual business. the decrease in operating revenue was further offset by increased
administrative fees primarily resulting from membership growth in our local group business, including the acquisition of a large state aso contract in the first quarter of 2014. the increase in administrative fees was further attributable to growth in our national accounts business.
operating gain increased $84.5, or 2.7%, to $3,260.9 in 2014, primarily as a result of improved performance in our individual business reflecting our public exchange strategy implemented during the year, along with membership growth in self-funded products. the increase in operating gain was further attributable to additional premiums collected to help cover the non-tax deductible impact of the hip fee. these increases were partially offset by insured membership declines in our local group business, continued costs incurred associated with health care reform market changes and higher pharmacy costs primarily attributable to new high cost hepatitis c drug therapies.
the operating margin in 2014 was 8.3%, a 20 basis point increase over 2013, primarily due to the factors discussed in the preceding two paragraphs.
government business operating revenue increased $3,043.8, or 9.9%, to $33,796.4 in 2014, primarily due to increased premiums in our medicaid and fep businesses as a result of premium rate increases designed to cover overall cost trends and new fees associated with health care reform. the increase in operating revenue was further attributable to membership growth in our medicaid business and additional premiums collected to help cover the non-tax deductible impact of the hip fee. these increases were partially offset by higher experience rated refunds in our medicaid business, lower premiums in our medicare businesses, primarily due to membership declines in our medicare advantage business, and a refinement of estimates associated with medicare risk score revenue for prior years.
operating gain increased $347.9, or 41.2%, to $1,191.9 in 2014, primarily due to better than expected medical cost trends and membership growth in our medicaid business. these increases were partially offset by higher pharmacy costs primarily attributable to new high cost hepatitis c drug therapies, and a refinement of estimates associated with medicare risk score revenue for prior years.
the operating margin in 2014 was 3.5%, an 80 basis point increase over 2013, primarily due to the factors discussed in the preceding two paragraphs.
critical accounting policies and estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap. application of gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and within this md&a. we consider our most important accounting policies that require significant estimates and management judgment to be those policies with respect to liabilities for medical claims payable, income taxes, goodwill and other intangible assets, investments and retirement benefits, which are discussed below. our other significant accounting policies are summarized in note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. in general, our estimates are based on historical experience, evaluation of current trends, information from third party professionals and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the known facts and circumstances.
medical claims payable the most subjective accounting estimate in our consolidated financial statements is our liability for medical claims payable. at december 31, 2015, this liability was $7,569.8 and represented 19.6% of our total consolidated liabilities. we record this liability and the corresponding benefit expense for incurred but not paid claims, including the estimated costs of processing such claims. incurred but not paid claims include (1) an estimate for claims that are incurred but not reported, as well as claims reported to us but not yet processed through our systems, which approximated 96.7%, or $7,317.0, of our total medical claims liability as of december 31, 2015; and (2) claims reported to us and processed through our systems but not yet paid, which approximated 3.3%, or $252.8, of the total medical claims payable as of december 31, 2015. the level of
claims payable processed through our systems but not yet paid may fluctuate from one period end to the next, from approximately 1% to 5% of our total medical claims liability, due to timing of when claim payments are made.
liabilities for both claims incurred but not reported and reported but not yet processed through our systems are determined in aggregate, employing actuarial methods that are commonly used by health insurance actuaries and meet actuarial standards of practice. actuarial standards of practice require that the claim liabilities be appropriate under moderately adverse circumstances. we determine the amount of the liability for incurred but not paid claims by following a detailed actuarial process that entails using both historical claim payment patterns as well as emerging medical cost trends to project our best estimate of claim liabilities. under this process, historical paid claims data is formatted into "claim triangles," which compare claim incurred dates to the dates of claim payments. this information is analyzed to create "completion factors" that represent the average percentage of total incurred claims that have been paid through a given date after being incurred. completion factors are applied to claims paid through the period end date to estimate the ultimate claim expense incurred for the period. actuarial estimates of incurred but not paid claim liabilities are then determined by subtracting the actual paid claims from the estimate of the ultimate incurred claims.
for the most recent incurred months (typically the most recent two months), the percentage of claims paid for claims incurred in those months is generally low. this makes the completion factor methodology less reliable for such months. therefore, incurred claims for recent months are not projected from historical completion and payment patterns; rather they are projected by estimating the claims expense for those months based on recent claims expense levels and health care trend levels, or "trend factors."
because the reserve methodology is based upon historical information, it must be adjusted for known or suspected operational and environmental changes. these adjustments are made by our actuaries based on their knowledge and their estimate of emerging impacts to benefit costs and payment speed. circumstances to be considered in developing our best estimate of reserves include changes in utilization levels, unit costs, mix of business, benefit plan designs, provider reimbursement levels, processing system conversions and changes, claim inventory levels, claim processing patterns, claim submission patterns and operational changes resulting from business combinations. a comparison of prior period liabilities to re-estimated claim liabilities based on subsequent claims development is also considered in making the liability determination. in our comparison of prior year, the methods and assumptions are not changed as reserves are recalculated; rather the availability of additional paid claims information drives our changes in the re-estimate of the unpaid claim liability. to the extent appropriate, changes in such development are recorded as a change to current period benefit expense.
we regularly review and set assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization when initially establishing claim liabilities. we continually monitor and adjust the claims liability and benefit expense based on subsequent paid claims activity. if it is determined that our assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization are significantly different than actual results, our income statement and financial position could be impacted in future periods. adjustments of prior year estimates may result in additional benefit expense or a reduction of benefit expense in the period an adjustment is made. further, due to the considerable variability of health care costs, adjustments to claim liabilities occur each period and are sometimes significant as compared to the net income recorded in that period. prior period development is recognized immediately upon the actuary's judgment that a portion of the prior period liability is no longer needed or that an additional liability should have been accrued. that determination is made when sufficient information is available to ascertain that the re-estimate of the liability is reasonable.
while there are many factors that are used as a part of the estimation of our medical claims payable liability, the two key assumptions having the most significant impact on our incurred but not paid claims liability as of december 31, 2015 were the completion and trend factors. as discussed above, these two key assumptions can be influenced by other operational variables including system changes, provider submission patterns and business combinations.
there is variation in the reasonable choice of completion factors by duration for durations of three months through twelve months where the completion factors have the most significant impact. as previously discussed, completion factors tend to be less reliable for the most recent months and therefore are not specifically utilized for months one and two. in our analysis for the claim liabilities at december 31, 2015, the variability in months three to five was estimated to be between 40 and 90 basis points, while months six through twelve have much lower variability ranging from 0 to 30 basis points.
the difference in completion factor assumptions, assuming moderately adverse experience, results in variability of 2%, or approximately $168.0, in the december 31, 2015 incurred but not paid claims liability, depending on the completion
factors chosen. it is important to note that the completion factor methodology inherently assumes that historical completion rates will be reflective of the current period. however, it is possible that the actual completion rates for the current period will develop differently from historical patterns and therefore could fall outside the possible variations described herein.
the other major assumption used in the establishment of the december 31, 2015 incurred but not paid claim liability was the trend factors. in our analysis for the period ended december 31, 2015, there was a 330 basis point differential in the high and low trend factors assuming moderately adverse experience. this range of trend factors would imply variability of 4%, or approximately $337.0, in the incurred but not paid claims liability, depending upon the trend factors used. because historical trend factors are often not representative of current claim trends, the trend experience for the most recent six to nine months, plus knowledge of recent events likely affecting current trends, have been taken into consideration in establishing the incurred but not paid claims liability at december 31, 2015.
see note 11, "medical claims payable," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, for a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance for medical claims payable for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. components of the total incurred claims for each year include amounts accrued for current year estimated claims expense as well as adjustments to prior year estimated accruals. in note 11, "medical claims payable," the line labeled "net incurred medical claims: prior years redundancies" accounts for those adjustments made to prior year estimates. the impact of any reduction of "net incurred medical claims: prior years redundancies" may be offset as we establish the estimate of "net incurred medical claims: current year." our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best estimate of our ultimate liability for our claims. when we recognize a release of the redundancy, we disclose the amount that is not in the ordinary course of business, if material.
the ratio of current year medical claims paid as a percent of current year net medical claims incurred was 89.1% for 2015, 89.4% for 2014 and 89.3% for 2013. the decrease in this ratio for 2015 reflects slower claims processing that occurred over the most recent year.
we calculate the percentage of prior years' redundancies in the current year as a percent of prior years' net incurred claims payable less prior years' redundancies in the current year in order to demonstrate the development of the prior years' reserves. this metric was 15.1% for the year ended december 31, 2015, 9.7% for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 10.8% for the year ended december 31, 2013. the year ended december 31, 2015 metric reflects a slightly higher level of conservatism compared to the targeted prior year reserve for adverse deviation and a resultant higher level of prior years' redundancies than the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013.
we calculate the percentage of prior years' redundancies in the current period as a percent of prior years' net incurred medical claims to indicate the percentage of redundancy included in the preceding year calculation of current year net incurred medical claims. we believe this calculation supports the reasonableness of our prior year estimate of incurred medical claims and the consistency in our methodology. for the year ended december 31, 2015, this metric was 1.4%, which was calculated using the redundancy of $800.2. this metric was 1.0% for 2014 and 1.3% for 2013.
the following table shows the variance between total net incurred medical claims as reported in note 11, "medical claims payable," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, for each of 2014 and 2013 and the incurred claims for such years had it been determined retrospectively (computed as the difference between "net incurred medical claims - current year" for the year shown and "net incurred medical claims - prior years redundancies" for the immediately following year):
given that our business is primarily short tailed (which means that medical claims are generally paid within twelve months of the member receiving service from the provider), the variance to total net incurred medical claims, as reported
above, is used to assess the reasonableness of our estimate of ultimate incurred medical claims for a given calendar year with the benefit of one year of experience. we expect that substantially all of the development of the 2015 estimate of medical claims payable will be known during 2016.
the 2014 variance to total net incurred medical claims, as reported of 0.5% was greater in absolute value than the 2013 percentage of (0.1)%. the higher 2014 variance was driven by a higher level of prior year redundancies in 2015 associated with 2014 claim payments. prior year redundancies in 2013 associated with 2012 claim payments were lower by comparison, thus creating a lower 2013 variance.
income taxes we account for income taxes in accordance with fasb guidance, which requires, among other things, the separate recognition of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. such deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities represent the tax effect of temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting measured at tax rates enacted at the time the deferred tax asset or liability is recorded. a valuation allowance must be established for deferred tax assets if it is "more likely than not" that all or a portion may be unrealized. our judgment is required in determining an appropriate valuation allowance.
at each financial reporting date, we assess the adequacy of the valuation allowance by evaluating each of our deferred tax assets based on the following:
•   the amount of taxes paid in prior periods and available for a carry-back claim;
•   the forecasted future taxable income, and therefore, likely future deduction of the deferred tax item; and
•   any significant other issues impacting the likely realization of the benefit of the temporary differences.
we, like other companies, frequently face challenges from tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. these challenges include questions regarding the timing and amount of deductions that we have taken on our tax returns. in evaluating any additional tax liability associated with various positions taken in our tax return filings, we record additional liabilities for potential adverse tax outcomes. based on our evaluation of our tax positions, we believe we have appropriately accrued for uncertain tax benefits, as required by the guidance. to the extent we prevail in matters we have accrued for, our future effective tax rate would be reduced and net income would increase. if we are required to pay more than accrued, our future effective tax rate would increase and net income would decrease. our effective tax rate and net income in any given future period could be materially impacted.
in the ordinary course of business, we are regularly audited by federal and other tax authorities, and from time to time, these audits result in proposed assessments. we believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and we intend to defend our positions vigorously through the federal, state and local appeals processes. we believe we have adequately provided for any reasonable foreseeable outcome related to these matters. accordingly, although their ultimate resolution may require additional tax payments, we do not anticipate any material impact on our results of operations from these matters.
for additional information, see note 7, "income taxes," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
goodwill and other intangible assets our consolidated goodwill at december 31, 2015 was $17,562.2 and other intangible assets were $8,158.0. the sum of goodwill and other intangible assets represented 41.7% of our total consolidated assets and 111.6% of our consolidated shareholders' equity at december 31, 2015.
we follow fasb guidance for business combinations and goodwill and other intangible assets, which specifies the types of acquired intangible assets that are required to be recognized and reported separately from goodwill. under the guidance, goodwill and other intangible assets (with indefinite lives) are not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually. furthermore, goodwill and other intangible assets are allocated to reporting units for purposes of the annual impairment test. our impairment tests require us to make assumptions and judgments regarding the estimated fair value of our reporting units,
which include goodwill and other intangible assets. in addition, certain other intangible assets with indefinite lives, such as trademarks, are also tested separately.
we complete our annual impairment tests of existing goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives during the fourth quarter of each year. these tests involve the use of estimates related to the fair value of goodwill at the reporting unit level and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, and require a significant degree of management judgment and the use of subjective assumptions. certain interim impairment tests are also performed when potential impairment indicators exist or changes in our business or other triggering events occur.
fair value is estimated using the income and market approaches for goodwill at the reporting unit level and the income approach for our indefinite lived intangible assets. use of the income and market approaches for our goodwill impairment test reflects our view that both valuation methodologies provide a reasonable estimate of fair value. the income approach is developed using assumptions about future revenue, expenses and net income derived from our internal planning process. these estimated future cash flows are then discounted. our assumed discount rate is based on our industry's weighted-average cost of capital. market valuations are based on observed multiples of certain measures including membership, revenue and ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) and include market comparisons to publicly traded companies in our industry.
we did not incur any impairment losses as a result of our 2015 annual impairment tests as the estimated fair values of our reporting units were substantially in excess of the carrying values as of december 31, 2015. additionally, we do not believe that the estimated fair values of our reporting units are at risk of becoming impaired in the next twelve months. however, as a result of certain provisions of health care reform, along with current economic conditions, we have experienced lower operating margins in certain lines of business. those margins could become further compressed if results from implementation of health care reform are significantly different than anticipated. as a result, the estimated fair values of certain of our reporting units with goodwill could fall below their carrying values in future periods and if that were to occur, we would be required to record impairment losses at that time.
while we believe we have appropriately allocated the purchase price of our acquisitions, this allocation requires many assumptions to be made regarding the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired. in addition, estimated fair values developed based on our assumptions and judgments might be significantly different if other reasonable assumptions and estimates were to be used. if estimated fair values are less than the carrying values of goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives in future annual impairment tests, or if significant impairment indicators are noted relative to other intangible assets subject to amortization, we may be required to record impairment losses against future income.
for additional information, see note 3, "business acquisitions and divestiture" and note 9, "goodwill and other intangible assets," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
investments current and long-term available-for-sale investment securities were $18,951.0 at december 31, 2015 and represented 30.7% of our total consolidated assets at december 31, 2015. we classify fixed maturity and equity securities in our investment portfolio as "available-for-sale" or "trading" and report those securities at fair value. certain fixed maturity securities are available to support current operations and, accordingly, we classify such investments as current assets without regard to their contractual maturity. investments used to satisfy contractual, regulatory or other requirements are classified as long-term, without regard to contractual maturity.
we review investment securities to determine if declines in fair value below cost are other-than-temporary. this review is subjective and requires a high degree of judgment. we conduct this review on a quarterly basis, using both qualitative and quantitative factors, to determine whether a decline in value is other-than-temporary. such factors considered include the length of time and the extent to which a security's market value has been less than its cost, the reasons for the decline in value (i.e., credit event compared to liquidity, general credit spread widening, currency exchange rate or interest rate factors), financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, including the credit ratings and changes in the credit ratings of the issuer, recommendations of investment advisors, and forecasts of economic, market or industry trends. in addition, for equity securities, we determine whether we have the intent and ability to hold the security for a period of time to allow for a
recovery of its fair value above its carrying amount. if any declines of equity securities are determined to be other-than-temporary, we charge the losses to income when that determination is made.
certain fasb other-than-temporary impairment, or otti, guidance applies to fixed maturity securities and provides guidance on the recognition, presentation of, and disclosures for ottis. if a fixed maturity security is in an unrealized loss position and we have the intent to sell the fixed maturity security, or it is more likely than not that we will have to sell the fixed maturity security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the decline in value is deemed to be other-than-temporary and is presented within the other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in income line item on our consolidated statements of income. for impaired fixed maturity securities that we do not intend to sell or it is more likely than not that we will not have to sell such securities, but we expect that we will not fully recover the amortized cost basis, the credit component of the otti is presented within the other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in income line item on our consolidated statements of income and the non-credit component of the otti is recognized in other comprehensive income. furthermore, unrealized losses entirely caused by non-credit related factors related to fixed maturity securities for which we expect to fully recover the amortized cost basis continue to be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income.
the credit component of an otti is determined primarily by comparing the net present value of projected future cash flows with the amortized cost basis of the fixed maturity security. the net present value is calculated by discounting our best estimate of projected future cash flows at the effective interest rate implicit in the fixed maturity security at the date of acquisition. for mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, cash flow estimates are based on assumptions regarding the underlying collateral including prepayment speeds, vintage, type of underlying asset, geographic concentrations, default rates, recoveries and changes in value. for all other debt securities, cash flow estimates are driven by assumptions regarding probability of default, including changes in credit ratings, and estimates regarding timing and amount of recoveries associated with a default.
we have a committee of accounting and investment associates and management that is responsible for managing the impairment review process. the current economic environment and volatility of securities markets increase the difficulty of assessing investment impairment and the same influences tend to increase the risk of potential impairment of these assets.
we believe we have adequately reviewed our investment securities for impairment and that our investment securities are carried at fair value. however, over time, the economic and market environment may provide additional insight regarding the fair value of certain securities, which could change our judgment regarding impairment. this could result in other-than-temporary impairment losses on investments being charged against future income. given the current market conditions and the significant judgments involved, there is continuing risk that further declines in fair value may occur and additional, material other-than-temporary impairment losses on investments may be recorded in future periods.
in addition to available-for-sale investment securities, we held additional long-term investments of $2,041.1, or 3.3% of total consolidated assets, at december 31, 2015. these long-term investments consisted primarily of certain other equity investments, cash surrender value of corporate-owned life insurance policies and real estate. due to their less liquid nature, these investments are classified as long-term.
through our investing activities, we are exposed to financial market risks, including those resulting from changes in interest rates and changes in equity market valuations. we manage the market risks through our investment policy, which establishes credit quality limits and limits on investments in individual issuers. ineffective management of these risks could have an impact on our future earnings and financial position. our investment portfolio includes fixed maturity securities with a fair value of $17,478.2 at december 31, 2015. the weighted-average credit rating of these securities was "a" as of december 31, 2015. included in this balance are investments in fixed maturity securities of states, municipalities and political subdivisions, mortgage-backed securities, and corporate securities of $1,483.5, $3.2 and $0.3, respectively, that are guaranteed by third parties. with the exception of twenty-seven securities with a fair value of $11.5, these securities are all investment-grade and carry a weighted-average credit rating of "aa" as of december 31, 2015. the securities are guaranteed by a number of different guarantors and we do not have any significant exposure to any single guarantor (neither indirect through the guarantees, nor direct through investment in the guarantor). further, due to the high underlying credit rating of the issuers, the weighted-average credit rating of these securities without a guarantee was "aa" as of december 31, 2015 for the securities for which such information is available.
at december 31, 2015, we owned $777.2 of energy sector fixed maturity securities out of a total available-for-sale investment portfolio of $18,951.0. these energy sector securities had accumulated net unrealized losses of $172.0 and have the potential for material future credit loss impairments if oil and natural gas prices stay at current levels or are further suppressed.
fair values of available-for-sale fixed maturity and equity securities are based on quoted market prices, where available. these fair values are obtained primarily from third party pricing services, which generally use level i or level ii inputs for the determination of fair value in accordance with fasb guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures. we have controls in place to review the pricing services' qualifications and procedures used to determine fair values. in addition, we periodically review the pricing services' pricing methodologies, data sources and pricing inputs to ensure the fair values obtained are reasonable.
we obtain only one quoted price for each security from the pricing services, which are derived through recently reported trades for identical or similar securities making adjustments through the reporting date based upon available market observable information. for securities not actively traded, the pricing services may use quoted market prices of comparable instruments or discounted cash flow analyses, incorporating inputs that are currently observable in the markets for similar securities. inputs that are often used in the valuation methodologies include, but are not limited to, broker quotes, benchmark yields, credit spreads, default rates and prepayment speeds. as we are responsible for the determination of fair value, we perform monthly analysis on the prices received from the pricing services to determine whether the prices are reasonable estimates of fair value. our analysis includes a review of month-to-month price fluctuations. if unusual fluctuations are noted in this review, we may obtain additional information from other pricing services to validate the quoted price. there were no adjustments to quoted market prices obtained from the pricing services during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014.
in certain circumstances, it may not be possible to derive pricing model inputs from observable market activity, and therefore, such inputs are estimated internally. such securities are designated level iii in accordance with fasb guidance. securities designated level iii at december 31, 2015 totaled $315.8 and represented approximately 1.5% of our total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. our level iii securities primarily consisted of certain corporate securities, equity securities and structured securities for which observable inputs were not always available and the fair values of these securities were estimated using internal estimates for inputs including, but not limited to, prepayment speeds, credit spreads, default rates and benchmark yields.
for additional information, see part ii, item 7a "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk", and part ii, item 8, note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," note 4, "investments," and note 6, "fair value," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
retirement benefits pension benefits we sponsor defined benefit pension plans for some of our employees. these plans are accounted for in accordance with fasb guidance for retirement benefits, which requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined on an actuarial basis. as permitted by the guidance, we calculate the value of plan assets as described below. further, the difference between our expected rate of return and the actual performance of plan assets, as well as certain changes in pension liabilities, are amortized over future periods.
an important factor in determining our pension expense is the assumption for expected long-term return on plan assets. as of our december 31, 2015 measurement date, we selected a weighted-average long-term rate of return on plan assets of 7.84%. we use a total portfolio return analysis in the development of our assumption. factors such as past market performance, the long-term relationship between fixed maturity and equity securities, interest rates, inflation and asset allocations are considered in the assumption. the assumption includes an estimate of the additional return expected from active management of the investment portfolio. peer data and an average of historical returns are also reviewed for appropriateness of the selected assumption. we believe our assumption of future returns is reasonable. however, if we lower our expected long-term return on plan assets, future contributions to the pension plan and pension expense would likely increase.
this assumed long-term rate of return on assets is applied to a calculated value of plan assets, which recognizes changes in the fair value of plan assets in a systematic manner over three years, producing the expected return on plan assets that is included in the determination of pension expense. we apply a corridor approach to amortize unrecognized actuarial gains or losses. under this approach, only accumulated net actuarial gains or losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets are amortized over the average remaining service or lifetime of the workforce as a component of pension expense. the net deferral of past asset gains or losses affects the calculated value of plan assets and, ultimately, future pension expense.
the discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year based on our most recent measurement date. at the december 31, 2015 measurement date, the selected weighted-average discount rate was 3.92%, compared to 3.66% at the december 31, 2014 measurement date. we developed this rate using a yield curve approach. using yields available on high-quality fixed maturity securities with various maturity dates, the yield curve approach provides a "customized" rate, which is meant to match the expected cash flows of our specific benefit plans. the net effect of changes in the discount rate, as well as the net effect of other changes in actuarial assumptions and experience, have been deferred and amortized as a component of pension expense in accordance with fasb guidance.
in managing the plan assets, our objective is to be a responsible fiduciary while minimizing financial risk. plan assets include a diversified mix of investment grade fixed maturity securities, equity securities and alternative investments across a range of sectors and levels of capitalization to maximize the long-term return for a prudent level of risk. in addition to producing a reasonable return, the investment strategy seeks to minimize the volatility in our expense and cash flow.
other postretirement benefits we provide most associates with certain medical, vision and dental benefits upon retirement. we use various actuarial assumptions, including a discount rate and the expected trend in health care costs, to estimate the costs and benefit obligations for our retiree benefits.
at our december 31, 2015 measurement date, the selected discount rate for all plans was 4.01%, compared to a discount rate of 3.74% at the december 31, 2014 measurement date. we developed this rate using a yield curve approach as described above.
the assumed health care cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of pre-medicare (those who are not currently eligible for medicare benefits) other benefits at our december 31, 2015 measurement date was 8.00% for 2016 with a gradual decline to 4.50% by the year 2028. the assumed health care cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of post-medicare (those who are currently eligible for medicare benefits) other benefits at our december 31, 2015 measurement date was 5.75% for 2016 with a gradual decline to 4.50% by the year 2021. these estimated trend rates are subject to change in the future. the health care cost trend rate assumption has a significant effect on the amounts reported. for example, an increase in the assumed health care cost trend rate of one percentage point would increase the postretirement benefit obligation as of december 31, 2015 by $45.0 and would increase service and interest costs by $2.2. conversely, a decrease in the assumed health care cost trend rate of one percentage point would decrease the postretirement benefit obligation by $38.3 as of december 31, 2015 and would decrease service and interest costs by $1.8.
for additional information regarding our retirement benefits, see note 10, "retirement benefits," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
new accounting pronouncements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements that were issued or became effective during the year ended december 31, 2015 that had, or are expected to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or financial statement disclosures, see the "recently adopted accounting guidance" and "recent accounting guidance not yet adopted" sections of note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies" to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources introduction our cash receipts result primarily from premiums, administrative fees, investment income, other revenue, proceeds from the sale or maturity of our investment securities, proceeds from borrowings, and proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans. cash disbursements result mainly from claims payments, administrative expenses, taxes, purchases of investment securities, interest expense, payments on borrowings, acquisitions, capital expenditures, repurchases of our debt securities and common stock and the payment of cash dividends. cash outflows fluctuate with the amount and timing of settlement of these transactions. any future decline in our profitability would likely have an unfavorable impact on our liquidity.
we manage our cash, investments and capital structure so we are able to meet the short and long-term obligations of our business while maintaining financial flexibility and liquidity. we forecast, analyze and monitor our cash flows to enable investment and financing within the overall constraints of our financial strategy.
a substantial portion of the assets held by our regulated subsidiaries are in the form of cash and cash equivalents and investments. after considering expected cash flows from operating activities, we generally invest cash that exceeds our near term obligations in longer term marketable fixed maturity securities to improve our overall investment income returns. our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements, while preserving our asset base. our investments are generally available-for-sale to meet liquidity and other needs. our subsidiaries pay out excess capital annually in the form of dividends to their respective parent companies for general corporate use, as permitted by applicable regulations.
the availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, debt ratings, contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and market conditions. the securities and credit markets have been experiencing higher than normal volatility. during recent years, the federal government and various governmental agencies have taken a number of steps to restore liquidity in the financial markets and to help relieve the credit crisis and strengthen the regulation of the financial services market. in addition, governments around the world have developed their own plans to provide liquidity and security in the credit markets and to ensure adequate capital in certain financial institutions.
we have a $2,500.0 commercial paper program. should commercial paper issuance be unavailable, we have the ability to use a combination of cash on hand and/or our $3,500.0 senior revolving credit facility to redeem any outstanding commercial paper upon maturity. additionally, we believe the lenders participating in our credit facility would be willing and able to provide financing in accordance with their legal obligations. in addition to the $3,500.0 senior revolving credit facility, we estimate that we will receive approximately $2,100.0 of dividends from our subsidiaries during 2016, which also provides further operating and financial flexibility.
the table below outlines the cash flows provided by or used in operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:
operating activities                                               $4,116.0                $3,369.3                $3,052.3
investing activities                                               (1,151.5    )             (974.9    )           (2,234.4    )
financing activities                                               (2,997.4    )           (1,822.5    )           (1,717.8    )
effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents          (5.3    )               (7.1    )                2.2
liquidity-year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
during the year ended december 31, 2015, net cash flow provided by operating activities was $4,116.0, compared to $3,369.3 for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $746.7. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in premium receipts as a result of rate increases across our businesses designed to cover overall cost trends and the hip fee, and growth in membership. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was further attributable to the receipt of the reinsurance recoveries payment related to the 2014 health care reform reinsurance premium stabilization program and payments made in 2014 that did not recur in 2015 for the adjudication of claims relating to the new york state contract conversion from our fully-insured local group business to a self-funded aso contract. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by an increase in claims payments, primarily as a result of membership growth, an increase in income tax payments and an increase in the annual hip fee payment.
net cash flow used in investing activities was $1,151.5 during the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $974.9 for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in cash flow used in investing activities of $176.6 primarily resulted from changes in cash flows relating to the purchase and sale of subsidiaries. cash utilized for the purchase of subsidiaries during the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily related to the purchase of simply healthcare. during the year ended december 31, 2014, cash was provided by the sale of our 1-800 contacts business and glasses.com related assets. the increase in cash flow used in investing activities was partially offset by changes in securities lending collateral and a decrease in net purchases of investments.
net cash flow used in financing activities was $2,997.4 during the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $1,822.5 for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in cash flow used in financing activities of $1,174.9 primarily resulted from changes in long-term borrowings as a result of net repayments of long-term borrowings during 2015 compared to net proceeds from long-term borrowings during 2014. the increase in cash flow used in financing activities was further attributable to changes in securities lending payable, changes in bank overdrafts, an increase in cash dividends paid to shareholders and a decrease in proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans. the increase in cash flow used in financing activities was partially offset by a decrease in common stock repurchases, an increase in net proceeds from commercial paper borrowings, an increase in net proceeds from short-term borrowings and an increase in excess tax benefits from share-based compensation.
liquidity- year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
during the year ended december 31, 2014, net cash flow provided by operating activities was $3,369.3, compared to $3,052.3 for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $317.0. this increase was primarily attributable to an increase in premium receipts as a result of rate increases across our businesses designed to cover overall cost trends and new fees associated with health care reform and an increase in administrative fee receipts primarily as a result of growth in membership. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was offset, in part, by payments for new fees associated with health care reform, including the hip fee and assessments related to the health care reform reinsurance premium stabilization program. the increase was further offset by an increase in claims payments primarily as a result of membership growth, an increase in personnel service costs and an increase in income taxes paid.
net cash flow used in investing activities was $974.9 during the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $2,234.4 for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease in cash flow used in investing activities of $1,259.5 primarily resulted from cash provided by the sale of our 1-800 contacts business and glasses.com related assets on january 31, 2014 and a decrease in net purchases of investments, partially offset by changes in securities lending collateral.
net cash flow used in financing activities was $1,822.5 during the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $1,717.8 for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in cash flow used in financing activities of $104.7 primarily resulted from an increase in common stock repurchases, a decrease in proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans and an increase in net repayments of commercial paper borrowings. these increases in net cash used in financing activities were partially offset by changes in short- and long-term borrowings as a result of net proceeds received from long-term borrowings during 2014 compared to net repayments of short- and long-term borrowings during 2013. in addition, the increase in net cash flow used in financing activities was partially offset by changes in bank overdrafts and changes in securities lending payable.
financial condition we maintained a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents and investments, including long-term investments, of $23,124.7 at december 31, 2015. since december 31, 2014, total cash, cash equivalents and investments, including long-term investments, decreased by $653.0 primarily due to common stock repurchases, net repayments of short- and long-term borrowings, cash dividends paid to shareholders, the acquisition of simply healthcare, purchases of property and equipment, decreases in bank overdrafts and decreases in securities lending payables. these decreases were partially offset by cash generated from operations, net proceeds received from commercial paper borrowings, decreases in securities lending collateral, proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock plans and excess tax benefits from share-based compensation.
many of our subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to their respective parent companies. certain accounting practices prescribed by insurance regulatory authorities, or statutory accounting practices, differ from gaap. changes that occur in statutory accounting practices, if any, could impact our subsidiaries' future dividend capacity. in addition, we have agreed to certain undertakings to regulatory authorities, including the requirement to maintain certain capital levels in certain of our subsidiaries.
at december 31, 2015, we held $1,368.3 of cash, cash equivalents and investments at the parent company, which are available for general corporate use, including investment in our businesses, acquisitions, potential future common stock repurchases and dividends to shareholders, repurchases of debt securities and debt and interest payments.
debt during the year ended december 31, 2015, we repurchased $920.0 of the aggregate principal balance of our outstanding senior convertible debentures due 2042, or the debentures. in addition, $66.6 aggregate principal balance was surrendered for conversion by certain holders in accordance with the terms and provisions of the indenture governing the debentures. we elected to settle the excess of the principal amount of the repurchases and conversions with cash for total payments of $2,055.7. we recognized a gain on the extinguishment of debt related to the debentures of $12.7, based on the fair values of the debt on the repurchase and conversion settlement dates.
on september 10, 2015, we repaid, upon maturity, the $625.0 outstanding principal balance of our 1.25% senior unsecured notes due 2015. additionally, during the year ended december 31, 2015, we repurchased $13.0 of outstanding principal balance of certain other senior unsecured notes, plus applicable premium, accrued and unpaid interest, for cash totaling $16.2. we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $3.4 on the repurchase of these notes.
on may 12, 2015, we issued 25.0 equity units, pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated may 6, 2015, in an aggregate principal amount of $1,250.0. each equity unit has a stated amount of $50 (whole dollars) and consists of a purchase contract obligating the holder to purchase a certain number of shares of our common stock on may 1, 2018, subject to earlier termination or settlement, for a price in cash of $50 (whole dollars); and a 5% undivided beneficial ownership interest in $1,000 (whole dollars) principal amount of our 1.900% remarketable subordinated notes, or rsns, due 2028. we received $1,228.8 in cash proceeds from the issuance of the equity units, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by us, and recorded $1,250.0 in long-term debt.
on september 15, 2014, we redeemed the $500.0 outstanding principal balance of our 5.000% senior unsecured notes due 2014, plus applicable premium for early redemption and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, for cash totaling $512.3. we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $2.3 on the redemption of these notes.
on september 11, 2014, we redeemed the $1,097.9 outstanding principal balance of our 5.250% senior unsecured notes due 2016, plus applicable premium for early redemption and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, for cash totaling $1,178.2. we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $67.6 on the redemption of these notes.
additionally, during the year ended december 31, 2014, we repurchased $52.0 of outstanding principal amount of certain other senior unsecured notes, plus applicable premium for early redemption plus accrued and unpaid interest, for cash totaling $61.0. we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $11.2 for the year ended december 31, 2014 on the repurchase of these notes.
on august 12, 2014, we issued $850.0 of 2.250% notes due 2019, $800.0 of 3.500% notes due 2024, $800.0 of 4.650% notes due 2044, and $250.0 of 4.850% notes due 2054 under our shelf registration statement. we used the proceeds from this offering in part to fund the purchase price of the 5.000% and 5.250% senior unsecured notes discussed above, and the remaining net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on february 15 and august 15 of each year and commenced on february 15, 2015. the notes have a call feature that allows us to redeem the notes at any time at our option and a put feature that allows a note holder to redeem the notes upon the occurrence of both a change in control event and a downgrade of the notes below an investment grade rating.
on september 5, 2013, we redeemed the $400.0 outstanding principal balance of our 6.000% senior unsecured notes due 2014, plus applicable premium for early redemption and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, for cash totaling $411.0. we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $10.0 on the redemption of these notes.
on july 30, 2013, we initiated a cash tender offer and consent solicitation to purchase up to $300.0 aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 5.875% notes due 2017 and 7.000% notes due 2019 (the "first tranche offer") and to purchase up to $300.0 aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 5.950% notes due 2034, 5.850% notes due 2036, 6.375% notes due 2037 and 5.800% notes due 2040 (the "second tranche offer"), collectively, the "tender offers". the tender offers were each subject to increase up to an additional $100.0 at our election. on august 12, 2013, we increased the second tranche offer to $400.0 and on august 13, 2013 we repurchased $300.0 of the first tranche offer notes and $400.0 of the second tranche offer notes for cash totaling $837.7. holders who tendered their notes prior to the early tender date received the principal amounts, applicable premium for early redemption and accrued and unpaid interest to the early tender offer settlement date. we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $135.3 on the repurchase of these notes.
on july 30, 2013, we issued $650.0 of 2.300% notes due 2018 and $600.0 of 5.100% notes due 2044 under our shelf registration statement. we used the proceeds from this offering in part to fund the purchase price of the 6.000% senior unsecured notes and the tender offers discussed above, and the balance for general corporate purposes. interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on january 15 and july 15 of each year and commenced on january 15, 2014. the notes have a call feature that allows us to repurchase the notes at any time at our option and a put feature that allows a note holder to require us to repurchase the notes upon the occurrence of both a change in control event and a downgrade of the notes below an investment grade rating.
on january 25, 2013, we redeemed the outstanding principal balance of $475.0 of 7.500% senior unsecured notes due 2019, plus applicable premium, accrued and unpaid interest, for cash totaling $555.6. the weighted-average redemption price of the notes was approximately 117% of the principal amount outstanding.
for additional information related to our borrowing activities, see note 12, "debt" to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we calculate our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio, a non-gaap measure, which we believe assists investors and rating agencies in measuring our overall leverage and additional borrowing capacity. in addition, our bank covenants include a maximum debt-to-capital ratio that we cannot and did not exceed. our debt-to-capital ratio is calculated as the sum of debt divided by the sum of debt plus shareholders' equity. our debt-to-capital ratio may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio was 40.8% and 38.3% as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we expect that our pro forma debt-to-capital ratio will approximate 49% at the closing of the acquisition of cigna and we are committed to deleveraging to the low 40% range approximately twenty-four months following the closing.
our senior debt is rated "a" by standard & poor's, "bbb" by fitch, inc., "baa2" by moody's investor service, inc. and "bbb+" by am best company, inc. we intend to maintain our senior debt investment grade ratings. a significant downgrade in our debt ratings could adversely affect our borrowing capacity and costs.
future sources and uses of liquidity during the year ended december 31, 2015, we entered into a bridge facility commitment letter and a joinder agreement, and a term loan facility, to finance a portion of the pending acquisition of cigna. the commitment of the lenders to provide the bridge facility and the term loan facility is subject to several conditions, including the completion of the acquisition. for additional information, see the "overview" section included in this "management's discussion and analysis of financial
condition and results of operations"; and note 3, "business acquisitions and divestiture - pending acquisition of cigna corporation" included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we have a shelf registration statement on file with the securities and exchange commission to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. in april 2015, we filed a post-effective amendment to our shelf registration statement to register warrants, depositary shares, rights, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units as additional securities that can be offered under the shelf registration statement. specific information regarding terms and securities being offered will be provided at the time of an offering. proceeds from future offerings are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, the repayment of debt, investments in or extensions of credit to our subsidiaries and the financing of possible acquisitions or business expansion.
on august 25, 2015, we terminated our $2,000.0 senior revolving credit facility, initially scheduled to mature on september 29, 2016, and entered into a new $3,500.0 senior revolving credit facility, or the facility, with a group of lenders. the interest rate on the facility is based on either the libor rate or a base rate plus a predetermined rate based on our public debt rating at the date of utilization. our ability to borrow under the facility is subject to compliance with certain covenants. the facility matures on august 25, 2020 and is available for general corporate purposes. there were no amounts outstanding under the senior revolving credit facilities at december 31, 2015 or 2014.
we have an authorized commercial paper program of up to $2,500.0, the proceeds of which may be used for general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2015, we had $682.2 outstanding under our commercial paper program. we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program at december 31, 2014. commercial paper borrowings have been classified as long-term debt at december 31, 2015 as our general practice and intent is to replace short-term commercial paper outstanding at expiration with additional short-term commercial paper for an uninterrupted period extending for more than one year and we have the ability to redeem our commercial paper with borrowings under the senior revolving credit facility described above.
we are a member, through certain subsidiaries, of the federal home loan bank of indianapolis, the federal home loan bank of cincinnati and the federal home loan bank of atlanta, collectively, the fhlbs, and as a member we have the ability to obtain short-term cash advances subject to certain minimum collateral requirements. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, $540.0 and $400.0, respectively, were outstanding under our short-term fhlbs borrowings.
as discussed in "financial condition" above, many of our subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid. based upon these requirements, we are currently estimating approximately $2,100.0 of dividends to be paid to the parent company during 2016. during 2015, we received $2,672.3 of dividends from our subsidiaries.
we regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions, common stock and debt security repurchases and dividends to shareholders. the declaration and payment of any dividends or repurchases of our common stock or debt is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our financial condition, results of operations, future liquidity needs, regulatory and capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors.
a summary of the cash dividend activity for the year ended december 31, 2015 is as follows:
a summary of common stock repurchases for the year ended december 31, 2015 is as follows:
on october 2, 2014, the board of directors authorized a $5,000.0 increase to the common stock repurchase program. repurchases may be made from time to time at prevailing market prices, subject to certain restrictions on volume, pricing and timing. the repurchases are effected from time to time in the open market, through negotiated transactions, including accelerated share repurchase agreements, and through plans designed to comply with rule 10b5-1 under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. we expect to utilize the unused authorization remaining at december 31, 2015 over a multi-year period, subject to market and industry conditions. our stock repurchase program is discretionary as we are under no obligation to repurchase shares. we repurchase shares under the program when we believe it is a prudent use of capital.
contractual obligations and commitments our estimated contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2015 are as follows:
other long-term liabilities2                          1,317.8                    62.4                   518.0                   464.9                       272.5
operating lease commitments                             848.7                   141.5                   267.2                   194.2                       245.8
investment commitments4                                 685.3                   272.8                   224.7                   148.9                        38.9
total contractual obligations and commitments       $30,413.9                $3,573.4                $5,077.4                $4,029.8                   $17,733.3
2   primarily consists of reserves for future policy benefits, projected other postretirement benefits, deferred compensation, supplemental executive retirement plan liabilities and certain other miscellaneous long-term obligations. estimated future payments for funded pension benefits have been excluded from this table as we had no funding requirements under erisa at december 31, 2015 as a result of the value of the assets in the plans.
3   includes estimated payments for future services under contractual arrangements from third-party service contracts.
4   includes unfunded capital commitments for alternative investments.
the above table does not contain $224.3 of gross liabilities for uncertain tax positions and interest for which we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of the resolutions with the respective taxing authorities. for further information, see note 7, "income taxes," to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in addition to the contractual obligations and commitments discussed above, we have a variety of other contractual agreements related to acquiring materials and services used in our operations. however, we do not believe these other agreements contain material noncancelable commitments.
we believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments and funds available under our senior revolving credit facility, bridge facility, term loan facility and/or from public or private financing sources, will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet derivative instruments, guarantee transactions, agreements or other contractual arrangements or any indemnification agreements that will require funding in future periods. we have not transferred assets to an unconsolidated entity that serve as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. we do not hold any variable interest in an unconsolidated entity where such entity provides us with financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support.
risk-based capital our regulated subsidiaries' states of domicile have statutory risk-based capital, or rbc, requirements for health and other insurance companies and health maintenance organizations largely based on the national association of insurance commissioners, or naic, rbc model act. these rbc requirements are intended to measure capital adequacy, taking into account the risk characteristics of an insurer's investments and products. the naic sets forth the formula for calculating the rbc requirements, which are designed to take into account asset risks, insurance risks, interest rate risks and other relevant risks with respect to an individual insurance company's business. in general, under the rbc model act, an insurance company must submit a report of its rbc level to the state insurance department or insurance commissioner, as appropriate, at the end of each calendar year. our regulated subsidiaries' respective rbc levels as of december 31, 2015, which was the most recent date for which reporting was required, were in excess of all mandatory rbc thresholds. in addition to exceeding the rbc requirements, we are in compliance with the liquidity and capital requirements for a licensee of the bcbsa and with the tangible net worth requirements applicable to certain of our california subsidiaries.
for additional information, see note 21, "statutory information," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
forward-looking statements this document contains certain forward-looking information about us that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for "forward-looking statements" provided by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are generally not historical facts. words such as "expect," "feel," "believe," "will," "may," "should," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "project" "forecast," "plan," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements include, but are not limited to: financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions; statements regarding plans, objectives and expectations with respect to future operations, products and services; and statements regarding future performance. such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking statements. these risks and uncertainties include: those discussed and identified in our public filings with the u.s. securities and exchange commission, or sec; increased government participation in, or regulation or taxation of health benefits and managed care operations, including, but not limited to, the impact of the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010, or health care reform; trends in health care costs and utilization rates; our ability to secure sufficient premium rates including regulatory approval for and implementation of such rates; our participation in federal and state health insurance exchanges under health care reform, which have experienced and continue to experience challenges due to implementation of initial and phased-in provisions of health care reform, and which entail uncertainties associated with the mix and volume of business, particularly in our individual and small group markets, that could negatively impact the adequacy of our premium rates and which may not be sufficiently offset by the risk apportionment provisions of health care reform; the ultimate outcome of our pending acquisition of cigna corporation ("cigna") (the "acquisition"), including our ability to achieve the synergies and value creation contemplated by the acquisition within the expected time period, or at all, and the risk that unexpected costs will be incurred in connection therewith; the ultimate outcome and results of integrating our and cigna's operations and disruption from the acquisition making it more difficult to maintain businesses and operational relationships; the possibility that the acquisition does not close, including, but not limited to, due to the failure to satisfy the closing conditions, including the receipt of required regulatory approvals; the risks and uncertainties detailed by cigna with respect to its business as described in its reports and documents filed with the sec; our ability to contract with providers on cost-effective and competitive terms; competitor pricing below market trends of increasing costs; reduced enrollment, as well as a negative change in our health care product mix; risks and uncertainties regarding medicare and medicaid programs, including those related to non-compliance with the complex regulations imposed thereon and funding risks with respect to revenue received from participation therein; a downgrade in our financial strength ratings; increases in costs and other
liabilities associated with increased litigation, government investigations, audits or reviews; medical malpractice or professional liability claims or other risks related to health care services provided by our subsidiaries; our ability to repurchase shares of our common stock and pay dividends on our common stock due to the adequacy of our cash flow and earnings and other considerations; non-compliance by any party with the express scripts, inc. pharmacy benefit management services agreement, which could result in financial penalties, our inability to meet customer demands, and sanctions imposed by governmental entities, including the centers for medicare and medicaid services; events that result in negative publicity for us or the health benefits industry; failure to effectively maintain and modernize our information systems; events that may negatively affect our licenses with the blue cross and blue shield association; state guaranty fund assessments for insolvent insurers; possible impairment of the value of our intangible assets if future results do not adequately support goodwill and other intangible assets; intense competition to attract and retain employees; unauthorized disclosure of member or employee sensitive or confidential information, including the impact and outcome of investigations, inquiries, claims and litigation related to the cyber attack we reported in february 2015; changes in economic and market conditions, as well as regulations that may negatively affect our investment portfolios and liquidity; possible restrictions in the payment of dividends by our subsidiaries and increases in required minimum levels of capital and the potential negative effect from our substantial amount of outstanding indebtedness; general risks associated with mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances; various laws and provisions in our governing documents that may prevent or discourage takeovers and business combinations; future public health epidemics and catastrophes; and general economic downturns. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof. we do not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable securities laws. investors are also advised to carefully review and consider the various risks and other disclosures discussed in our sec reports.