item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. the information in this discussion contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. such statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. for example, the words "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "intends" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. our actual results and the timing of certain events may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. factors that might cause such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those discussed in "liquidity and capital resources" and "risk factors" elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. all forward-looking statements in this document are based on information available to us as of the date hereof and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.
our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to assist readers in understanding our financial information from our management's perspective and is presented as follows:
•   overview
•   non-gaap financial measures
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   critical accounting policies and estimates
•   recent accounting pronouncements in december 2015, as more fully described in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, we issued $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.875% senior notes due january 15, 2026 (the "2026 senior notes").
in december 2015, as more fully described in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, we entered into the second amendment (the "second amendment") to our senior credit facility. pursuant to the second amendment, our revolving credit facility was increased by $500.0 million to $1.5 billion and we received commitments for an additional $250.0 million seven-year term loan facility and for an additional £300.0 million, or approximately $442.0 million in u.s. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on december 31, 2015, seven-year term loan (collectively, the "term loan b commitments"). we borrowed the full amount of the term loan b commitments in january 2016.
in november 2015, as more fully described in note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, we issued and sold 2,994,792 shares of our common stock in a public offering. we received net proceeds of approximately $829.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses.
we intend to use the net proceeds we received from the sale of our 2026 senior notes and from the sale of our common stock, as well as the net proceeds we received in january 2016 from our term loan b commitments, for both merger and acquisition activities and general corporate purposes.
in november 2015, as more fully described in note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, we completed our acquisition of tokyo-based bit-isle inc. ("bit-isle") valued at ¥33.2 billion or approximately $275.4 million u.s. dollars.
in connection with our acquisition of bit-isle, as more fully described in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements, in september 2015 we entered into a term loan agreement (the "bridge term loan agreement") with the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd. ("btmu"). btmu has committed to provide a senior bridge loan facility (the "bridge term loan") in the amount of up to ¥47.5 billion, or approximately $395.2 million at the exchange rate in effect on december 31, 2015. proceeds from the bridge term loan are to be used exclusively for the acquisition of bit-isle, the repayment of bit-isle's existing debt and transaction costs incurred in connection with the closing of the bridge term loan and the acquisition of bit-isle. we borrowed ¥46.5 billion, or approximately $386.5 million in u.s. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on december 31, 2015, under the bridge term loan in the fourth quarter of 2015. we intend to obtain permanent financing to replace and terminate the bridge term loan in 2016.
in may 2015, as more fully described in note 2 and note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, we announced an offer for the entire issued and to be issued share capital of telecitygroup, valued at approximately £2.4 billion, or $3.8 billion in u.s. dollars. the transaction closed in january 2016. the total consideration consisted of $1.7 billion in cash and 6.9 million shares of our common stock, valued at $2.1 billion. in connection with the transaction, we also entered into a bridge credit agreement (the "bridge loan") with j.p. morgan chase bank, n.a. ("jpmcb") as the initial lender and as administrative agent for the lenders (the "lenders"), for a principal amount of £875.0 million; or approximately $1.3 billion. the bridge loan was dedicated solely for the acquisition of telecitygroup and to satisfy funds certain requirements under uk takeover code. we terminated the bridge loan in january 2016.
in may 2015, we received a favorable response to the plr request we had submitted to the irs in connection with our conversion to a reit for federal income tax purposes effective for the taxable year commencing january 1, 2015.
in april 2015, as more fully described in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, we entered into the first amendment (the "first amendment") of our credit agreement dated december 17, 2014 (the "senior credit facility"). the amendment allowed for the conversion of the outstanding u.s. dollar-denominated principal amount of the term loan facility to an approximately equivalent amount denominated in four foreign currencies.  in connection with the execution of the amendment, on april 30, 2015, we repaid the u.s. dollar-denominated $490.0 million remaining principal balance of the term loan facility and immediately re-borrowed under the term loan facility the aggregate principal amount of chf 47.8 million, €184.9 million, £92.6 million and ¥11.9 million, or approximately $490.0 million in u.s dollars in total.
overview equinix provides global data center offerings that protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. global enterprises, financial services companies and content and network service providers rely upon equinix's leading insight and data centers in 33 markets around the world for the safekeeping of their critical it equipment and the ability to directly connect to the networks that enable today's information-driven economy. equinix offers the following solutions: (i) premium data center colocation, (ii) interconnection and (iii) exchange and outsourced it infrastructure services. as of december 31, 2015, we operated or had partner international business exchange ("ibx") data centers in the atlanta, boston, chicago, dallas, denver, los angeles, miami, new york, philadelphia, rio de janeiro, sao paulo, seattle, silicon valley, toronto and washington, d.c. metro areas in the americas region; france, germany, italy, the netherlands, switzerland, the united arab emirates and the united kingdom in the europe, middle east and africa ("emea") region; and australia, china, hong kong, indonesia, japan and singapore in the asia-pacific region.
our data centers in 33 markets around the world are a global platform, which allows our customers to increase information and application delivery performance while significantly reducing costs. this global platform and the quality of our ibx data centers have enabled us to establish a critical mass of customers. as more customers choose our ibx data centers, it benefits their suppliers and business partners to colocate with us as well, in order to gain the full economic and performance benefits of our offerings. these partners, in turn, pull in their business partners, creating a "marketplace" for their services. our global platform enables scalable, reliable and cost-effective colocation, interconnection and traffic exchange that lowers overall cost and increases flexibility. our focused business model is built on our critical mass of customers and the resulting "marketplace" effect. this global platform, combined with our strong financial position, continues to drive new customer growth and bookings.
historically, our market has been served by large telecommunications carriers who have bundled telecommunications products and services with their colocation offerings. the data center market landscape has evolved to include cloud computing/utility providers, application hosting providers and systems integrators, managed infrastructure hosting providers and colocation providers. more than 350 companies provide data center solutions in the u.s. alone. each of these data center solutions providers can bundle various colocation, interconnection and network offerings, and outsourced it infrastructure services. we are able to offer our customers a global platform that reaches 21 countries with proven operational reliability, improved application performance and network choice, and a highly scalable set of offerings.
our utilization rate represents the percentage of our cabinet space billing versus net sellable cabinet space available, taking into account power limitations. our utilization rate was approximately 81% and 78% as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. however, excluding the impact of ibx data center expansion projects that have opened during the last 12 months, our utilization rate would be approximately 85% as of december 31, 2015. our utilization rate varies from market to market among our ibx data centers across the americas, emea and asia-pacific regions. we continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. to the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. we perform demand studies on an ongoing basis to determine if future expansion is warranted in a market. in addition, power and cooling requirements for most customers are growing on a per unit basis. as a result, customers
are consuming an increasing amount of power per cabinet. although we generally do not control the amount of power our customers draw from installed circuits, we have negotiated power consumption limitations with certain high power-demand customers. this increased power consumption has driven us to build out our new ibx data centers to support power and cooling needs twice that of previous ibx data centers. we could face power limitations in our ibx data centers, even though we may have additional physical cabinet capacity available within a specific ibx data center. this could have a negative impact on the available utilization capacity of a given ibx data center, which could have a negative impact on our ability to grow revenues, affecting our financial performance, operating results and cash flows.
strategically, we will continue to look at attractive opportunities to grow our market share and selectively improve our footprint and offerings. as was the case with our recent expansions and acquisitions, our expansion criteria will be dependent on a number of factors, such as demand from new and existing customers, quality of the design, power capacity, access to networks, capacity availability in the current market location, amount of incremental investment required by us in the targeted property, lead-time to break even on a free cash flow basis, and in-place customers. like our recent expansions and acquisitions, the right combination of these factors may be attractive to us. depending on the circumstances, these transactions may require additional capital expenditures funded by upfront cash payments or through long-term financing arrangements in order to bring these properties up to equinix standards. property expansion may be in the form of purchases of real property, long-term leasing arrangements or acquisitions. future purchases, construction or acquisitions may be completed by us or with partners or potential customers to minimize the outlay of cash, which can be significant.
our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. we consider these offerings recurring because our customers are generally billed on a fixed and recurring basis each month for the duration of their contract, which is generally one to three years in length. our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. in addition, during any given quarter of the past three years, more than half of our monthly recurring revenue bookings came from existing customers, contributing to our revenue growth. our largest customer accounted for approximately 3% of our recurring revenues for the period ended december 31, 2015 and 2% of our recurring revenues for the periods ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. our 50 largest customers accounted for approximately 34%, 36% and 35% of our recurring revenues for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
our non-recurring revenues are primarily comprised of installation services related to a customer's initial deployment and professional services that we perform. these services are considered to be non-recurring because they are billed typically once, upon completion of the installation or the professional services work performed. the majority of these non-recurring revenues are typically billed on the first invoice distributed to the customer in connection with their initial installation. however, revenues from installation services are deferred and recognized ratably over the expected life of the customer installation. additionally, revenue from contract settlements, when a customer wishes to terminate their contract early, is recognized when no remaining performance obligations exist and collectability is reasonably assured, to the extent that the revenue has not previously been recognized. as a percentage of total revenues, we expect non-recurring revenues to represent less than 10% of total revenues for the foreseeable future.
our americas revenues are derived primarily from colocation and related interconnection offerings, and our emea and asia-pacific revenues are derived primarily from colocation and managed infrastructure offerings.
the largest components of our cost of revenues are depreciation, rental payments related to our leased ibx data centers, utility costs, including electricity and bandwidth, ibx data center employees' salaries and benefits, including stock-based compensation, repairs and maintenance, supplies and equipment and security services. a substantial majority of our cost of revenues is fixed in nature and should not vary significantly from period to period, unless we expand our existing ibx data centers or open or acquire new ibx data centers. however, there are certain costs that are considered more variable in nature, including utilities and supplies that are directly related to growth in our existing and new customer base. we expect the cost of our utilities, specifically electricity, will generally increase in the future on a per-unit or fixed basis, in addition to the variable increase related to the growth in consumption by our customers. in addition, the cost of electricity is generally higher in the summer months, as compared to other times of the year. to the extent we incur increased utility costs, such increased costs could materially impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. furthermore, to the extent we incur increased electricity costs as a result of either climate change policies or the physical effects of climate change, such increased costs could materially impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for sales and marketing personnel, including stock-based compensation, sales commissions, marketing programs, public relations, promotional materials and travel, as well as bad debt expense and amortization of customer contract intangible assets.
due to our recurring revenue model, and a cost structure which has a large base that is fixed in nature and generally does not grow in proportion to revenue growth, we expect our cost of revenues, sales and marketing expenses and general and administrative expenses to decline as a percentage of revenues over time, although we expect each of them to grow in absolute dollars in connection with our growth. however, for cost of revenues, this trend may periodically be impacted when a large expansion project opens or is acquired, and before it starts generating any meaningful revenue. furthermore, in relation to cost of revenues, we note that the americas region has a lower cost of revenues as a percentage of revenue than either emea or asia-pacific. this is due to both the increased scale and maturity of the americas region, compared to either the emea or asia-pacific region, as well as a higher cost structure outside of the americas, particularly in emea. while we expect all three regions to continue to see lower cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues in future periods, we expect the trend that sees the americas having the lowest cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues to continue. as a result, to the extent that revenue growth outside the americas grows in greater proportion than revenue growth in the americas, our overall cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues may increase in future periods. sales and marketing expenses may periodically increase as a percentage of revenues as we continue to scale our operations to invest in sales and marketing initiatives to further increase our revenue, including the hiring of additional headcount and new product innovations. general and administrative expenses may also periodically increase as a percentage of revenues as we continue to scale our operations to support our growth.
real estate investment trust conversion we began operating as a reit for federal income tax purposes effective january 1, 2015. in may 2015, we received a favorable plr from the irs in connection with our conversion to a reit. as of december 31, 2015, our reit structure includes all of our data center operations in the u.s., canada, europe and the historical data center operations in japan. our data center operations in other jurisdictions, as well as the data center operations acquired in the bit-isle acquisition, have initially been designated as trss.
as a reit, we generally are permitted to deduct from federal taxable income the dividends we pay to our stockholders (including, for this purpose, the value of any deemed distribution on account of adjustments to the conversion rate relating to our outstanding debt securities that are convertible into our common stock). the income represented by such dividends is not subject to federal taxation at the entity level but is taxed, if at all, at the stockholder level. nevertheless, the income of our trss which hold our u.s. operations that may not be reit-compliant, are subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income tax. likewise, our foreign subsidiaries continue to be subject to foreign income taxes in jurisdictions in which they hold assets or conduct operations, regardless of whether held or conducted through trss or through qrss. we are also subject to a separate corporate income tax on gain recognized from a sale of a reit asset where our basis in the asset is determined by reference to the basis of the asset in the hands of a present or former c corporation (such as (i) an asset that we held as of the effective date of our reit election, that is, january 1, 2015 or (ii) an asset that we hold in a qrs following the liquidation or other conversion of a former trs). this built-in-gains tax is generally applicable to any disposition of such an asset during the five-year period after the date we first owned the asset as a reit asset (e.g., january 1, 2015 in the case of reit assets we held at the time of our reit conversion), to the extent of the built-in-gain based on the fair market value of such asset on the date we first held the asset as a reit asset. if we fail to qualify for taxation as a reit, we will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates. even if we remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we may be subject to some federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and property in addition to taxes owed with respect to our trss' operations. in particular, while state income tax regimes often parallel the federal income tax regime for reits, many states do not completely follow federal rules and some may not follow them at all.
we incurred a total of approximately $364.0 million in tax liabilities associated with a change in our methods of depreciating and amortizing various data center assets for tax purposes from our prior methods to methods that are more consistent with the characterization of such assets as real property for reit purposes. these liabilities were generally payable over a four-year period starting in 2012.
on september 28, 2015, we announced the declaration by our board of directors of a special distribution (the "2015 special distribution") of $627.0 million on our shares of common stock, payable in either common stock or cash to, and at the election of, our stockholders of record as of october 8, 2015 (the "record date"). the 2015 special distribution included: (1) foreign earnings and profits repatriated as dividend income recognized in 2015; (2) taxable income in 2015 from depreciation recapture in respect of accounting method changes commenced in our pre-reit period; and (3) certain other items of taxable income. the 2015 special distribution was paid on november 10, 2015 to our common stockholders of record as of the close of business on october 8, 2015 in the form of an aggregate of approximately $125.5 million in cash and 1.69 million shares of our common stock.
the 2015 special distribution followed an initial special distribution of $416.0 million paid in cash and common stock to stockholders in november 2014.
in connection with our conversion to a reit effective january 1, 2015, we also paid quarterly cash dividends of $1.69 per share on each of march 25, 2015, june 17, 2015, september 16, 2015, and december 16, 2015. the amount of the 2015 special distribution, plus the amount of all of our other distributions during 2015 and the value of the deemed distributions on account of the adjustments to the conversion rate relating to our outstanding 4.75% convertible subordinated notes that were made as a result of all our 2015 distributions, equaled or exceeded the taxable income that we recognized in 2015.
we have initially designated all the legal entities acquired in the bit-isle acquisition as taxable reit subsidiaries ("trss"), which we believe will not impact our qualification for taxation as a reit. we plan to integrate the data center business of bit-isle into our reit structure by the end of 2016.
we will initially designate all the legal entities acquired in the telecitygroup acquisition as taxable reit subsidiaries ("trss"), which we believe will not impact our qualification for taxation as a reit. we plan to integrate a significant portion of the telecitygroup businesses into our reit structure by the end of 2016 and to complete almost all remaining reit integration efforts in the first half of 2017.
we continue to monitor our reit compliance to maintain our qualification for taxation as a reit. for this, and other reasons, as necessary, we may convert certain of our data center operations in additional countries into the reit in future periods.
results of operations our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2015 include the results of operations of the nimbo and bit-isle acquisitions from january 15, 2015 and november 2, 2015 respectively. our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2013 include the operations of frankfurt kleyer 90 carrier hotel acquisition from october 1, 2013.
revenues.    our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were generated from the following revenue classifications and geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                          % change
americas revenues. during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, our revenues from the united states, the largest revenue contributor in the americas region for the periods, represented approximately 93% and 91%, respectively, of the regional revenues. growth in americas revenues was primarily due to (i) $44.5 million of revenue generated from our recently-opened ibx data centers and ibx data center expansions in the dallas, new york, rio de janeiro, silicon valley, toronto and washington dc metro areas and (ii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our utilization rate, as discussed above, in both our new and existing ibx data centers.. during the year ended december 31, 2015, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $37.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact on our americas revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian real and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. we expect that our americas revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of continued growth in the recently-opened ibx data centers and additional ibx data center expansions currently taking place in the atlanta, sao paulo and washington, d.c. metro areas, which are expected to open during 2016 and 2017. our estimates of future revenue growth also take into account expected changes in recurring revenues attributed to customer bookings, customer churn or changes or amendments to customers' contracts.
emea revenues.  during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, our revenues from the united kingdom, the largest revenue contributor in the emea region for the periods, represented approximately 37% and 36%, respectively, of the regional revenues. our emea revenue growth was due to (i) $23.6 million of revenue generated from our recently-opened ibx data centers and ibx data center expansions in the amsterdam, frankfurt, london, and paris metro areas and (ii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our utilization rate, as discussed above, in both our new and existing ibx data centers. during the year ended december 31, 2015, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $94.1 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our emea revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the british pound and euro during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. we expect that our emea revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of continued growth in recently-opened ibx data centers and additional ibx data center expansions currently taking place in the amsterdam, frankfurt and london metro areas, which are expected to open during 2016 and 2017, and as a result of our acquisition of telecitygroup, which closed in january 2016. our estimates of future revenue growth also take into account expected changes in recurring revenues attributed to customer bookings, customer churn or changes or amendments to customers' contracts.
asia-pacific revenues.  our revenues from singapore, the largest revenue contributor in the asia-pacific region, represented approximately 37% and 38% of the regional revenues for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. our asia-pacific revenue growth was due to (i) $58.8 million of revenue generated from our recently-opened ibx data centers and ibx data center expansions in the hong kong, melbourne, shanghai, singapore and tokyo metro areas and (ii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our utilization rate, as discussed above, in both our new and existing ibx data centers. in addition, our asia-pacific revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 included $21.6 million of revenue attributable to our acquisition of bit-isle, which closed on november 2, 2015. during the year ended december 31, 2015, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $46.4 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. we expect that our asia-pacific revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of continued growth in these recently-opened ibx data center expansions and additional expansions currently taking place in the hong kong, sydney, and tokyo metro areas, which are expected to open during 2016 and 2017, and as a result of our acquisition of bit-isle. our estimates of future revenue growth also take into account expected changes in recurring revenues attributed to customer bookings, customer churn or changes or amendments to customers' contracts.
cost of revenues.  our cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                          % change
americas cost of revenues. our americas cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 included $219.1 million and $218.4 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. the increase in our americas cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) $17.4 million of higher office expense, utilities, and repair and maintenance costs in support of our business growth, (ii) $7.3 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (1,032 employees included in americas cost of revenues as of december 31, 2015 versus 941 as of december 31, 2014), (iii) $3.9 million of higher costs associated with equipment resales to support the growth of non-recurring revenues and (iv) $3.5 million of higher property and real property tax expenses primarily due to our newly-opened ibx data centers during the year ended december 31, 2015, partially offset by $2.6 million of lower rent and facility costs primarily as a result of certain leases being accounted for as capital leases rather than as operating leases. during the year ended december 31, 2015, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $29.6 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our americas cost of revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian real and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. we expect americas cost of revenues to increase as we continue to grow our business.
emea cost of revenues. emea cost of revenues included $97.8 million of depreciation expense for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. the increase in our emea cost of revenues was primarily due to $3.4 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (541 employees included in emea cost of revenues as of december 31, 2015 versus 473 as of december 31, 2014), and $13.2 million of higher costs associated with equipment resales, bandwidth and other customer services in support of our non-recurring revenues growth as well as an increase in net losses related to cash flow derivatives. these increases were partially offset by $5.0 million of lower rent, facilities and utilities expenses and $2.7 million of lower consulting costs. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $50.8 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our emea cost of revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the british pound and euro during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. we expect emea cost of revenues to increase as we continue to grow our business and as a result of our acquisition of telecitygroup, which closed in january 2016.
asia-pacific cost of revenues. asia-pacific cost of revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 included $17.4 million of cost of revenues attributable to our acquisition of bit-isle, which closed in november 2015. excluding cost of revenues attributable to bit-isle, asia-pacific cost of revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $286.2 million compared to $255.6 for the year ended december 31, 2014. depreciation expense, excluding bit-isle, was $116.9 million and $101.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to our ibx data center expansion activity. in addition to the increase in depreciation expense, the increase in asia-pacific cost of revenues, excluding cost of revenues attributable to bit-isle, was primarily due to $9.9 million in higher consulting costs, utility costs, repairs and maintenance costs and rent and facility costs in support of our revenue growth as well as $2.8 million of higher compensation
costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (390 employees included in asia-pacific cost of revenues, excluding bit-isle employees, as of december 31, 2015 versus 342 as of december 31, 2014). during the year ended december 31, 2015, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $24.7 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific cost of revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. we expect asia-pacific cost of revenues to increase as we continue to grow our business and as a result of our acquisition of bit-isle.
sales and marketing expenses. our sales and marketing expenses for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                          % change
sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues:
americas sales and marketing expenses. the increase in our americas sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to (i) $26.5 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses, commission and stock-based compensation as a result of business and headcount growth (497 americas sales and marketing employees as of december 31, 2015 versus 450 as of december 31, 2014) and (ii) $8.6 million of higher travel, consulting and advertising and promotion costs in support of our business growth. during the year ended december 31, 2015, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $4.7 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our americas sales and marketing expenses primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian real and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. over the past several years, we have been investing in our americas sales and marketing initiatives to further increase our revenue. these investments have included the hiring of additional headcount and new product innovation efforts. although we anticipate that we will continue to invest in americas sales and marketing initiatives, we believe our americas sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues will remain at approximately current levels over the next year or two but should ultimately decrease as we continue to grow our business.
emea sales and marketing expenses. the decrease in our emea sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to $4.5 million of lower professional fees primarily due to the termination of certain contracts during 2014. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $8.3 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our emea sales and marketing expenses primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the british pound and euro compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. over the past several years, we have been investing in our emea sales and marketing initiatives to further increase our revenue. these investments have included the hiring of additional headcount and new product innovation efforts and, as a result, our emea sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues have increased. we expect our emea sales and marketing expenses to further increase as a result of the telecitygroup acquisition. although we anticipate that we will continue to invest in emea sales and marketing initiatives, including the integration of telecitygroup, we believe our emea sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues will ultimately decrease as we continue to grow our business beyond 2016.
asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses. asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 included $2.2 million of sales and marketing expenses attributable to our acquisition of bit-isle, which closed in november 2015. excluding bit-isle, asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses were $49.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $43.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in our asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses, excluding bit-isle, was primarily due to $3.6 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses, commission and stock-based compensation as a result of business and headcount growth (183 asia-pacific sales and marketing employees, excluding bit-isle employees, versus 155 as of december 31, 2014). during the year ended december 31, 2015, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $3.6 million of net favorable impact on our asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses primarily due to a generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. over the past several years, we have been investing in our asia-pacific sales and marketing initiatives to further increase our revenue. these investments have included the hiring of additional headcount and new product innovation efforts and, as a result, our asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses have increased. we expect our apac sales and marketing expenses to further increase as a result of the bit-isle acquisition. although we anticipate that we will continue to invest in asia-pacific sales and marketing initiatives, including the integration of bit-isle, we believe our asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues will ultimately decrease as we continue to grow our business.
general and administrative expenses. our general and administrative expenses for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                          % change
americas general and administrative expenses. the increase in our americas general and administrative expenses was primarily due to (i) $15.0 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses and stock-based compensation as a result of headcount growth (800 americas general and administrative employees as of december 31, 2015 versus 731 as of december 31, 2014), (ii) $17.0 million of higher depreciation expenses primarily associated with the implementation of the oracle r12 erp system and certain systems to support the reit conversion and (iii) $10.9 million of higher office expenses, travel, entertainment, and rent and facility costs, in support of our business growth, partially offset by an $11.3 million reduction in professional fees related to our reit conversion as compared to those incurred during the year ended december 31, 2014. during the year ended december 31, 2015, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $3.2 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our americas general and administrative expenses primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian real and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. over the course of the past year, we have been investing in our americas general and administrative functions to scale this region effectively for growth, which has included additional investments into improving our back office systems. we expect our current efforts to improve our back office systems will continue over the next several years. going forward, although we are carefully monitoring our spending, we expect americas general and administrative expenses to increase as we continue to further scale our operations to support our growth, including these investments in our back office systems and maintaining our reit qualification.
emea general and administrative expenses. the increase in our emea general and administrative expenses was primarily due to (i) approximately $4.2 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses and stock-based
compensation as a result of headcount growth (420 emea general and administrative employees as of december 31, 2015 versus 353 as of december 31, 2014), (ii) $4.3 million of higher depreciation expenses due to implementation of the oracle r12 erp system and certain systems to support the reit conversion and (iii) $2.8 million of higher consulting costs primarily due to integration efforts in connection with our acquisition of telecitygroup as well as an increase in net losses related to cash flow hedging derivatives. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $7.8 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our emea general and administrative expenses primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the british pound and euro during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. going forward, although we are carefully monitoring our spending, we expect our emea general and administrative expenses to increase in future periods as a result of our acquisition of telecitygroup and as we continue to scale our operations to support our growth; however, as a percentage of revenues, we generally expect them to decrease.
asia-pacific general and administrative expenses. asia-pacific general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 included $5.8 million of general and administrative expenses attributable to our acquisition of bit-isle, which closed on november 2, 2015. excluding general and administrative expenses attributable to bit-isle, asia-pacific general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $47.3 million compared to $42.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. excluding general and administrative expenses attributable to bit-isle, the increase in our asia-pacific general and administrative expenses was primarily due to a $2.2 million increase in consulting costs, legal fees and other costs for tax-related matters as well as higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses and stock-based compensation as a result of headcount growth (266 asia-pacific general and administrative employees, excluding bit-isle employees, as of december 31, 2015 versus 224 as of december 31, 2014). during the year ended december 31, 2015, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $3.4 million of net favorable impact on our asia-pacific general and administrative expenses primarily due to a generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. going forward, although we are carefully monitoring our spending, we expect asia-pacific general and administrative expenses to increase as a result of our acquisition of bit-isle and as we continue to scale our operations to support our growth; however, as a percentage of revenues, we generally expect them to decrease.
acquisition costs.  during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded acquisition costs totaling $41.7 million primarily attributed to the emea region, and to a lesser degree, to the asia-pacific region. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded acquisition costs totaling $2.5 million primarily attributed to the emea region.
income from operations. our income from operations for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                          % change
americas income from operations. the increase in our americas income from operations was due to higher revenues as result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above, partially offset by higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation and other headcount related expenses to support our growth.
emea income from operations. the increase in our emea income from operations was primarily due to higher revenues as a result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above. during the year ended december 31, 2015, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $25.6 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our emea income from operations primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the british pounds and euro during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
asia-pacific income from operations. the increase in our asia-pacific income from operations was primarily due to higher revenues as a result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above, partially offset by higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation and other headcount related expenses and higher professional fees to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2015, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $17.5 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific income from operations primarily
interest income. interest income was $3.6 million and $2.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the average yield for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 0.38% versus 0.33% for the year ended december 31, 2014. we expect our interest income to remain at these low levels for the foreseeable future due to the impact of a continued low interest rate environment and a portfolio more weighted towards short-term securities and u.s. government securities in order to satisfy reit compliance requirements.
interest expense.  interest expense increased to $299.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 from $270.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. this increase in interest expense was primarily due to the full impact recognized for the year ended december 31, 2015 of our $1.25 billion of senior notes issued in november 2014, the $0.5 billion term loan a we borrowed in december 2014 under our senior credit facility and $18 million of higher interest expense from various capital lease and other financing obligations to support our expansion projects, which was partially offset by the redemption of our 7.00% senior notes in december 2014, the settlement of the 3.00% convertible notes and the partial redemption of the 4.75% convertible notes in june 2014. during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, we capitalized $10.9 million and $19.0 million, respectively, of interest expense to construction in progress. going forward, we expect to incur higher interest expense as we recognize the full impact of our $1.1 billion of senior notes issued in december 2015 and the full impact of financing our acquisition of bit-isle as well as the impact of approximately $0.7 billion of borrowings under our term loan b commitments under our senior credit facility that we completed in january 2016. we may also incur additional indebtedness to support our growth, resulting in higher interest expense.
other income (expense). we recorded net expense of $60.6 million and net income of $0.1 million for the years december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, primarily due to foreign currency exchange gains and losses during the periods. the expense recorded in 2015 is primarily attributed to foreign currency losses to fund the telecitygroup acquisition purchase price.
loss on debt extinguishment. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded a $0.3 million loss on debt extinguishment which was attributable to partial conversions of our 4.75% convertible subordinated notes in december 2015. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded a $157.0 million loss on debt extinguishment, of which $51.2 million was attributable to the exchanges of the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes and 4.75% convertible subordinated notes, $103.3 million was attributable to the redemption of our $750.0 million 7.00% senior notes and $2.5 million was attributable to the prepayment and termination of our $750.0 million multicurrency credit facility. for additional information, see "loss on debt extinguishment" in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
income taxes. effective january 1, 2015, we have operated as a reit for federal income tax purposes. as a reit, we are generally not subject to u.s. income taxes on taxable income distributed to our stockholders. we distributed the entire taxable income generated by the operations of our reit and its qrss for the tax year ending december 31, 2015. as such, no provision for u.s. federal income taxes for the reit and its qrss has been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015.
we have made trs elections for some of our subsidiaries in and outside the u.s. in general, a trs may provide services that would otherwise be considered impermissible for reits to provide and may hold assets that reits cannot hold directly. u.s. income taxes for the trs entities located in the u.s. and foreign income taxes for our foreign operations regardless of whether the foreign operations are operated as a qrs or trs were accrued, as necessary, for the year ended december 31, 2015.
for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, we recorded $23.2 million and $345.5 million of income tax expenses, respectively. we recognized a significantly lower income tax provision in 2015 as compared to the income tax provision in 2014 primarily due to the de-recognition, in 2014, of the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our u.s. operations upon conversion to a reit. as a reit, we are entitled to a deduction for dividends paid, resulting in a substantial reduction of u.s. income tax expense. substantially all of our income tax expense for 2015 is for foreign income taxes incurred by our foreign subsidiaries and u.s. income tax incurred by our u.s. trss.
the $345.5 million of income tax expense recorded during the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily attributable to the statutory tax rate change due to our reit conversion, which resulted in a $324.1 million domestic deferred tax assets write-off. in connection with the formal approval of our conversion to a reit by our board of directors in december 2014, we reassessed, in the fourth quarter of 2014, the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our u.s. operations to be included in the reit structure. the reevaluation resulted in de-recognizing the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our reit's u.s. operations, excluding the deferred tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture expected in 2015. the de-recognition of the deferred tax
assets and liabilities of our reit's u.s. operations occurred because the expected recovery or settlement of the related assets and liabilities will not result in deductible or taxable amounts in any post-reit conversion periods. the deferred tax assets and liabilities associated with our foreign operations, regardless of whether such foreign operations were part of the reit conversion, are not subject to the de-recognition assessment. we generally do not expect our occasional sale of assets to result in a material tax liability.
our effective tax rates were 11.0% and 407.7%, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily due to tax expense attributable to the $324.1 million domestic deferred tax assets write-off as a result of our reit conversion. excluding this tax expense, our effective tax rate would have been 25.2% for the year ended december 31, 2014. due to our reit conversion, we are entitled to a deduction for dividends paid, which results in a substantial reduction of u.s income tax expense. as a reit, substantially all of our income tax expense is the foreign income tax incurred by our foreign subsidiaries and the u.s. income tax expense incurred by our u.s. trss. assuming no material changes to tax rules and regulations, as a reit we expect our effective long-term world-wide cash tax rate to remain in the range of 10% to 15%.
we recorded excess income tax benefits of $30,000 and $18.6 million during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets.
adjusted ebitda. adjusted ebitda is a key factor in how we assess the performance of our segments, measure the operational cash generating abilities of our segments and develop regional growth strategies such as ibx data center expansion decisions. we define adjusted ebitda as income or loss from operations plus depreciation expense, amortization expense, accretion expense, stock-based compensation expense, restructuring charges, impairment charges and acquisition costs. see "non-gaap financial measures" below for more information about adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income or loss from operations. periodically, we enter into new lease agreements or amend existing lease agreements. to the extent we conclude that a lease is an operating lease, the rent expense may decrease our adjusted ebitda whereas to the extent we conclude that a lease is a capital or financing lease, and this lease was previously reported as an operating lease, this outcome may increase our adjusted ebitda. our adjusted ebitda for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 was split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                                  % change
americas adjusted ebitda. the increase in our americas adjusted ebitda was due to higher revenues as result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above, partially offset by higher adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation and other headcount related expenses to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2015, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $12.2 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our americas adjusted ebitda primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian real and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
emea adjusted ebitda. the increase in our emea adjusted ebitda was primarily due to higher revenues as a result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above. during the year ended december 31, 2015, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $45.4 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our emea adjusted ebitda primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the british pounds and euro during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
asia-pacific adjusted ebitda. the increase in our asia-pacific adjusted ebitda was primarily due to higher revenues as a result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above, partially offset by higher adjusted operating expenses as percentages of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation and other headcount related expenses and higher professional fees to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2015, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $26.1 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific adjusted ebitda primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
revenues.    our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were generated from the following revenue classifications and geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                          % change
americas revenues. during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, our revenues from the united states, the largest revenue contributor in the americas region for the periods, represented approximately 91% of the regional revenues. growth in americas revenues was primarily due to (i) $38.3 million of revenue generated from our recently-opened ibx data centers and ibx data center expansions in the atlanta, chicago, dallas, miami, new york and sao paolo metro areas and (ii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our utilization rate, as discussed above. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $22.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact on our americas revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian real and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. we expect that our americas revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of continued growth in the recently-opened ibx data centers and additional ibx data center expansions currently taking place in the dallas, new york, philadelphia, rio de janeiro, seattle, silicon valley, toronto and washington, d.c. metro areas, which opened during 2015.
emea revenues.  during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, our revenues from the united kingdom, the largest revenue contributor in the emea region for the periods, represented approximately 36% of the regional revenues. our emea revenue growth was due to (i) $20.0 million of revenue generated from our recently-opened ibx data centers and ibx data center expansions in the amsterdam and frankfurt metro areas and (ii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our utilization rate, as discussed above, in both our new and existing ibx data centers. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $11.1 million of favorable foreign currency impact on our emea revenues primarily due to the generally weaker u.s. dollar relative to the british pound, euro and swiss franc during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. we expect that our emea revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of continued growth in recently-opened ibx data centers and an additional ibx data center expansion currently taking place in the amsterdam, frankfurt, london and paris metro areas, which opened during 2015.
asia-pacific revenues.  our revenues from singapore, the largest revenue contributor in the asia-pacific region, represented approximately 38% and 36%, respectively, of the regional revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. our asia-pacific revenue growth was due to (i) $53.4 million of revenue generated from our recently-opened ibx data centers and ibx data center expansions in the hong kong, melbourne, osaka, singapore, sydney and tokyo metro areas and (ii) an increase in
orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our utilization rate, as discussed above, in both our new and existing ibx data centers. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $13.7 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. we expect that our asia-pacific revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of continued growth in these recently-opened ibx data center expansions and additional expansions currently taking place in the hong kong, singapore and tokyo metro areas, which opened during 2015 or are expected to open during 2016.
cost of revenues.  our cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                          % change
americas cost of revenues.  our americas cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 included $218.4 million and $216.6 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. excluding depreciation expense, the increase in our americas cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) $17.7 million of higher utilities and repair and maintenance expense in support of our business growth, (ii) $8.7 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (941 employees included in americas cost of revenues as of december 31, 2014 versus 894 as of december 31, 2013), (iii) $8.1 million of higher costs associated with equipment resales to support the growth of non-recurring revenues and (iv) $3.9 million of higher accretion expenses as a result of the reversal of asset retirement obligations during the year ended december 31, 2013 associated with the execution of certain lease amendments, partially offset by $12.9 million of lower rent and facility costs primarily as a result of either certain leases no longer being subject to operating lease treatment or the purchase of previously-leased sites. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $16.3 million of favorable foreign currency impact on our americas cost of revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian real and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
emea cost of revenues. emea cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 included $97.8 million and $77.9 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to our ibx data center expansion activity. excluding depreciation expense, the increase in our emea cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) $29.9 million of higher utility costs, repair and maintenance, professional fees and rent and facility costs in support of our revenue growth, (ii) $7.4 million of higher compensation, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (473 employees included in emea cost of revenues as of december 31, 2014 versus 396 as of december 31, 2013) and (iii) $5.8 million of higher costs associated with equipment resales, bandwidth and other customer services in support of our non-recurring revenues growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $4.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact on our emea cost of revenues primarily due to the generally
weaker u.s. dollar relative to the british pound, euro and swiss franc during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
asia-pacific cost of revenues.  asia-pacific cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 included $101.4 million and $82.6 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to our ibx data center expansion activity. excluding depreciation expense, the increase in asia-pacific cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) $13.7 million in higher utility costs, repairs and maintenance costs, as well as rent and facility costs in support of our revenue growth; (ii) $2.7 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (342 employees included in asia-pacific cost of revenues as of december 31, 2014 versus 289 as of december 31, 2013) and (iii) $3.3 million of higher costs associated with equipment resales in support of our non-recurring revenues growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $8.4 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific cost of revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
sales and marketing expenses. our sales and marketing expenses for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                          % change
sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues:
americas sales and marketing expenses. the increase in our americas sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to (i) $21.6 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses, commission, stock-based compensation as a result of headcount growth (450 americas sales and marketing employees as of december 31, 2014 versus 395 as of december 31, 2013) and (ii) $5.3 million of higher travel, advertising and promotion costs in support of our business growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $2.5 million of favorable foreign currency impact on our americas sales and marketing expenses primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian real and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
emea sales and marketing expenses. the increase in our emea sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to $8.2 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses and stock-based compensation expense as a result of business growth, which incorporates a change in our sales commission practices whereby our sales commission accrual will occur when sales orders are booked versus when the sales orders are billed. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our emea sales and marketing expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended december 31, 2013.
asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses. the increase in our asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to $9.5 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses, commission, stock-based compensation as a result of business and headcount growth (155 asia-pacific sales and marketing employees as of december 31,
2014 versus 120 as of december 31, 2013), which incorporates a change in our sales commission practices whereby our sales commission accrual will occur when sales orders are booked versus when the sales orders are billed. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations to our asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended december 31, 2013.
general and administrative expenses. our general and administrative expenses for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                          % change
americas general and administrative expenses.  the increase in our americas general and administrative expenses was primarily due to (i) $24.9 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation, as a result of headcount growth (731 americas general and administrative employees as of december 31, 2014 versus 695 as of december 31, 2013) and the exercise of the alog stock options, (ii) $15.2 million of higher professional fees, recruiting, training and travel expenses to support the reit conversion, (iii) $5.4 million of higher depreciation expenses primarily due to implementation of our oracle r12 erp system and certain systems to support the reit conversion and (iv) $4.0 million higher of office expenses in support of our business growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $2.4 million of favorable foreign currency impact on our americas general and administrative expenses primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian real and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
emea general and administrative expenses. the increase in our emea general and administrative expenses was primarily due to (i) approximately $3.7 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses and headcount growth (353 emea general and administrative employees as of december 31, 2014 versus 301 as of december 31, 2013) and (ii) $2.5 million of higher depreciation expenses due to implementation of the oracle r12 erp system and certain systems to support the reit conversion. during the year ended december 31, 2014, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $2.0 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact on our emea general and administrative expenses primarily due to the generally weaker u.s. dollar relative to the british pound, euro and swiss franc during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
asia-pacific general and administrative expenses. the increase in our asia-pacific general and administrative expenses was primarily due to $4.2 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses and headcount growth (224 asia-pacific general and administrative employees as of december 31, 2014 versus 208 as of december 31, 2013). for the year ended december 31, 2014, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our asia-pacific general and administrative expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended december 31, 2013.
restructuring charges.  during the year ended december 31, 2014, we did not record any restructuring charges. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded a $4.8 million reversal of the restructuring charge accrual for our excess space in the
new york 2 ibx data center as a result of our decision to purchase this property and utilize the space. see "restructuring charges" in note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
acquisition costs.  during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded acquisition costs totaling $2.5 million primarily attributed to the emea region. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded acquisition costs totaling $10.9 million primarily attributed to our americas and emea regions.
income from operations. our income from operations for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                          % change
americas income from operations. the increase in our americas income from operations was due to higher revenues as result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above, partially offset by higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation expense and higher professional fees to support our growth.
emea income from operations. the increase in our emea income from operations was primarily due to higher revenues as a result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above, partially offset by higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation expense and higher professional fees to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $3.3 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our emea income from operations primarily due to the generally weaker u.s. dollar relative to the euro and swiss franc during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
asia-pacific income from operations. the increase in our asia-pacific income from operations was primarily due to higher revenues as a result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above, partially offset by higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation expense and higher professional fees to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $3.2 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific income from operations primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
interest income. interest income was $2.9 million and $3.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the average yield for the year ended december 31, 2014 was 0.33% versus 0.32% for the year ended december 31, 2013.
interest expense.  interest expense increased to $270.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $248.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase in interest expense was primarily due to the impact of our $1.25 billion senior notes offering in november 2014 and $29.8 million of higher interest expense from various capital lease and other financing obligations to support our expansion projects, which was offset by the redemption of our 7.00% senior notes in december 2014, the settlement of the 3.00% convertible notes, the partial redemption of the 4.75% convertible notes in june 2014 and more capitalized interest expense. during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, we capitalized $19.0 million and $10.6 million, respectively, of interest expense to construction in progress.
other income (expense). we recorded $0.1 million and $5.3 million, respectively, of other income for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, primarily due to foreign currency exchange gains (losses) during the periods.
loss on debt extinguishment. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded a $157.0 million loss on debt extinguishment, of which $51.2 million was attributable to the exchanges of the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes and 4.75% convertible subordinated notes, $103.3 million was attributable to the redemption of our $750.0 million 7.00% senior notes and $2.5 million was attributable to the prepayment and termination of our $750.0 million multicurrency credit facility. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded a $108.5 million loss on debt extinguishment, of which $93.6 million was attributable
to the redemption of our $750 million 8.125% senior notes, $13.2 million was attributable to the extinguishment of the financing liabilities for our london 4 and 5 ibx data centers and $1.7 million was attributable to an amendment of our new york 5 and 6 ibx lease. for additional information, see "loss on debt extinguishment" in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
income taxes. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded $345.5 million of income tax expense. the income tax expense recorded during the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily attributable to the statutory tax rate change due to our anticipated reit conversion, which resulted in a $324.1 million domestic deferred tax assets write-off. in connection with the formal approval of our conversion to a reit by our board of directors in december 2014, we reassessed, in the fourth quarter of 2014, the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our u.s. operations to be included in the reit structure. the reevaluation resulted in de-recognizing the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our reit's u.s. operations, excluding the deferred tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture expected in 2015. the de-recognition of the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our reit's u.s. operations occurred because the expected recovery or settlement of the related assets and liabilities will not result in deductible or taxable amounts in any post-reit conversion periods. the deferred tax assets and liabilities associated with our foreign operations, regardless of whether such foreign operations are part of the reit conversion, are not subject to the de-recognition assessment. in addition, we generally do not expect our occasional sale of assets to result in a material tax liability. as of december 31, 2014, we had a net deferred tax liability of approximately $52.2 million for our domestic operations, which included approximately $82.5 million of deferred tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded $16.2 million of income tax expense. the income tax expense recorded during the year ended december 31, 2013 was primarily attributable to our foreign operations, as we incurred losses in our domestic operations during the period. our effective tax rates were 407.7% and 14.4%, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. the increase in our effective tax rate was primarily due to tax expense attributable to the domestic deferred tax assets write-off as a result of our reit conversion. excluding this tax expense, our effective tax rate would have been 25.2% for the year ended december 31, 2014.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, we utilized all of our federal net operating losses free of section 382 limitations in the u.s. for which a deferred tax asset had been previously recognized and all of our windfall tax losses in the u.s. for which a deferred tax asset had not been previously recognized. we recorded excess income tax benefits of $18.6 million and $25.6 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheet.
to better align our emea corporate structure and intercompany relationship with the nature of our business activities and regional centralization, we commenced certain reorganization activities during the fourth quarter of 2012 in the emea region. the new organizational structure centralized the majority of our emea business management activities in the netherlands effective july 1, 2013. in december 2013, our dutch subsidiaries that were created to carry-out emea's centralized management activities received favorable rulings from the dutch tax authorities effective july 1, 2013. the rulings acknowledge the reorganization and agree to a lower level of earnings by our dutch subsidiaries subject to tax in the netherlands. the rulings also require both the dutch tax authorities and our dutch subsidiaries to revisit and renew the agreement in five years from the effective date. as a result, we expect our overall effective tax rate will be lower in subsequent periods as the new structure takes full effect.
adjusted ebitda. adjusted ebitda is a key factor in how we assess the performance of our segments, measure the operational cash generating abilities of our segments and develop regional growth strategies such as ibx data center expansion decisions. we define adjusted ebitda as income or loss from operations plus depreciation expense, amortization expense, accretion expense, stock-based compensation, restructuring charges, impairment charges and acquisition costs. see "non-gaap financial measures" below for more information about adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income or loss from operations. periodically, we enter into new lease agreements or amend existing lease agreements. to the extent we conclude that a lease is an operating lease, the rent expense may decrease our adjusted ebitda whereas to the extent we conclude that a lease is a capital or financing lease, and this lease was previously reported as an operating lease, this outcome may increase our adjusted ebitda. our adjusted ebitda for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 was split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                          % change
americas adjusted ebitda. the increase in our americas adjusted ebitda was due to higher revenues as result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above, partially offset by higher adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation expense and higher professional fees to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $8.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact on our americas adjusted ebitda primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian real and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
emea adjusted ebitda. the increase in our emea adjusted ebitda was primarily due to higher revenues as a result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above, partially offset by higher adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation expense and higher professional fees to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $4.9 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our emea adjusted ebitda primarily due to the generally weaker u.s. dollar relative to the euro and swiss franc during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
asia-pacific adjusted ebitda. the increase in our asia-pacific adjusted ebitda was primarily due to higher revenues as a result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above, partially offset by higher adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation expense and higher professional fees to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $7.0 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific adjusted ebitda primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
non-gaap financial measures we provide all information required in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), but we believe that evaluating our ongoing operating results may be difficult if limited to reviewing only gaap financial measures. accordingly, we use non-gaap financial measures to evaluate our operations.
non-gaap financial measures are not a substitute for financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. non-gaap financial measures should not be considered in isolation, but should be considered together with the most directly comparable gaap financial measures and the reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures. we have presented such non-gaap financial measures to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate our operating results in a manner that focuses on what management believes to be our core, ongoing business operations. we believe that the inclusion of these non-gaap financial measures provides consistency and comparability with past reports and provides a better understanding of the overall performance of the business and ability to perform in subsequent periods. we believe that if we did not provide such non-gaap financial information, investors would not have all the necessary data to analyze equinix effectively.
investors should note that the non-gaap financial measures used by us may not be the same non-gaap financial measures, and may not be calculated in the same manner, as those of other companies. investors should therefore exercise caution when comparing non-gaap financial measures used by us to similarly titled non-gaap financial measures of other companies.
our primary non-gaap financial measures, adjusted funds from operations ("affo") and adjusted ebitda, exclude depreciation expense as these charges primarily relate to the initial construction costs of our ibx data centers and do not reflect our current or future cash spending levels to support our business. our ibx data centers are long-lived assets and have an economic life greater than 10 years. the construction costs of an ibx data center do not recur with respect to such data center, although we may incur initial construction costs in future periods with respect to additional ibx data centers, and future capital expenditures remain minor relative to our initial investment. this is a trend we expect to continue. in addition, depreciation is also based on the
estimated useful lives of our ibx data centers. these estimates could vary from actual performance of the asset, are based on historical costs incurred to build out our ibx data centers and are not indicative of current or expected future capital expenditures. therefore, we exclude depreciation from our operating results when evaluating our operations.
in addition, in presenting affo and adjusted ebitda, we exclude amortization expense related to certain intangible assets, as it represents the amortization of a cost that may not recur and is not meaningful in the evaluation of our current or future operating performance. we exclude accretion expense, both as it relates to asset retirement obligations as well as accrued restructuring charge liabilities, as these expenses represent costs which we believe are not meaningful in evaluating our current operations. we exclude stock-based compensation expense as it represents expense attributed to equity awards that have no current or future cash obligations. as such, we, and many investors and analysts, exclude this stock-based compensation expense when assessing the cash generating performance of our operations. we also exclude restructuring charges. the restructuring charges relate to our decisions to exit leases for excess space adjacent to several of our ibx data centers, which we did not intend to build out, or our decision to reverse such restructuring charges. we also exclude impairment charges related to certain long-lived assets. the impairment charges are related to expense recognized whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived assets are not recoverable. finally, we exclude acquisition costs from affo and adjusted ebitda. the acquisition costs relate to costs we incur in connection with business combinations. management believes items such as restructuring charges, impairment charges and acquisition costs are non-core transactions; however, these types of costs may occur in future periods.
adjusted ebitda we define adjusted ebitda as income or loss from operations plus depreciation, amortization, accretion, stock-based compensation expense, restructuring charges, impairment charges and acquisition costs as presented below (in thousands):
restructuring charges                                           -                         -                    (4,837    )
acquisition costs                                          41,723                     2,506                    10,855
adjusted ebitda                                        $1,271,627                $1,113,891                $1,000,898
our adjusted ebitda results have improved each year and in each region in total dollars due to the improved operating results discussed earlier in "results of operations", as well as the nature of our business model consisting of a recurring revenue stream and a cost structure which has a large base that is fixed in nature also discussed earlier in "overview".
funds from operations ("ffo") and affo we use ffo and affo, which are non-gaap financial measures commonly used in the reit industry. ffo is calculated in accordance with the standards established by the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit"). ffo represents net income (loss), excluding gains (losses) from the disposition of real estate assets, depreciation and amortization on real estate assets and adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures' and non-controlling interests' share of these items.
we use affo to evaluate our performance on a consolidated basis and as a metric in the determination of employees' annual bonuses beginning in 2015 and vesting of restricted stock units that were granted in 2015 that have both service and performance conditions. in presenting affo, we exclude certain items that we believe are not good indicators of our current or future operating performance. affo represents ffo excluding depreciation and amortization expense on non-real estate assets, accretion, stock-based compensation, restructuring charges, impairment charges, acquisition costs, an installation revenue adjustment, a straight-line rent expense adjustment, amortization of deferred financing costs, gains (losses) on debt extinguishment, an income tax expense adjustment, recurring capital expenditures and adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures' and non-controlling interests' share of these items. we include an adjustment for revenue from installation fees, since installation fees are deferred and recognized ratably over the expected life of the installation, although the fees are generally paid in a lump sum upon installation. we include an adjustment for straight-line rent expense on its operating leases, since the total minimum lease payments are recognized ratably over the lease term, although the lease payments generally increase over the lease term. the adjustments for both installation revenue and straight-line rent expense are intended to isolate the cash activity included within the straight-lined or amortized results in the consolidated statement of operations. we exclude the amortization of deferred financing costs as these expenses relate to the initial costs incurred in connection with debt financings that have no current or future cash obligations. we exclude gains (losses) on debt extinguishment since it represents a cost that may not recur and is not a good indicator of our current or future
operating performance. we include an income tax expense adjustment, which represents changes in its income tax reserves and valuation allowances that may not recur or may not relate to the current year's operations. we also excludes recurring capital expenditures, which represent expenditures to extend the useful life of its ibx centers or other assets that are required to support current revenues.
our ffo and affo for were as follows (in thousands):
net (income) loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests             -                   1,179                  (1,438    )
gain/loss on disposition of real estate property                               1,382                     301                     825
adjustments for ffo from unconsolidated joint ventures                           113                     112                     112
non-controlling interests' share of above adjustments                              -                  (5,303    )             (6,711    )
nareit ffo attributable to common shareholders                              $629,238                $153,266                $465,960
nareit ffo attributable to common shareholders                                 $629,238                $153,266                $465,960
amortization of deferred financing costs                                         16,135                  19,020                  24,429
recurring capital expenditures                                                 (120,281    )           (105,366    )            (93,504    )
restructuring charge reversal                                                         -                       -                  (4,837    )
acquisition costs                                                                41,723                   2,506                  10,855
adjustments for affo from unconsolidated joint ventures                             (58    )                (76    )               (185    )
non-controlling interests' share of above adjustments                                 -                  (3,134    )             (5,824    )
(1)   represents changes in its income tax reserves and valuation allowances that may not relate to the current year's operations.
our affo results have improved due to the improved operating results discussed earlier in "results of operations," as well as due to the nature of our business model which consists of a recurring revenue stream and a cost structure which has a large base that is fixed in nature as discussed earlier in "overview."
constant currency presentation our revenues and certain operating expenses (cost of revenues, sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses) from our international operations have represented and will continue to represent a significant portion of our total revenues and
certain operating expenses. as a result, our revenues and certain operating expenses have been and will continue to be affected by changes in the u.s. dollar against major international currencies such as the brazilian reals, british pound, canadian dollar, euro, swiss franc, australian dollar, chinese yuan, hong kong dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar. in order to provide a framework for assessing how each of our business segments performed excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, we present period-over-period percentage changes in our revenues and certain operating expenses on a constant currency basis in addition to the historical amounts as reported. presenting constant currency results of operations is a non-gaap financial measure and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to gaap results of operations. however, we have presented this non-gaap financial measure to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate our operating results. to present this information, our current and comparative prior period revenues and certain operating expenses from entities reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar are converted into u.s. dollars at constant exchange rates rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods (i.e. average rates in effect for the year ended december 31, 2014 are used as exchange rates for the year ended december 31, 2015 when comparing the year ended december 31, 2015 with the year ended december 31, 2014, and average rates in effect for the year ended december 31, 2013 are used as exchange rates for the year ended december 31, 2014 when comparing the year ended december 31, 2014 with the year ended december 31, 2013).
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2015, our total indebtedness was comprised of (i) convertible debt principal totaling $150.1 million from our 4.75% convertible subordinated notes (gross of discount) and (ii) non-convertible debt and financing obligations totaling approximately $6.4 billion consisting of (a) approximately $3.9 billion of principal from our senior notes, (b) approximately $1.3 billion from our capital lease and other financing obligations, (c) $325.6 million from our revolving credit facility, and (c) $920.1 million of principal from our mortgage and other loans payable (gross of discount and premium).
we believe we have sufficient cash, coupled with anticipated cash generated from operating activities, to meet our operating requirements, including repayment of the current portion of our debt as it becomes due, payment of regular dividend and special distributions due to our reit conversion (see below) and completion of our publicly-announced expansion projects. as of december 31, 2015, we had $2.2 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments, of which approximately $2.0 billion was held in the u.s. in january 2016, we used £1.2 billion, or approximately $1.7 billion in u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect on january 15, 2016, to fund the cash portion of the telecitygroup purchase price. we believe that our current expansion activities in the u.s. can be funded with our cash and cash equivalents and investments.
as of december 31, 2015, we had 30 irrevocable letters of credit totaling $55.3 million issued and outstanding under the revolving credit facility; as a result of these letters of credit plus $325.6 million of outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility, we had a total of approximately $1.1 of additional liquidity available to us under the revolving credit facility. besides any further financing activities we may pursue, customer collections are our primary source of cash. while we believe we have a strong customer base, and have continued to experience relatively strong collections, if the current market conditions were to deteriorate, some of our customers may have difficulty paying us and we may experience increased churn in our customer base, including reductions in their commitments to us, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. additionally, we may pursue additional expansion opportunities, primarily the build out of new ibx data centers, in certain of our existing markets which are at or near capacity within the next year, as well as potential acquisitions. we are also now operating as a reit (see below). while we expect to fund these plans with our existing resources, additional financing, either debt or equity, may be required if current market conditions were to deteriorate, we may be unable to secure additional financing or any such additional financing may only be available to us on unfavorable terms. an inability to pursue additional expansion opportunities will have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain our desired level of revenue growth in future periods.
impact of reit conversion we completed our conversion to a reit in 2014 and began operating as a reit effective january 1, 2015. as a result of our conversion to a reit, we made special distributions to our stockholders in 2015 and 2014. the distributions were payable in common stock or cash at the election of our stockholders, with the cash portion of the distributions subject to certain maximum amounts. as a result of the special distributions, we paid a total of $125.5 million in 2015 and $83.3 million in 2014 and distributed 1.7 million and 1.5 million shares of common stock in 2015 and 2014, respectively. also as a result of our conversion to a reit, we began paying quarterly dividends in 2015. we paid an aggregate of $396.0 million of cash dividends during 2015, which consisted of $393.6 million of cash dividends paid to shareholders and $2.4 million of cash paid in lieu of stock for fractional shares upon the vesting of restricted stock units.
we have incurred $78.3 million in costs to support our conversion to a reit since 2012, including $4.5 million and $49.4 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. we expect to incur approximately $10.0 million annually in reit compliance costs.
net cash provided by operating activities                  $894,793                $689,420                  $604,608
net cash used in investing activities                    (1,134,927    )           (435,839    )           (1,169,313    )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities       1,873,182                 107,401                   574,907
operating activities the increase in net cash provided by operating activities during 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to improved operating results. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities during 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to improved operating results, offset by unfavorable working capital activities such as decreased collections of customer receivables and a $51.4 million increase in interest payments. we expect we will continue to generate cash from our operating activities during 2016.
investing activities the increase in net cash used in investing activities during 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to a $513.9 million increase in restricted cash, primarily in connection with our cash and share offer for telecitygroup, $245.6 million, net of cash for our acquisition of bit-isle and nimbo, $207.9 million of higher capital expenditures primarily as a result of expansion activity and $21.5 million of higher purchase of real estate, partially offset by $187.0 million of lower purchase of investments and $87.6 million of higher sales and maturities of investment. the decrease in net cash used in investing activities during 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to $423.0 million of lower purchases of investments, $295.7 million of higher sales and maturities of investments, $57.5 million of lower real estate purchases and $49.3 million of lower business acquisition spending, partially offset by $87.8 million of higher capital expenditures as a result of more ibx expansion activity.
in may 2015, we announced a cash and share offer valued at £2.4 billion or $3.8 billion u.s dollars for the entire issued and outstanding share capital of telecitygroup. the acquisition closed on january 15, 2016.
during 2016, we expect that our ibx expansion construction activity will be greater than our 2015 levels. however, if the opportunity to expand is greater than planned and we have sufficient funding to pursue such expansion opportunities, we may further increase the level of capital expenditures to support this growth as well as pursue additional business acquisitions, property acquisitions or joint ventures.
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities during 2015 was primarily due to (i) $1.1 billion of gross proceeds from the senior notes offering in december 2015, (ii) $829.5 million of net proceeds from our public offering of common stock in november 2015, (iii) $1.2 billion of proceeds from loans payable including proceeds from our term loan modification, our bridge term loan and our revolving credit facility, partially offset by (iv) $715.3 million repayment of mortgage and loans payable including repayment of $171.2 million of loans assumed in the bit-isle acquisition and repayment of $544.1 million of u.s. dollar-denominated term loan and other mortgage and loan payments, (v) $396.0 million of quarterly dividend distributions and (vi) $125.5 million of special distributions. the net cash provided by financing activities for 2014 was primarily due to $1.25 billion of proceeds from the senior notes offering in november 2014, $500.0 million of proceeds from the term loan facility, partially offset by (i) $1.1 billion for repayment of debt including $750.0 million for the redemption of the 7.00% senior notes, prepayment of the remaining principal balance of the u.s. term loan of $110.0 million, $43.5 million for repayments of mortgage and other loan payable, and $29.5 million for the exchanges of the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes and 4.75% convertible subordinated notes, (ii) $298.0 million for the purchases of treasury stock, (iii) $226.3 million for the purchase of riverwood's interest in alog and the approximate 10% of alog owned by alog management and (iv) $83.3 million for the cash portion of the special distribution. the net cash provided by financing activities for 2013 was primarily due to $1.5 billion of proceeds from the senior notes offering in march 2013, partially offset by $834.7 million for the redemption of the $750.0 million 8.125% senior notes, repayments of various debt
and purchases of treasury stock. going forward, we expect that our financing activities will consist primarily of repayment of our debt and additional financings needed to support expansion opportunities, additional acquisitions or joint ventures and the payment of our regular cash dividends.
debt obligations debt facilities we have various debt obligations with maturity dates ranging from 2016 to 2026 under which a total principal balance of $5.2 billion remained outstanding as of december 31, 2015. for further information on debt obligations, see "debt facilities" in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
capital lease and other financing obligations we have numerous capital lease and other financing obligations with maturity dates ranging from 2016 to 2065 under which a total principal balance of $1.3 billion remained outstanding as of december 31, 2015 with a weighted average effective interest rate of 8.17%. for further information on our capital leases and other financing obligations, see "capital leases and other financing obligations" in note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance-sheet arrangements we lease a majority of our ibx data centers and certain equipment under non-cancelable lease agreements expiring through 2065. the following represents our debt maturities, financings, leases and other contractual commitments as of december 31, 2015 (in thousands):
revolving credit facility (2)                             325,622                     -                     -                     -                     -                   -               325,622
capital lease and other financing obligations (4)         140,632               139,653               140,981               138,847               136,587           1,346,341             2,043,041
other contractual commitments (6)                         476,217                79,750                18,898                 4,252                 4,302              25,540               608,959
(1)   represents principal only. as of december 31, 2015, had the holders of the 4.75% convertible subordinated notes due 2016 converted their notes, the 4.75% convertible subordinated notes would have been convertible into approximately 2.0 million shares of our common stock, which would have a total value of $593.0 million based on the closing price of our common stock on december 31, 2015.
(3)   represents interest on brazil financings, convertible debt, mortgage payable, senior notes and term loan facility based on their approximate interest rates as of december 31, 2015.
(6)   represents unaccrued contractual commitments. other contractual commitments are described below.
(7)   represents liability, net of future accretion expense.
in connection with certain of our leases and other contracts requiring deposits, we entered into 30 irrevocable letters of credit totaling $55.3 million under the revolving credit facility. these letters of credit were provided in lieu of cash deposits under the revolving credit facility. if the landlords for these ibx leases decide to draw down on these letters of credit triggered by an event of default under the lease, we will be required to fund these letters of credit either through cash collateral or borrowing under the revolving credit facility. these contingent commitments are not reflected in the table above.
we had accrued liabilities related to uncertain tax positions totaling approximately $26.8 million as of december 31, 2015. these liabilities, which are reflected on our balance sheet, are not reflected in the table above since it is unclear when these liabilities will be paid.
primarily as a result of our various ibx data center expansion projects, as of december 31, 2015, we were contractually committed for $256.8 million of unaccrued capital expenditures, primarily for ibx equipment not yet delivered and labor not yet provided in connection with the work necessary to complete construction and open these ibx data centers prior to making them available to customers for installation. this amount, which is expected to be paid during 2016 and thereafter, is reflected in the table above as "other contractual commitments."
we had other non-capital purchase commitments in place as of december 31, 2015, such as commitments to purchase power in select locations and other open purchase orders, which contractually bind us for goods or services to be delivered or provided during 2016 and beyond. such other purchase commitments as of december 31, 2015, which total $352.2 million, are also reflected in the table above as "other contractual commitments."
in addition, although we are not contractually obligated to do so, we expect to incur additional capital expenditures of approximately $359.6 million to $459.6 million, in addition to the $609.0 million in contractual commitments discussed above as of december 31, 2015, in our various ibx data center expansion projects during 2016 and thereafter in order to complete the work needed to open these ibx data centers. these non-contractual capital expenditures are not reflected in the table above. if we so choose, whether due to economic factors or other considerations, we could delay these non-contractual capital expenditure commitments to preserve liquidity.
other off-balance-sheet arrangements we have various guarantor arrangements with both our directors and officers and third parties, including customers, vendors and business partners. as of december 31, 2015, there were no significant liabilities recorded for these arrangements. for additional information, see "guarantor arrangements" in note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. ("gaap"). the preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. on an ongoing basis, management evaluates the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with gaap. management bases its assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. however, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results may differ from these assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material.
our significant accounting policies are discussed in note 1 to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. management believes that the following critical accounting policies and estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial statements, and they require significant judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain:
•   accounting for income taxes;
•   accounting for business combinations;
•   accounting for impairment of goodwill; and
•   accounting for property, plant and equipment.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     effect if actual results differ from assumptions accounting for income taxes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  the valuation of deferred tax assets requires judgment in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. our accounting for deferred tax consequences represents our best estimate of those future events.                                                                                                                                                                                        as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we recorded a total of net deferred tax liabilities of $39.5 million and $100.8 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had a total valuation allowance of $29.9 million and $27.2 million, respectively. during the year ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, we decided to provide a partial release of valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets associated with certain foreign operating entities, which resulted in an insignificant income tax benefit in our results of operations.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences that exist between the financial statement carrying value of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards on a taxing jurisdiction basis. we measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will apply in the years in which we expect the temporary differences to be recovered or settled. the accounting standard for income taxes requires a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not (defined by the accounting standard as a likelihood of more than 50%) that such assets will not be realized.   in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets. if, based on the weight of that available evidence, it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized, we record a valuation allowance. the weight given to the positive and negative evidence is commensurate with the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified.   our decisions to release our valuation allowances were based on our belief that the operations of these jurisdictions had achieved a sufficient level of profitability and will sustain a sufficient level of profitability in the future to support the release of these valuation allowances based on relevant facts and circumstances. however, if our assumptions on the future performance of these jurisdictions prove not to be correct and these jurisdictions are not able to sustain a sufficient level of profitability to support the associated deferred tax assets on our consolidated balance sheet, we will have to impair our deferred tax assets through an additional valuation allowance, which would impact our financial position and results of operations in the period such a determination is made.
a tax benefit from an uncertain income tax position may be recognized in the financial statements only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable, based solely on its technical merits and consideration of the relevant taxing authority's widely understood administrative practices and precedents.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   this assessment, which is completed on a taxing jurisdiction basis, takes into account a number of types of evidence, including the following: 1) the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative financial reporting losses, 2) sources of future taxable income and 3) tax planning strategies.                                                                                                                                                                  our remaining valuation allowance as of december 31, 2015 was $29.9 million and primarily relates to certain of our subsidiaries outside of the u.s. if and when we release our remaining valuation allowances, it will have a favorable impact to our financial position and results of operations in the periods such determinations are made. we will continue to assess the need for our valuation allowances, by country or location, in the future.
in assessing the tax benefit from an uncertain income tax position, the tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information.                                                                                              as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had unrecognized tax benefits of $30.8 million and $36.1 million, respectively, exclusive of interest and penalties. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the unrecognized tax benefits decreased by $5.3 million primarily due to an agreement with dutch tax authorities on the availability of historical loss carry-forwards to offset future profits generated by the dutch fiscal unity. during the year ended december 31, 2014, the unrecognized tax benefits decreased by an insignificant amount primarily due to the settlement of a tax audit and the lapse of statute of limitations in our foreign operations. the unrecognized tax benefits of $30.8 million as of december 31, 2015, if subsequently recognized, will affect our effective tax rate favorably at the time when such benefits are recognized.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    effect if actual results differ from assumptions accounting for business combinations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        our purchase price allocation methodology contains uncertainties because it requires assumptions and management's judgment to estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. management estimates the fair value of assets and liabilities based upon quoted market prices, the carrying value of the acquired assets and widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flows and market multiple analyses. our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. unanticipated events or circumstances may occur which could affect the accuracy of our fair value estimates, including assumptions regarding industry economic factors and business strategies.   during the last three years, we have completed three business combinations, including the bit-isle acquisition in november 2015, the nimbo acquisition in january 2015 and the frankfurt kleyer 90 carrier hotel acquisition in october 2013. the purchase price allocation for the bit-isle and frankfurt kleyer 90 carrier hotel acquisitions were completed in the fourth quarters of 2015 and 2013, respectively.
in accordance with the accounting standard for business combinations, we allocate the purchase price of an acquired business to its identifiable assets and liabilities based on estimated fair values. the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, if any, is recorded as goodwill.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we used to complete the purchase price allocations and the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material, which would be recorded in our statements of operations in 2016 or beyond.
we use all available information to estimate fair values. we typically engage outside appraisal firms to assist in the fair value determination of identifiable intangible assets such as customer contracts, leases and any other significant assets or liabilities and contingent consideration. we adjust the preliminary purchase price allocation, as necessary, up to one year after the acquisition closing date if we obtain more information regarding asset valuations and liabilities assumed.
accounting for impairment of goodwill                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       during the year ended december 31, 2015, we elected to assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value requires assumptions and estimates before performing the two-step goodwill impairment test, the assessment requires assumptions and estimates derived from a review of our actual and forecasted operating results, approved business plans, future economic conditions and other market data.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       as of december 31, 2015, goodwill attributable to the americas reporting unit, the emea reporting unit and the asia-pacific reporting unit was $460.2 million, $374.1 million and $228.9 million, respectively.
in accordance with the accounting standard for goodwill and other intangible assets, we perform goodwill impairment reviews annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   prior to 2015, when we elected to perform the first step of the two-step goodwill impairment test, we used both the income and market approach. under the income approach, we develop a five-year cash flow forecast and use our weighted-average cost of capital applicable to our reporting units as discount rates. this requires assumptions and estimates derived from a review of our actual and forecasted operating results, approved business plans, future economic conditions and other market data. the market approach requires judgment in determining the appropriate market comparables.                                                                                                                                       future events, changing market conditions and any changes in key assumptions may result in an impairment charge. while we have not recorded an impairment charge against our goodwill to date, the development of adverse business conditions in our americas, emea or asia-pacific reporting units, such as higher than anticipated customer churn or significantly increased operating costs, or significant deterioration of our market comparables that we use in the market approach, could result in an impairment charge in future periods.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we changed our annual goodwill impairment testing date from november 30th to october 31st of each year, commencing on october 31, 2014. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we elected to assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit in which goodwill resides is less than its carrying value.                                                                                       these assumptions require significant management judgment and are inherently subject to uncertainties.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         any potential impairment charge against our goodwill would not exceed the amounts recorded on our consolidated balance sheets.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we completed annual goodwill impairment assessment of the americas reporting unit, the emea reporting unit and the asia-pacific reporting unit and concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of these reporting units exceeded their carrying value, goodwill is not considered impaired and we are not required to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   effect if actual results differ from assumptions accounting for property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                while there are numerous judgments and uncertainties involved in accounting for property, plant and equipment that are significant, arriving at the estimated useful life of an asset requires the most critical judgment for us and changes to these estimates would have the most significant impact on our financial position and results of operations. when we lease a property for our ibx data centers, we generally enter into long-term arrangements with initial lease terms of at least 8-10 years and with renewal options generally available to us. during the next several years, a number of leases for our ibx data centers will come up for renewal. as we start approaching the end of these initial lease terms, we will need to reassess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant and equipment. in addition, we may find that our estimates for the useful lives of non-leased assets may also need to be revised periodically. we periodically review the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant and equipment and changes in these estimates in the future are possible.   we did not revise the estimated useful lives of our property, plant and equipment during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2013. during the quarter ended december 31, 2014, we revised the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant and equipment. as a result, we recorded an insignificant amount of higher depreciation expense for the quarter ended december 31, 2014 due to the reduction of the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant and equipment. we undertook this review due to our determination that we were generally using certain of our existing assets over a shorter period than originally anticipated and, therefore, the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant and equipment has been shortened. this change was accounted for as a change in accounting estimate on a prospective basis effective october 1, 2014 under the accounting standard for change in accounting estimates.
we have a substantial amount of property, plant and equipment recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. the vast majority of our property, plant and equipment represent the costs incurred to build out or acquire our ibx data centers. our ibx data centers are long-lived assets. the majority of our ibx data centers are in properties that are leased. we depreciate our property, plant and equipment using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets (subject to the term of the lease in the case of leased assets or leasehold improvements and integral equipment located in leased properties).                      another area of judgment for us in connection with our property, plant and equipment is related to lease accounting. most of our ibx data centers are leased. each time we enter into a new lease or lease amendment for one of our ibx data centers, we analyze each lease or lease amendment for the proper accounting. this requires certain judgments on our part such as establishing the lease term to include in a lease test, establishing the remaining estimated useful life of the underlying property or equipment and estimating the fair value of the underlying property or equipment and establishing the incremental borrowing rate to calculate the present value of the minimum lease payment for the lease test. all of these judgments are inherently uncertain. different assumptions or estimates could result in a different accounting treatment for a lease.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we had property, plant and equipment of $5.6 billion, $5.0 billion, and $4.6 billion, respectively. during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recorded depreciation expense of $498.1 million, $453.9 million, and $405.5 million, respectively. further changes in our estimated useful lives of our property, plant and equipment could have a significant impact on our results of operations.
accounting for property, plant and equipment includes determining the appropriate period in which to depreciate such assets, making assessments for leased properties to determine whether they are capital or operating leases, determining if construction projects performed at leased properties trigger build-to-suit lease accounting, assessing such assets for potential impairment, capitalizing interest during periods of construction and assessing the asset retirement obligations required for certain leased properties that require us to return the leased properties back to their original condition at the time we decide to exit a leased property.   the assessment of long-lived assets for impairment requires assumptions and estimates of undiscounted and discounted future cash flows. these assumptions and estimates require significant judgment and are inherently uncertain.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had property, plant and equipment under capital leases and other financing obligations of $1.5 billion, $1.1 billion and $949.0 million, respectively. during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recorded depreciation expense of $52.9 million, $43.2 million, and $32.5 million respectively, related to property, plant and equipment under capital leases and other financing obligations. during the year ended december 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, we recorded interest expense of $104.4 million, $86.4 million, $56.6 million, respectively related to property, plant, equipment, under capital leases and other financing obligations.
additionally, during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recorded rent expense of $200.0 million $105.4 million, and $112.7 million under operating leases.
recent accounting pronouncements see "recent accounting pronouncements" in note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.