item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis presents the factors that had a material effect on our results of operations during the three years ended december 31, 2015. also discussed is our financial position as of december 31, 2015. you should read this discussion in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
overview we are the global leader in the science of heart valves and hemodynamic monitoring. driven by a passion to help patients, we partner with clinicians to develop innovative technologies in the areas of structural heart disease and critical care monitoring, enabling them to save and enhance lives. we conduct operations worldwide and are managed in the following geographical regions: united states, europe, japan, and rest of world. our products are categorized into the following main areas: transcatheter heart valve therapy ("thv"), surgical heart valve therapy, and critical care.
on november 19, 2015, our board of directors declared a two-for-one stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock effected in the form of a stock dividend, paid on december 11, 2015 to shareholders of record on november 30, 2015. we distributed newly issued shares to effect the stock split. all applicable share and per-share amounts in this "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" have been retroactively adjusted to give effect to this stock split.
gross profit as a percentage of net sales          75.2    %               73.1    %               74.7    %         2.1        pts.   (1.6   )   pts.
our sales growth was led by our thv products, which benefited from the launch of the edwards sapien xt transcatheter heart valve in the united states (june 2014), and the launches of the edwards sapien 3 transcatheter heart valve in europe (january 2014) and in the united states (july 2015). our gross profit as a percentage of net sales was positively impacted in 2015 by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations (which had a negative impact to gross profit in 2014) and an improved product mix, led by thv products. net income in 2014 benefited from the receipt of $750.0 million ($487.9 million, net of tax) from medtronic, inc. ("medtronic") for an upfront payment due under a litigation settlement agreement.
healthcare environment, opportunities, and challenges the medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. our success is measured both by the development of innovative therapies and the value they bring to our stakeholders. we are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. to strengthen our leadership and enable future growth opportunities, in 2015 we invested 15.4% of our net sales in research and development. in a consolidating industry, we believe our focus on innovation and a robust product pipeline of meaningful new technologies will help us continue to be a preferred partner, sustain our successes, and build long-term value for our shareholders. the following is a summary of important developments during 2015:
•   final five-year clinical data for high-risk patients treated with the first-generation sapien transcatheter aortic valve in the partner trial demonstrated equivalent outcomes to traditional open-heart surgery, and no structural valve deterioration requiring intervention;
•   30-day outcomes for intermediate-risk patients treated transfemorally with the sapien 3 transcatheter aortic valve at centers in europe and canada demonstrated very low mortality and stroke rates;
•   we received fda approval of the edwards sapien 3 valve with the commander delivery system for the treatment of high-risk patients suffering from severe, symptomatic aortic stenosis;
•   we acquired cardiaq, a privately-held company and developer of a transcatheter mitral valve replacement system; and
we are dedicated to generating robust clinical and economic evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes.
united states        $1,262.9                $1,047.3                  $939.6               $215.6              $107.7            20.6    %      11.5    %
international net sales include the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on net sales is not necessarily indicative of the impact on net income due to the corresponding effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on international manufacturing and operating costs and our hedging activities. for more information see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
critical care                             528.4                   553.2                   536.6                (24.8   )            16.6            (4.5   )%       3.1    %
2015 compared with 2014
the increase in net sales of thv products in the united states was due primarily to:
•   the edwards sapien 3 valve, driven by its launch in july 2015; and
•   the edwards sapien xt valve, driven by its launch in june 2014;
•   the edwards sapien 3 valve, driven primarily by its launch in europe in january 2014; and
•   the edwards sapien xt valve in japan, driven by its launch in october 2013;
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $71.2 million, due primarily to the weakening of the euro against the united states dollar.
2014 compared with 2013
the increase in net sales of thv products in the united states was due primarily to:
•   the edwards sapien xt valve, driven primarily by its launch in june 2014;
•   royalties received under a license agreement with medtronic (see note 3 to the "consolidated financial statements").
•   the edwards sapien 3 valve, driven primarily by its launch in europe in january 2014; and
•   the edwards sapien xt valve in japan, driven by its launch in october 2013;
in june 2015, we received approval from the fda for the edwards sapien 3 valve with the commander delivery system for the treatment of high-risk patients. in january 2016, we received fda approval for an expanded indication study of the edwards sapien 3 valve. the investigational device exemption study will enroll elderly patients with severe, symptomatic aortic stenosis who have been determined by a heart team to be at low risk for mortality if they were to undergo surgical aortic valve replacement. the trial will also include a 400-patient sub-study using advanced imaging to evaluate leaflet motion in tissue heart valves.
2015 compared with 2014
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $59.7 million, due primarily to the weakening of the euro and the japanese yen against the united states dollar;
•   higher sales of (1) surgical heart valve products, driven by pericardial aortic tissue valves, primarily in europe, japan, and the united states, and (2) edwards intuity elite valves, primarily in europe.
2014 compared with 2013
•   higher sales of (1) surgical heart valve products, driven by pericardial aortic tissue valves, primarily in the united states and europe, and (2) edwards intuity elite valves, primarily in europe;
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $10.5 million, due to the weakening of various currencies against the united states dollar, mainly the japanese yen, partially offset by the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar.
critical care
2015 compared with 2014
the decrease in net sales of critical care products was due primarily to:
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $41.3 million due primarily to the weakening of the euro and the japanese yen against the united states dollar;
•   higher sales of enhanced surgical recovery products in the united states, europe, and rest of world.
2014 compared with 2013
the increase in net sales of critical care products was due primarily to enhanced surgical recovery products in the united states and rest of world, and core hemodynamic products outside the united states, partially offset by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $12.0 million due primarily to the weakening of the japanese yen against the united states dollar.
gross profit years ended december 31,                      change
gross profit as a percentage of net sales   75.2   %          73.1     %        74.7     %       2.1   pts.   (1.6   )   pts.
the increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2015 was driven by:
•   a 0.9 percentage point increase in the united states and a 0.4 percentage point increase in international markets, due to an improved product mix, driven by thv products;
the decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2014 was driven by:
•   a 0.8 percentage point increase due to an improved product mix in the united states, driven by thv products.
the decrease in sg&a expenses in 2015 resulted primarily from foreign currency, which reduced expenses by $61.1 million due primarily to the weakening of the euro and the japanese yen against the united states dollar. this decrease was partially offset by (1) higher sales and marketing expenses in europe, the united states, and japan, mainly to support our thv program and (2) higher personnel-related costs. the decrease in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2015 was due primarily to higher thv sales in the united states, europe, and japan.
the increase in sg&a expenses in 2014 was due primarily to (1) higher sales and marketing expenses in the united states, europe, and japan, mainly to support our thv program and (2) higher performance-based incentive compensation.
the increase in r&d expenses in 2014 was due primarily to new thv product development efforts, additional investments in clinical studies in our surgical heart valve therapy program, and higher performance-based incentive compensation. the decrease in r&d expenses as a percentage of net sales was due primarily to higher net sales.
intellectual property litigation expenses (income), net in may 2014, we entered into an agreement with medtronic to settle all outstanding patent litigation between the companies, and, pursuant to the agreement, we received an upfront payment from medtronic in the amount of $750.0 million.
in february 2013, we received $83.6 million from medtronic in satisfaction of the initial april 2010 jury award for damages for infringement of the united states andersen transcatheter heart valve patent, including accrued interest.
we incurred external legal costs related to intellectual property litigation of $7.0 million, $9.6 million, and $22.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. intellectual property litigation expenses decreased in 2015 and 2014 due to the may 2014 litigation settlement agreement with medtronic.
the (gain) loss on investments represents our net share of gains and losses in investments accounted for under the equity method, and realized gains and losses on our available-for-sale and cost method investments. during 2014, we recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $3.5 million related to one of our cost method investments.
in december 2014, we recorded a $4.0 million impairment charge related to our promissory note receivable because it was likely that we would be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the promissory note agreement.
in september 2014, we committed to purchase our draper, utah facility under a purchase option provided in the lease agreement. under the terms of the lease agreement, we accrued $1.0 million for certain lease contract termination costs.
state and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit                              3.1                  19.3                   5.8
tax credits, federal and state                                               (15.7    )            (13.5    )            (19.8    )
build (release) of reserve for uncertain tax positions for prior years         3.3                  (4.8    )             (3.9    )
u.s. tax on foreign earnings, net of credits                                  20.5                  (3.1    )             18.9
unrecognized tax benefits as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, the gross unrecognized tax benefits were $216.1 million and $192.3 million, respectively. we estimate that these liabilities would be reduced by $40.6 million and $34.3 million, respectively, from offsetting tax benefits associated with the correlative effects of potential transfer pricing adjustments, state income taxes, and timing adjustments. the net amounts of $175.5 million and $158.0 million, respectively, if not required, would favorably affect our effective tax rate.
a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest, penalties, and foreign exchange, is as follows (in millions):
unrecognized tax benefits, january 1        $192.3                $127.7                $113.6
current year tax positions                    29.6                  75.9                  17.8
increase prior year tax positions              2.2                   0.6                   5.7
decrease prior year tax positions             (7.4    )            (10.5    )             (9.0    )
lapse of statutes of limitations              (0.2    )             (0.4    )             (0.3    )
unrecognized tax benefits, december 31      $216.1                $192.3                $127.7
we recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. as of december 31, 2015, we had accrued $10.7 million (net of $7.6 million tax benefit) of interest related to unrecognized tax benefits, and as of december 31, 2014, we had accrued $6.8 million (net of $5.0 million tax benefit) of interest related to unrecognized tax benefits. during 2015, 2014, and 2013, we recognized interest expense, net of tax benefit, of $3.9 million, $2.3 million, and $1.4 million, respectively, in "provision for income taxes" on the consolidated statements of operations.
we strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. while we have accrued for matters we believe are more likely than not to require settlement, the final outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is more or less than that reflected in the consolidated financial statements. furthermore, we may later decide to challenge any assessments, if made, and may exercise our right to appeal. the uncertain tax positions are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, proposed assessments by tax authorities, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law. management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions.
at december 31, 2015, all material state, local, and foreign income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2008. the internal revenue service ("irs") has substantially completed its fieldwork for the 2009 through 2012 tax years. however, the audits are currently in suspense pending finalization of an advance pricing agreement ("apa") and joint committee of taxation approval.
as noted above, we entered into an apa process between the switzerland and united states governments for the years 2009 through 2015 covering transfer pricing matters. the transfer pricing matters are significant to our consolidated financial statements, and the final outcome and timing of the negotiations between the two governments is uncertain.
during 2014, we filed with the irs a request for a pre-filing agreement associated with a tax return filing position on a portion of the litigation settlement payment received from medtronic in may 2014. during the first quarter of 2015, the irs accepted the pre-filing agreement into the pre-filing agreement program. the finalization of the pre-filing agreement is still pending. however, we made an advance payment of tax in december 2015 to prevent the further accrual of interest on any potential deficiency only and not to signify any potential agreement to a contrary position that may be taken by the irs.
management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions. based upon the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, we cannot reasonably estimate what, if any, changes in our existing uncertain tax positions may occur in the next 12 months and thus have recorded the gross uncertain tax positions as a long-term liability. however, if the apa and/or pre-filing agreement is finalized in the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that these events could result in a significant change in our uncertain tax positions within the next 12 months.
the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 was lower than the rate for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily because the rate for december 31, 2014 included (1) $262.1 million of tax expense associated with a $750.0 million litigation settlement payment received from medtronic in may 2014 (see note 3 to the "consolidated financial statements") and (2) $4.8 million of tax benefits from the remeasurement of uncertain tax positions.
the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2013 included (1) an $8.4 million benefit for the full year 2012 federal research credit and (2) $31.3 million of tax expense associated with the $83.6 million litigation award received from medtronic in february 2013 (see note 3 to the "consolidated financial statements").
we have received tax incentives in puerto rico, the dominican republic, singapore, and switzerland. the tax reductions as compared to the local statutory rates favorably impacted earnings per diluted share for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 by $0.25, $0.31, and $0.22, respectively. the puerto rico, dominican republic, and singapore grants provide our manufacturing operations partial or full exemption from local taxes until the years 2028, 2030 (subject to review in 2015 and subsequent years), and 2024 respectively. the switzerland grant expired december 31, 2015 and we are in the process of filing for renewal through 2018.
liquidity and capital resources our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under credit facilities, and cash from operations. we believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments for the next twelve months. however, we periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions.
as of december 31, 2015, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held in the united states and outside the united states were $266.0 million and $958.7 million, respectively. we believe that cash held in the united states, in addition to amounts available under credit facilities and cash from operations, are sufficient to fund our united states operating requirements for the foreseeable future. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the united states have historically been used to fund international operations and acquire businesses and assets outside of the united states, the majority of which relates to undistributed earnings of certain of our foreign subsidiaries, which are considered by us to be indefinitely reinvested. we consider making short-term loans of cash held outside the united states to the united states from time to time based on facts and circumstances. the permanent repatriations of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the united states are subject to restrictions in certain jurisdictions, and may be subject to withholding and other taxes. the potential tax liability related to any repatriation would be dependent on the facts and circumstances that exist at the time such repatriation is made and the complexities of the tax laws of the united states and the respective foreign jurisdictions.
on july 3, 2015, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger to acquire cardiaq for an aggregate cash purchase price of $350.0 million, subject to certain adjustments, plus an additional $50.0 million if a certain european regulatory approval is obtained within 48 months of the acquisition closing date. we closed the purchase in august 2015 with available cash on hand in the united states. for further information, see note 7 to the "consolidated financial statements."
we have a five-year credit agreement ("credit agreement") which provides up to an aggregate of $750.0 million in borrowings in multiple currencies. we may increase the amount available under the credit agreement, subject to agreement of the lenders, by up to an additional $250.0 million in the aggregate. as of december 31, 2015, there were no borrowings outstanding under the credit agreement. in october 2013, we issued $600.0 million of 2.875% fixed-rate unsecured senior notes due october 15, 2018. as of december 31, 2015, the total carrying value of our long-term debt was $599.9 million. for further information on our long-term debt, see note 9 to the "consolidated financial statements."
from time to time, we repurchase shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the board of directors. we consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, expected dilution from stock plans, cash capacity, and the market price of our common stock. during 2015, we repurchased under the board authorized repurchase program a total of 2.5 million shares at an aggregate cost of $275.0 million, and as of december 31, 2015, had remaining authority to purchase $677.5 million of our common stock. in february 2016, edwards entered into accelerated share repurchase agreements to repurchase $325.0 million of the company's common stock. for further information, see note 13 and note 21 to the "consolidated financial statements."
net cash flows provided by operating activities of $549.7 million for 2015 decreased $472.6 million from 2014 due primarily to (1) the $750.0 million upfront payment received in 2014 from medtronic under a litigation settlement agreement and (2) a higher bonus payout in 2015 associated with 2014 performance. these decreases were partially offset by (1) income tax payments of $224.5 million made in 2014 related to the medtronic settlement, (2) improved operating performance in 2015, and (3) the $50.0 million charitable contribution made in 2014 to the edwards lifesciences foundation.
net cash flows provided by operating activities of $1,022.3 million for 2014 increased $549.6 million from 2013 due primarily to (1) the $750.0 million upfront payment received from medtronic under a litigation settlement agreement, (2) a lower bonus payout in 2014 associated with 2013 performance, and (3) improved operating performance. these increases were partially offset by (1) income tax payments of $224.5 million related to the medtronic settlement, (2) the prior year receipt of $83.6 million from medtronic in satisfaction of the initial april 2010 jury award of damages for infringement of the united states andersen transcatheter heart valve patent, and (3) the $50.0 million charitable contribution made in 2014 to the edwards lifesciences foundation.
net cash used in investing activities of $316.1 million in 2015 consisted primarily of a $320.1 million net payment associated with the acquisition of cardiaq and capital expenditures of $102.7 million, partially offset by net proceeds from investments of $119.6 million.
net cash used in investing activities of $633.0 million in 2014 consisted primarily of net purchases of investments of $527.4 million and capital expenditures of $82.9 million.
net cash used in financing activities of $158.6 million in 2015 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $280.1 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock plans of $87.2 million, and the excess tax benefit from stock plans of $41.3 million.
net cash used in financing activities of $153.0 million in 2014 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $300.9 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock plans of $113.3 million, and the excess tax benefit from stock plans of $49.4 million (including the realization of previously unrealized excess tax benefits).
a summary of all of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of december 31, 2015 were as follows (in millions):
capital commitment obligations (b)                 2.3                     2.0                     0.3            -                  -
purchase and other commitments                     2.4                     2.4                       -            -                  -
(a)   the amount included in "less than 1 year" reflects anticipated contributions to our various pension plans. anticipated contributions beyond one year are not determinable. the total accrued benefit liability for our pension plans recognized as of december 31, 2015 was $43.0 million. this amount is impacted by, among other items, pension expense funding levels, changes in plan demographics and assumptions, and investment return on plan assets. therefore, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table. see note 12 to the "consolidated financial statements" for further information.
(b)   capital commitment obligations consist primarily of cash that we are obligated to pay to our limited partnership and limited liability corporation investees. these investees make equity investments in various development stage biopharmaceutical and medical device companies, and it is not certain if and/or when these payments will be made.
(c)   as of december 31, 2015, the liability for uncertain tax positions including interest was $234.4 million. we have entered into an apa process between the switzerland and the united states governments for the years 2009 through 2015 covering transfer pricing matters. these transfer pricing matters are significant to our consolidated financial statements, and the final outcome of the negotiations between the two governments is uncertain. management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result for our uncertain tax positions. we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table.
(d)   we acquire assets still in development, enter into research and development arrangements, and sponsor certain clinical trials that often require milestone, royalty, or other future payments to third-parties, contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events. in situations where we have no ability to influence the achievement of the milestone or otherwise avoid the payment, we have included those payments in the table above. however, we have excluded from the table contingent milestone payments and other contingent liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payments or for which we can avoid making payment by unilaterally deciding to stop development of a product or cease progress of a clinical trial. we estimate that these contingent payments could be up to approximately $170.0 million if all milestones or other contingent obligations were met.
critical accounting policies and estimates our results of operations and financial position are determined based upon the application of our accounting policies, as discussed in the notes to the "consolidated financial statements." certain of our accounting policies represent a selection among acceptable alternatives under generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"). in evaluating our transactions, management assesses all relevant gaap and chooses the accounting policy that most accurately reflects the nature of the transactions.
the application of accounting policies requires the use of judgment and estimates. these matters that are subject to judgments and estimation are inherently uncertain, and different amounts could be reported using different assumptions and estimates. management uses its best estimates and judgments in determining the appropriate amount to reflect in the consolidated financial statements, using historical experience and all available information. we also use outside experts where appropriate. we apply estimation methodologies consistently from year to year.
we believe the following are the critical accounting policies which could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management.
revenue recognition when we recognize revenue from the sale of our products, we record an estimate of various sales returns and allowances which reduces product sales and accounts receivable. these adjustments include estimates for rebates, returns, and other sales allowances. these provisions are estimated based upon historical payment experience, historical relationship to revenues, estimated customer inventory levels, and current contract sales terms with direct and indirect customers. product returns are not significant because returns are generally not allowed unless the product is damaged at time of receipt. if the historical data and inventory estimates used to calculate these provisions do not approximate future activity, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows could be impacted.
in addition, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products for next-generation product offerings. for these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, and variation in product utilization all affect the estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates.
our sales adjustment related to distributor rebates given to our united states distributors represents the difference between our sales price to the distributor (at our distributor "list price") and the negotiated price to be paid by the end-customer. we validate the distributor rebate accrual quarterly through either a review of the inventory reports obtained from our distributors or an estimate of the distributor's inventory. this distributor inventory information is used to verify the estimated liability for future distributor rebate claims based on historical rebates and contract rates. we periodically monitor current pricing trends and distributor inventory levels to ensure the credit for future distributor rebates is fairly stated.
excess and obsolete inventory the valuation of our inventory requires us to estimate excess, obsolete, and expired inventory. we base our provisions for excess, obsolete, and expired inventory on our estimates of forecasted net sales. a significant change in the timing or level of demand for our products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional allowances for excess, obsolete, and expired inventory in the future. in addition, our industry is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, increasing levels of consigned inventory, and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to excess, obsolete, and expired inventory.
intangible assets and long-lived assets we acquire intangible assets in connection with business combinations and asset purchases. the acquired intangible assets are recorded at fair value, which is determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis. the determination of fair value requires significant estimates, including, but not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to discount those cash flows, the assessment of the asset's life cycle, including the timing and expected costs to complete in-process projects, and the consideration of legal, technical, regulatory, economic, and competitive risks.
ipr&d acquired in business combinations is reviewed for impairment annually, or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. additionally, management reviews the carrying amounts of other intangible and long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of an asset may not be recoverable. the impairment reviews require significant estimates about fair value, including estimation of future cash flows, selection of an appropriate discount rate, and estimates of long-term growth rates.
contingent consideration we record contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. we determine the fair value of the contingent consideration based primarily on the following factors:
•   timing and probability of success of clinical events or regulatory approvals;
•   timing and probability of success of meeting commercial milestones; and
on a quarterly basis, we revalue these obligations and record changes in their fair value as an adjustment to operating earnings. changes to contingent consideration obligations can result from adjustments to discount rates, accretion of the discount rates due to the passage of time, changes in our estimates of the likelihood or timing of achieving development or commercial milestones, changes in the probability of certain clinical events or changes in the assumed probability associated with regulatory approval.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income amongst various tax jurisdictions. we evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions, including estimating the ultimate resolution to intercompany pricing controversies between countries when there are numerous possible outcomes. we review these tax uncertainties quarterly and adjust the liability as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as the progress of tax audits, lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law.
for additional details on our income taxes, see note 2 and note 16 to the "consolidated financial statements."
stock-based compensation we measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based awards based on estimated fair values. stock-based awards consist of stock options, service-based restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, and employee stock purchase subscriptions. the fair value of each option award and employee stock purchase subscription is estimated on the date of grant using the black-scholes option valuation model. the fair value of market-based restricted stock units is determined using a monte carlo simulation model, which uses multiple input variables to determine the probability of satisfying the market condition requirements. the black-scholes and monte carlo models require various highly judgmental assumptions, including stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected option term. for performance-based restricted stock units, expense is recognized if and when we conclude that it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved, which requires judgment. stock-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures. judgment is required in estimating the stock awards that will ultimately be forfeited. if actual results differ significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations could be impacted.