item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. the following discussion contains "forward-looking statements" that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs, and expected performance. actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors. see item 1a. "risk factors" and "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements."
overview we are an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, development, exploration and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves in the permian basin in west texas. our activities are primarily directed at the clearfork, spraberry, wolfcamp, cline, strawn and atoka formations which we refer to as the wolfberry play. we intend to continue to develop our reserves and increase production through development drilling and exploitation and exploration activities on our multi-year inventory of identified potential drilling locations and through acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial objectives, targeting oil-weighted reserves. substantially all of our revenues are generated through the sale of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas production. our production was approximately 75% oil, 14% natural gas liquids and 11% natural gas for the year ended december 31, 2015, approximately 76% oil, 14% natural gas liquids and 10% natural gas for the year ended december 31, 2014 and approximately 76% oil, 13% natural gas liquids and 11% natural gas for the year ended december 31, 2013. on december 31, 2015, our net acreage position in the permian basin was approximately 84,683 net acres.
2015 transactions and recent developments common stock transactions in january 2015, we completed an underwritten public offering of 2,012,500 shares of common stock, which included 262,500 shares of common stock issued pursuant to an option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriter. the stock was sold to the underwriter at $59.34 per share and we received proceeds of approximately $119.4 million from the sale of these shares of common stock, net of offering expenses and underwriting discounts and commissions.
in may 2015, we completed an underwritten public offering of 4,600,000 shares of common stock, which included 600,000 shares of common stock issued pursuant to an option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriter. the stock was sold to the underwriter at $72.53 per share and we received proceeds of approximately $333.6 million from the sale of these shares of common stock, net of offering expenses and underwriting discounts and commissions.
in august 2015, we completed an underwritten public offering of 2,875,000 shares of common stock, which included 375,000 shares of common stock issued pursuant to an option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriter. the stock was sold to the underwriter at $68.74 per share and we received proceeds of approximately $197.6 million from the sale of these shares of common stock, net of offering expenses and underwriting discounts and commissions.
in january 2016, we completed an underwritten public offering of 4,600,000 shares of common stock, which included 600,000 shares of common stock issued pursuant to an option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriter. the stock was sold to the underwriter at $55.33 per share and we received proceeds of approximately $254.5 million from the sale of these shares of common stock, net of offering expenses and underwriting discounts and commissions.
leasehold and mineral interest transactions since january 1, 2015, we have acquired from unrelated third party sellers an aggregate of approximately 16,940 gross (12,672 net) acres in the midland basin, primarily in northwest howard county, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $437.5 million, subject to certain adjustments. approximately 83% of this acreage is held by production. we believe the acreage is prospective for horizontal drilling in the lower spraberry, wolfcamp a and wolfcamp b horizons, and have identified an aggregate of approximately 232 net potential horizontal drilling locations in these horizons based on 660 foot spacing between wells. we currently estimate that approximately 42% of the potential horizontal locations will have approximately 10,000 foot laterals, which can provide higher rates of return and capital efficiency than shorter laterals. the average lateral length for these potential horizontal locations is estimated to be approximately 8,357 feet. we also believe that additional development potential may exist in the middle spraberry horizon. salt water disposal infrastructure is already in place on the acreage in northwest howard county, and the acquisitions included 3-d seismic data that can be used to geosteer the drilling of horizontal wells. on
july 9, 2015, we completed the sale of an approximate average 1.5% overriding royalty interest in certain of its acreage primarily located in howard county, texas to the partnership for $31.1 million.
operational update in january 2016, we completed our first three well pad in glasscock county targeting the lower spraberry, wolfcamp a and wolfcamp b with an average lateral length of 7,400 feet. the wells are in various stages of flowback and artificial lift but produced in excess of 3,600 boe/d (81% oil) on a combined basis over seven days. our second pad in glasscock county, with two wells targeting the wolfcamp a and wolfcamp b, was still cleaning up as of february 15, 2016.
we intend to release one of our three horizontal drilling rigs in march 2016. we will continue monitoring the commodity price environment and expect to retain the financial flexibility to adjust our drilling and completion plans in response to market conditions.
2016 capital budget we expect a 2016 total capital spend of $250.0 million to $375.0 million, consisting of $210.0 million to $315.0 million for horizontal drilling and completions, $25.0 million to $35.0 million for infrastructure and $15.0 million to $25.0 million for non-operated activity and other expenditures. we expect to drill and complete 30 to 70 gross horizontal wells in 2016.
we intend to release one of our three horizontal drilling rigs in march 2016. we will continue monitoring the ongoing commodity price environment and expect to retain the financial flexibility to adjust our drilling and completion plans as conditions warrant. we are prepared to decelerate our drilling program if commodity prices deteriorate and accelerate our drilling program if commodity prices improve. if necessary, we can release a second rig in the second quarter of 2016 and continue to operate one rig to hold acreage.
basis of presentation transfers of a business between entities under common control are accounted for as if the transfer occurred at the beginning of the period, and prior years are retrospectively adjusted to furnish comparative information. the windsor ut llc contribution was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control. accordingly, the financial information and production data contained in this report have been retrospectively adjusted to include the historical results of windsor ut llc at historical carrying values and its operations prior to october 11, 2012, the effective date of the windsor ut llc contribution.
reserves and pricing ryder scott prepared estimates of our proved reserves at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (which include estimated proved reserves attributable to viper). the prices used to estimate proved reserves for all periods did not give effect to derivative transactions, were held constant throughout the life of the properties and have been adjusted for quality, transportation fees, geographical differentials, marketing bonuses or deductions and other factors affecting the price received at the wellhead.
unweighted arithmetic average first-day-of-the-month prices oil (per bbl)                      $45.07                $87.15                $92.59
sources of our revenue our revenues are derived from the sale of oil and natural gas production, as well as the sale of natural gas liquids that are extracted from our natural gas during processing. our oil and natural gas revenues do not include the effects of derivatives. for the year ended december 31, 2015, our revenues were derived 91% from oil sales, 5% from natural gas liquids sales and 4% from natural gas sales. for the year ended december 31, 2014, our revenues were derived 91% from oil sales, 6% from natural gas liquids sales and 3% from natural gas sales. for the year ended december 31, 2013, our revenues were derived 91% from oil sales, 6% from natural gas liquids sales and 3% from natural gas sales. our revenues may vary significantly from period to period as a result of changes in volumes of production sold, production mix or commodity prices.
since our production consists primarily of oil, our revenues are more sensitive to fluctuations in oil prices than they are to fluctuations in natural gas liquids or natural gas prices. oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas prices have historically been volatile. during 2015, west texas intermediate posted prices ranged from $34.55 to $61.36 per bbl and the henry hub spot market price of natural gas ranged from $1.63 to $3.32 per mmbtu. on december 31, 2015, the west texas intermediate posted price for crude oil was $37.13 per bbl and the henry hub spot market price of natural gas was $2.28 per mmbtu.
over the past several months, oil prices have declined from over $61.00 per bbl in june 2015 to below $27.00 per bbl in january 2016 due in large part to increasing supplies and weakening demand growth. lower prices may not only decrease our revenues, but also potentially the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically. lower oil and natural gas prices may also result in a reduction in the borrowing base under our credit agreement, which may be determined at the discretion of our lenders.
principal components of our cost structure lease operating and natural gas transportation and treating expenses. these are daily costs incurred to bring oil and natural gas out of the ground and to the market, together with the daily costs incurred to maintain our producing properties. such costs also include maintenance, repairs and workover expenses related to our oil and natural gas properties.
production and ad valorem taxes. production taxes are paid on produced oil and natural gas based on a percentage of revenues from products sold at fixed rates established by federal, state or local taxing authorities. where available, we benefit from tax credits and exemptions in our various taxing jurisdictions. we are also subject to ad valorem taxes in the counties where our production is located. ad valorem taxes are generally based on the valuation of our oil and gas properties.
general and administrative. these are costs incurred for overhead, including payroll and benefits for our corporate staff, costs of maintaining our headquarters, costs of managing our production and development operations, franchise taxes, audit and other fees for professional services and legal compliance.
depreciation, depletion and amortization. under the full cost accounting method, we capitalize costs within a cost center and then systematically expense those costs on a units of production basis based on proved oil and natural gas reserve quantities. we calculate depletion on the following types of costs: (i) all capitalized costs, other than the cost of investments in unproved properties and major development projects for which proved reserves cannot yet be assigned, less accumulated amortization; (ii) the estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing proved reserves; and (iii) the estimated dismantlement and abandonment costs, net of estimated salvage values. depreciation of other property and equipment is computed using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives, which range from three to fifteen years.
interest expense. we have financed a portion of our working capital requirements, capital expenditures and acquisitions with borrowings under our revolving credit facility and our net proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes. we incur interest expense that is affected by both fluctuations in interest rates and our financing decisions. we reflect interest paid to our lender in interest expense. in addition, we include the amortization of deferred financing costs (including origination and amendment fees), commitment fees and annual agency fees in interest expense.
gain/loss on derivative instruments. we utilize commodity derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the price of crude oil. this amount represents (i) the recognition of the change in the fair value of open non-hedge derivative contracts as commodity prices change and commodity derivative contracts expire or new ones are entered into, and (ii) our gains and losses on the settlement of these commodity derivative instruments.
loss from equity investment. this line item represents our proportionate share of the earnings and losses from our investment in the membership interests of muskie, an equity method investment.
we use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of (1) temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and (2) operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred income tax assets and liabilities are based on enacted tax rates applicable to the future period when those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period the rate change is enacted. a valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
income tax provision (benefit)                                      (201,310      )              108,985                      31,754
(1)   hedged prices reflect the effect of our commodity derivative transactions on our average sales prices. our calculation of such effects include realized gains and losses on cash settlements for commodity derivatives, which we do not designate for hedge accounting.
oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas revenues. our oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas revenues decreased by approximately $49.0 million, or 10%, to $446.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 from $495.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. our revenues are a function of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas production volumes sold and average sales prices received for those volumes. average daily production sold increased by 13,624 boe/d to 33,098 boe/d during the year ended december 31, 2015 from 19,474 boe/d during the year ended december 31, 2014. the total decrease in revenue of approximately $49.0 million is largely attributable to lower average sales prices partially offset by higher oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas production volumes for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the increases in production volumes were due to a combination of increased drilling activity and growth through acquisitions. our production increased by 3,699,559 bbls of oil, 675,632 bbls of natural gas liquids and 3,585,321 mcf of natural gas for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
lease operating expense. lease operating expense was $82.6 million ($6.84 per boe) for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $27.2 million, or 49%, from $55.4 million ($7.79 per boe) for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase is due to increased drilling activity and acquisitions, which resulted in 169 additional producing wells for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. upon becoming the operator of wells acquired in our acquisitions, we seek to achieve the efficiencies in those wells that we have established with our existing portfolio of wells.
production and ad valorem tax expense. production and ad valorem taxes increased to $33.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 from $32.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. in general, production taxes and ad valorem taxes are directly related to commodity price changes; however, texas ad valorem taxes are based upon prior year commodity prices, whereas production taxes are based upon current year commodity prices. during the year ended december 31, 2015, our production taxes per boe decreased by $1.86 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily reflecting the impact of lower oil and natural gas prices on production taxes in 2015, offset by an increased production as a result of our acquisitions and drilling.
general and administrative expense. general and administrative expense increased $10.7 million from $21.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 to $32.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was due to increases in salaries and benefits expense as a result of an increase in workforce and equity-based compensation.
net interest expense. net interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $41.5 million as compared to $34.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $7.0 million. this increase was due primarily to the higher average level of outstanding borrowings under our credit facility during 2015.
derivatives. we are required to recognize all derivative instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. we have not designated our derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes. as a result, we mark our derivative instruments to fair value and recognize the cash and non-cash changes in fair value on derivative instruments in our consolidated statements of operations under the line item captioned "gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net." for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had a cash gain on settlement of derivative instruments of $144.9 million and $10.4 million, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2015, we had a negative change in the fair value of open derivative instruments of $112.9 million as compared to a positive change in the fair value of open derivative instruments of $117.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2014.
income tax benefit (expense). we recorded an income tax benefit of $201.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to an income tax expense of $109.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. our effective tax rate was 26.9% for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to 35.7% for the year ended december 31, 2014.
oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas revenues. our oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas revenues increased by approximately $287.7 million, or 138%, to $495.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $208.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. our revenues are a function of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas production volumes sold and average sales prices received for those volumes. average daily production sold increased by 12,153 boe/d to 19,474 boe/d during the year ended december 31, 2014 from 7,321 boe/d during the year ended december 31, 2013. the total increase in revenue of approximately $287.7 million was largely attributable to higher oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas production volumes for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, partially offset by lower average sales prices. the increases in production volumes were due to a combination of increased drilling activity and growth through acquisitions. our production increased by 3,358,827 bbls of oil, 640,912 bbls of natural gas liquids and 2,615,419 mcf of natural gas for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
lease operating expense. lease operating expense was $55.4 million ($7.79 per boe) for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $34.2 million, or 162%, from $21.2 million ($7.92 per boe) for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was due to increased drilling activity and acquisitions, which resulted in 389 additional producing wells for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. upon becoming the operator of wells acquired in our acquisitions, we seek to achieve the efficiencies in those wells that we have established with our existing portfolio of wells. on a per boe basis, lease operating expense remained stable as new volumes came on line and expenses were held in line or were reduced.
production and ad valorem tax expense. production and ad valorem taxes increased to $32.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $12.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. in general, production taxes and ad valorem taxes are directly related to commodity price changes; however, texas ad valorem taxes are based upon prior year commodity prices, whereas production taxes are based upon current year commodity prices. during the year ended december 31, 2014, our production taxes per boe decreased by $0.24 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily reflecting the impact of lower oil and natural gas prices on production taxes. our ad valorem taxes have increased primarily as a result of increased valuations on our properties.
the increases in depletion of proved oil and natural gas properties of $102.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 resulted primarily from higher total production levels, increased net book value on new reserves added and an increase in capitalized interest to the full cost pool. on a per boe basis, depreciation, depletion and amortization expense decreased primarily due to the increased net book value on new reserves and acquisitions.
general and administrative expense. general and administrative expense increased $10.2 million from $11.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 to $21.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was due to increases in equity-based compensation, salary, legal, professional service and advisory service expenses. these increases were partially offset by increases in general and administrative costs related to exploration and development activity capitalized to the full cost pool and increases in copas overhead reimbursements due to increased drilling activity.
derivatives. we are required to recognize all derivative instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. we have not designated our derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes. as a result, we mark our derivative instruments to fair value and recognize the cash and non-cash changes in fair value on derivative instruments in our consolidated statements of operations under the line item captioned "gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net." for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had a cash gain on settlement of derivative instruments of $10.4 million and a cash loss on settlement of derivative instruments of $7.2 million, respectively. for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had a positive change in the fair value of open derivative instruments of $117.1 million and $5.3 million, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources our primary sources of liquidity have been proceeds from our public equity offerings, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes and cash flows from operations. our primary use of capital has been for the acquisition, development and exploration of oil and natural gas properties. as we pursue reserves and production growth, we regularly consider which capital resources, including equity and debt financings, are available to meet our future financial obligations, planned capital expenditure activities and liquidity requirements. our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us.
liquidity and cash flow our cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 are presented below:
net cash provided by operating activities      $416,501                  $356,389                $155,777
net cash used in investing activities          (895,050    )           (1,481,997    )           (940,140    )
net cash provided by financing activities      $468,481                $1,140,236                $773,560
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $416.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to $356.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in operating cash flows is primarily the result of the increase in our oil and natural gas revenues due to a 70.0% increase in our net boe production partially offset by a 47.0% decrease in our net realized sales prices.
net cash provided by operating activities was $356.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to $155.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in operating cash flows is primarily a result of the increase in our oil and natural gas revenues due to a 166.0% increase in our net boe production partially offset by a 10.4% decrease in our net realized sales prices.
our operating cash flow is sensitive to many variables, the most significant of which is the volatility of prices for the oil and natural gas we produce. prices for these commodities are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions. regional and worldwide economic activity, weather and other substantially variable factors influence market conditions for these products. these factors are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. see "-sources of our revenue" and item 1a. "risk factors" above.
investing activities the purchase and development of oil and natural gas properties accounted for the majority of our cash outlays for investing activities. we used cash for investing activities of $895.1 million, $1,482.0 million and $940.1 million during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 respectively.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we spent $419.5 million on capital expenditures in conjunction with our drilling program, in which we drilled 64 gross (54 net) horizontal wells and four gross (three net) vertical wells and participated in the drilling of 15 gross (six net) non-operated wells, $437.5 million on leasehold acquisitions, $43.9 million on royalty interest acquisitions and $1.2 million for the purchase of other property and equipment.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we spent $499.8 million on capital expenditures in conjunction with our drilling program and related infrastructure projects, in which we drilled 82 gross (67 net) horizontal wells and 27 gross (22 net) vertical wells and participated in the drilling of four gross (two net) non-operated wells. we spent an additional $845.8 million on leasehold costs, $44.2 million for the purchase of other property and equipment, $57.7 million on the acquisitions of mineral interests underlying approximately 10,364 gross (3,261 net) acres in the midland and delaware basins and approximately $33.9 million for a minor equity interest in an entity that owns mineral, overriding royalty, net profits, leasehold and other similar interests.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, we spent $297.7 million on capital expenditures in conjunction with our drilling program in which drilled 77 gross (70 net) wells and participated in the drilling of four gross (two net) non-operated wells. we spent an additional $444.1 million on the acquisition of mineral interests, $177.3 million on leasehold costs, $2.2 million for the purchase of other property and equipment and $0.3 million, net, on the settlement of non-hedge derivative instruments and $18.6 million for the post-closing adjustment associated with our acquisition of gulfport energy corporation's oil and natural gas assets in the permian basin in connection with our initial public offering in october 2012.
our investing activities for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 are summarized in the following table:
acquisition of leasehold interests               (437,455      )         (845,826        )            (177,343    )
acquisition of gulfport properties               -                       -                             (18,550    )
acquisition of royalty interests                 (43,907       )         (57,689         )            (444,083    )
equity investments                               (2,702        )         (34,477         )                   -
net cash used in investing activities            $(895,050     )         $(1,481,997     )           $(940,140    )
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $468.5 million, $1,140.2 million and $773.6 million, respectively. the 2015 amount provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to the aggregate proceeds from our january, may and august 2015 equity offerings of $650.7 million partially offset by repayments of net borrowings of $184.5 million, under our credit facility. during the year ended december 31, 2014, the amount provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to the net proceeds of $208.4 million from our february 2014 equity offering, net proceeds of $137.2 million from the viper offering, net proceeds of $485.0 million from our july 2014 equity offering, net proceeds of $94.8 million from the viper september 2014 equity offering and borrowings, net of repayment, of $213.5 million under our credit facility. for the year ended december 31, 2013, the amount provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to (a) the net proceeds of $144.4 million from our may 2013 equity offering, $177.5 million from our august 2013 equity offering, $450.0 million from our september 2013 senior note offering and (b) net borrowings of $10.0 million under our revolving credit facility. in both 2014 and 2013, these proceeds were used primarily to acquire property and fund our drilling costs.
senior notes on september 18, 2013, we completed an offering of $450.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.625% senior unsecured notes due 2021, which we refer to as the senior notes. the senior notes bear interest at the rate of 7.625% per annum, payable semi-annually, in arrears on april 1 and october 1 of each year and will mature on october 1, 2021. on june 23, 2014, in connection with the viper offering, we designated viper, the general partner and viper energy partners llc, as unrestricted subsidiaries and, upon such designation, viper energy llc, which was a guarantor under the indenture governing of the senior notes, was released as a guarantor under the indenture. as of december 31, 2015, the senior notes were fully and unconditionally guaranteed by diamondback o&g llc, diamondback e&p llc and white fang energy llc and will also be guaranteed by any of our future restricted subsidiaries. the net proceeds from the senior notes were used to fund the acquisition of mineral interests underlying approximately 14,804 gross (12,687 net) acres in midland county, texas in the permian basin.
the senior notes were issued under, and are governed by, an indenture among us, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and wells fargo bank, n.a., as the trustee, as amended and supplemented, or the indenture. we may issue additional senior notes under the indenture, and all senior notes issued under the indenture will constitute part of a single class of securities for all purposes of the indenture. the indenture contains certain covenants that, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, make certain investments, declare or pay dividends or make other distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, capital stock, prepay subordinated indebtedness, sell assets including capital stock of subsidiaries, agree to payment restrictions affecting our restricted subsidiaries, consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, enter into transactions with affiliates, incur liens, engage in business other than the oil and gas business and designate certain of our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. if we experience certain kinds of changes of control or if we sell certain of our assets, holders of the senior notes may have the right to require us to repurchase their senior notes.
we have the option to redeem the senior notes, in whole or in part, at any time on or after october 1, 2016 at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) of 105.719% for the 12-month period beginning on october 1, 2016, 103.813% for the 12-month period beginning on october 1, 2017, 101.906% for the 12-month period beginning on october 1, 2018 and 100.000% beginning on october 1, 2019 and at any time thereafter with any accrued and unpaid interest
to, but not including, the date of redemption. in addition, prior to october 1, 2016, we may redeem all or a part of the senior notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, plus a "make-whole" premium at the redemption date. furthermore, before october 1, 2016, we may, at any time or from time to time, redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the senior notes with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price of 107.625% of the principal amount of the senior notes being redeemed plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption, if at least 65% of the aggregate principal amount of the senior notes originally issued under the indenture remains outstanding immediately after such redemption and the redemption occurs within 120 days of the closing date of such equity offering.
in connection with the issuance of the senior notes, we and the subsidiary guarantors entered into a registration rights agreement with the initial purchasers on september 18, 2013, pursuant to which we and the subsidiary guarantors agreed to offer to exchange the senior notes for a new issue of substantially identical debt securities registered under the securities act. the exchange offer was completed on october 23, 2014.
second amended and restated credit facility our second amended and restated credit agreement, dated november 1, 2013, as amended on june 9, 2014 and november 13, 2014, with a syndicate of banks, including wells fargo, as administrative agent, sole book runner and lead arranger, provides for a revolving credit facility in the maximum amount of $2.0 billion, subject to scheduled semi-annual and other elective collateral borrowing base redeterminations based on our oil and natural gas reserves and other factors. the borrowing base is scheduled to be re-determined semi-annually with effective dates of may 1st and november 1st. in addition, we may request up to three additional redeterminations of the borrowing base during any 12-month period. as of december 31, 2015, the borrowing base was set at $750.0 million, although we elected a commitment amount of $500.0 million. as of december 31, 2015, we had outstanding borrowings of $11.0 million, which bore a weighted-average interest rate of 1.92%, and $489.0 million available for future borrowings under this facility.
the june 9, 2014 amendment modified certain provisions of the credit agreement to, among other things, allow us to designate one or more of our subsidiaries as "unrestricted subsidiaries" that are not subject to certain restrictions contained in the credit agreement. in connection with the viper offering, we designated viper, the general partner and viper energy partners llc as unrestricted subsidiaries under the credit agreement. as of december 31, 2015, the loan was guaranteed by us, diamondback e&p llc and white fang energy llc and will also be guaranteed by any of our future restricted subsidiaries. the credit agreement is also secured by substantially all of our assets and the assets of diamondback o&g llc and the guarantors.
the outstanding borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at a rate elected by us that is equal to an alternative base rate (which is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and 3-month libor plus 1.0%) or libor, in each case plus the applicable margin. the applicable margin ranges from 0.50% to 1.50% in the case of the alternative base rate and from 1.50% to 2.50% in the case of libor, in each case depending on the amount of the loan outstanding in relation to the borrowing base. we are obligated to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging from 0.375% to 0.500% per year on the unused portion of the borrowing base, which fee is also dependent on the amount of the loan outstanding in relation to the borrowing base. loan principal may be optionally repaid from time to time without premium or penalty (other than customary libor breakage), and is required to be repaid (a) to the extent that the loan amount exceeds the borrowing base, whether due to a borrowing base redetermination or otherwise (in some cases subject to a cure period), (b) in an amount equal to the net cash proceeds from the sale of property when a borrowing base deficiency or event of default exists under the credit agreement and (c) at the maturity date of november 1, 2018.
the credit agreement contains various affirmative, negative and financial maintenance covenants. these covenants, among other things, limit additional indebtedness, additional liens, sales of assets, mergers and consolidations, dividends and distributions, transactions with affiliates and entering into certain swap agreements and require the maintenance of the financial ratios described below.
financial covenant                                                           required ratio ratio of total debt to ebitdax                                               not greater than 4.0 to 1.0
ratio of current assets to liabilities, as defined in the credit agreement   not less than 1.0 to 1.0
the covenant prohibiting additional indebtedness allows for the issuance of unsecured debt of up to $750.0 million in the form of senior or senior subordinated notes and, in connection with any such issuance, the reduction of the borrowing base by 25% of the stated principal amount of each such issuance. a borrowing base reduction in connection with such issuance may
as of december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with all financial covenants under our revolving credit facility. the lenders may accelerate all of the indebtedness under our revolving credit facility upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default. the credit agreement contains customary events of default, including non-payment, breach of covenants, materially incorrect representations, cross-default, bankruptcy and change of control. with certain specified exceptions, the terms and provisions of our revolving credit facility generally may be amended with the consent of the lenders holding a majority of the outstanding loans or commitments to lend.
viper's facility-wells fargo bank on july 8, 2014, viper entered into a secured revolving credit agreement with wells fargo bank, as the administrative agent, sole book runner and lead arranger. the credit agreement, which was amended august 15, 2014 to add additional lenders to the lending group, provides for a revolving credit facility in the maximum amount of $500.0 million, subject to scheduled semi-annual and other elective collateral borrowing base redeterminations based on viper's oil and natural gas reserves and other factors. the borrowing base is scheduled to be re-determined semi-annually with effective dates of april 1st and october 1st. in addition, viper may request up to three additional redeterminations of the borrowing base during any 12-month period. the credit agreement was further amended on may 22, 2015 to, among other things, increase the borrowing base from $110.0 million to $175.0 million and to provide for certain restrictions on purchasing margin stock. on november 13, 2015, the borrowing base was increased from $175.0 million to $200.0 million. as of december 31, 2015, the borrowing base was set at $200.0 million. viper had $34.5 million outstanding under its credit agreement.
the outstanding borrowings under viper's credit agreement bear interest at a rate elected by viper that is equal to an alternative base rate (which is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.5% and 3-month libor plus 1.0%) or libor, in each case plus the applicable margin. the applicable margin ranges from 0.50% to 1.50% in the case of the alternative base rate and from 1.50% to 2.50% in the case of libor, in each case depending on the amount of the loan outstanding in relation to the borrowing base. viper is obligated to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging from 0.375% to 0.500% per year on the unused portion of the borrowing base, which fee is also dependent on the amount of the loan outstanding in relation to the borrowing base. loan principal may be optionally repaid from time to time without premium or penalty (other than customary libor breakage), and is required to be repaid (a) to the extent that the loan amount exceeds the borrowing base, whether due to a borrowing base redetermination or otherwise (in some cases subject to a cure period) and (b) at the maturity date of july 8, 2019. the loan is secured by substantially all of the assets of viper and its subsidiaries.
the viper credit agreement contains various affirmative, negative and financial maintenance covenants. these covenants, among other things, limit additional indebtedness, purchases of margin stock, additional liens, sales of assets, mergers and consolidations, dividends and distributions, transactions with affiliates and entering into certain swap agreements and require the maintenance of the financial ratios described below.
financial covenant                                                           required ratio ratio of total debt to ebitdax                                               not greater than 4.0 to 1.0
ratio of current assets to liabilities, as defined in the credit agreement   not less than 1.0 to 1.0
the covenant prohibiting additional indebtedness allows for the issuance of unsecured debt of up to $250.0 million in the form of senior unsecured notes and, in connection with any such issuance, the reduction of the borrowing base by 25% of the stated principal amount of each such issuance. a borrowing base reduction in connection with such issuance may require a portion of the outstanding principal of the loan to be repaid.
the lenders may accelerate all of the indebtedness under viper's revolving credit facility upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default. the viper's credit agreement contains customary events of default, including non-payment, breach of covenants, materially incorrect representations, cross-default, bankruptcy and change of control. there are no cure periods for events of default due to non-payment of principal and breaches of negative and financial covenants, but non-payment of interest and breaches of certain affirmative covenants are subject to customary cure periods.
capital requirements and sources of liquidity our board of directors approved a 2016 capital budget for drilling and infrastructure of $250.0 million to $375.0 million, representing a decrease of 26% over our 2015 capital budget. we estimate that, of these expenditures, approximately:
•   $15.0 million to $25.0 million will be spent on non-operated activity and other expenditures.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, our aggregate capital expenditures for drilling and infrastructure were $419.5 million. we do not have a specific acquisition budget since the timing and size of acquisitions cannot be accurately forecasted. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we spent approximately $437.5 million on acquisitions of leasehold interests.
the amount and timing of these capital expenditures is largely discretionary and within our control. we could choose to defer a portion of these planned capital expenditures depending on a variety of factors, including but not limited to the success of our drilling activities, prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and natural gas, the availability of necessary equipment, infrastructure and capital, the receipt and timing of required regulatory permits and approvals, seasonal conditions, drilling and acquisition costs and the level of participation by other interest owners. we currently intend to release one of our three horizontal drilling rigs in march 2016 and we have the option to release a second rig in the second quarter of 2016.
based upon current oil and natural gas price and production expectations for 2016, we believe that our cash flow from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations through year-end 2016. however, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the level of oil and natural gas production and prices, and significant additional capital expenditures will be required to more fully develop our properties. further, our 2016 capital expenditure budget does not allocate any funds for leasehold interest and property acquisitions.
we monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to success or lack of success in drilling activities, changes in prices, availability of financing, drilling and acquisition costs, industry conditions, the timing of regulatory approvals, the availability of rigs, contractual obligations, internally generated cash flow and other factors both within and outside our control. if we require additional capital, we may seek such capital through traditional reserve base borrowings, joint venture partnerships, production payment financing, asset sales, offerings of debt and or equity securities or other means. we cannot assure you that the needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. if we are unable to obtain funds when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our drilling programs, which could result in a loss of acreage through lease expirations. in addition, we may not be able to complete acquisitions that may be favorable to us or finance the capital expenditures necessary to replace our reserves. further, if the decline in commodity continues, our revenues, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity and reserves may be materially and adversely affected.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2015:
secured revolving credit facility(1)                                       $-               $11,000             $-                             $-                 $11,000
interest expense related to the secured revolving credit facility       2,813                 4,454             -                               -                  $7,267
viper's secured revolving credit facility(1)                                -                     -             -                          34,500                 $34,500
interest and commitment fees under viper's credit agreement(3)          2,636       750                         1,500             386                              $5,272
drilling commitments(5)                                                29,536                36,759         589                                 -                 $66,884
(1)   includes the outstanding principal amount under the revolving credit facilities, the table does not include interest expense or other fees payable under this floating rate facility as we cannot predict the timing of future borrowings and repayments or interest rates to be charged.
(3)   includes only the minimum amount of interest and commitment fees due which, as of december 31, 2015, includes a commitment fee equal to 0.375% per year of the unused portion of the borrowing base of viper's credit agreement.
(4)   amounts represent our estimates of future asset retirement obligations. because these costs typically extend many years into the future, estimating these future costs requires management to make estimates and judgments that are subject to future revisions based upon numerous factors, including the rate of inflation, changing technology and the political and regulatory environment. see note 6 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements set forth in part iv, item 15 of this form 10-k.
(5)   drilling commitments represent future minimum expenditure commitments for drilling rig services under contracts to which the company was a party on december 31, 2015.
critical accounting policies the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. below, we have provided expanded discussion of our more significant accounting policies, estimates and judgments. we believe these accounting policies reflect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in preparation of our financial statements. see note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in part iv, item 15 of this form 10-k.
use of estimates certain amounts included in or affecting our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures must be estimated by our management, requiring certain assumptions to be made with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared. these estimates and assumptions affect the amounts we report for assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. actual results could differ from those estimates.
we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis, using historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances. nevertheless, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates. any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include estimates of proved oil and gas reserves and related present value estimates of future net cash flows therefrom, the carrying value of oil and natural gas properties, asset retirement obligations, the fair value determination of acquired assets and liabilities, equity-based compensation, fair value estimates of commodity derivatives and estimates of income taxes.
method of accounting for oil and natural gas properties we account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting. accordingly, all costs incurred in the acquisition, exploration and development of proved oil and natural gas properties, including the costs of abandoned properties, dry holes, geophysical costs and annual lease rentals are capitalized. we also capitalize direct operating costs for services performed with internally owned drilling and well servicing equipment. internal costs capitalized to the full cost pool represent management's estimate of costs incurred directly related to exploration and development activities such as geological and other administrative costs associated with overseeing the exploration and development activities. all internal costs unrelated to drilling activities are expensed as incurred. sales or other dispositions of oil and natural gas properties are accounted for as adjustments to capitalized costs, with no gain or loss recorded unless the ratio of cost to proved reserves would significantly change. income from services provided to working interest owners of properties in which we also own an interest, to the extent they exceed related costs incurred, are accounted for as reductions of capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties. depletion of evaluated oil and natural gas properties is computed on the units of production method, whereby capitalized costs plus estimated future development costs are amortized over total proved reserves.
costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until we have made a determination as to the existence of proved reserves. we assess all items classified as unevaluated property on an annual basis for possible impairment. we assess properties on an individual basis or as a group if properties are individually insignificant. the assessment includes consideration of the following factors, among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. during any period in which these factors indicate an impairment, the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization.
oil and natural gas reserve quantities and standardized measure of future net revenue our independent engineers and technical staff prepare our estimates of oil and natural gas reserves and associated future net revenues. the sec has defined proved reserves as the estimated quantities of oil and gas which geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. the process of estimating oil and gas reserves is complex, requiring significant decisions in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data. the data for a given property may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors, including additional development activity, evolving production history and a continual reassessment of the viability of production under changing economic conditions. as a result, material revisions to existing reserve estimates occur from time to time. although every reasonable effort is made to ensure that reserve estimates reported represent the most accurate assessments possible, the subjective decisions and variances in available data for various properties increase the likelihood of significant changes in these estimates. if such changes are material, they could significantly affect future amortization of capitalized costs and result in impairment of assets that may be material.
there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved oil and natural gas reserves. oil and natural gas reserve engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be precisely measured and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. results of drilling, testing and production subsequent to the date of the estimate may justify revision of such estimate. accordingly, reserve estimates are often different from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered.
revenue recognition oil and natural gas revenues are recorded when title passes to the purchaser, net of royalty interests, discounts and allowances, as applicable. we account for oil and natural gas production imbalances using the sales method, whereby a liability is recorded when our volumes exceed our estimated remaining recoverable reserves. no receivables are recorded for those wells where we have taken less than our ownership share of production. we did not have any gas imbalances as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. revenues from oil and natural gas services are recognized as services are provided.
impairment we use the full cost method of accounting for our oil and natural gas properties. under this method, all acquisition, exploration and development costs, including certain internal costs, are capitalized and amortized on a composite unit of production method based on proved oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas reserves. internal costs capitalized to the full cost pool represent management's estimate of costs incurred directly related to exploration and development activities such as geological and other administrative costs associated with overseeing the exploration and development activities. all internal costs not directly associated with exploration and development activities were charged to expense as they were incurred. costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until we have made a determination as to the existence of proved reserves. the inclusion of our unevaluated costs into the amortization base is expected to be completed within three to five years. sales of oil and natural gas properties, whether or not being amortized currently, are accounted for as adjustments of capitalized costs, with no gain or loss recognized, unless such adjustments would significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and proved reserves of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas.
under this method of accounting, we are required to perform a ceiling test each quarter. the test determines a limit, or ceiling, on the book value of the proved oil and gas properties. net capitalized costs are limited to the lower of unamortized cost net of deferred income taxes, or the cost center ceiling. the cost center ceiling is defined as the sum of (a) estimated future net revenues, discounted at 10% per annum, from proved reserves, based on the trailing 12-month unweighted average of the first-day-of-the-month price, adjusted for any contract provisions and excluding the estimated abandonment costs for properties with asset retirement obligations recorded on the balance sheet, (b) the cost of properties not being amortized, if any, and (c) the lower of cost or market value of unproved properties included in the cost being amortized, including related deferred taxes for differences between the book and tax basis of the oil and natural gas properties. if the net book value, including related deferred taxes, exceeds the ceiling, an impairment or non-cash writedown is required.
asset retirement obligations we measure the future cost to retire our tangible long-lived assets and recognize such cost as a liability for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction or normal operation of a long-lived asset. the fair value of a liability for an asset's retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made and the corresponding cost is capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. the liability is accreted to its then present value each period, and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. if the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount, the difference is recorded in oil and natural gas properties.
our asset retirement obligations primarily relate to the future plugging and abandonment of wells and related facilities. estimating the future restoration and removal costs is difficult and requires management to make estimates and judgments because most of the removal obligations are many years in the future and asset removal technologies and costs are constantly changing, as are regulatory, political, environmental, safety and public relations considerations. we estimate the future plugging and abandonment costs of wells, the ultimate productive life of the properties, a risk-adjusted discount rate and an inflation factor in order to determine the current present value of this obligation. to the extent future revisions to these assumptions impact the present value of the existing asset retirement obligation liability, a corresponding adjustment is made to the oil and gas property balance.
derivatives from time to time, we have used energy derivatives for the purpose of mitigating the risk resulting from fluctuations in the market price of crude oil. we recognize all of our derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value. the accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and further on the type of hedging relationship. none of our derivatives were designated as hedging instruments during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. for derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, changes in the fair value of these instruments are recognized in earnings during the period of change.
accounting for equity-based compensation we grant various types of equity-based awards including stock options and restricted stock units. these plans and related accounting policies are defined and described more fully in note 10-equity-based compensation. stock compensation awards are measured at fair value on the date of grant and are expensed, net of estimated forfeitures, over the required service period.
income taxes we use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of (1) temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and (2) operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred income tax assets and liabilities are based on enacted tax rates applicable to the future period when those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period the rate change is enacted. a valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers". this update supersedes most of the existing revenue recognition requirements in gaap and requires (i) an entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services and (ii) requires expanded disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing, and certainty of revenue and cash flows from contracts with customers. the standard will be effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017, with early application not permitted. the standard allows for either full retrospective adoption, meaning the standard is applied to all periods presented in the financial statements, or modified retrospective adoption, meaning the standard is applied only to the most current period presented. we are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption of this update will have on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity.
in april 2015, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update 2015-03, "interest-imputation of interest". this update requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability (except costs associated with revolving debt arrangements) be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from that debt liability, consistent with the presentation of a debt discount to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. the standard will be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2015, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2016. early application will be permitted for financial statements that have not previously been issued. adoption of the new guidance will only affect the presentation of our consolidated balance sheets and will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in july 2015, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update 2015-11, "inventory". this update applies to all inventory that is not measured using last-in, first-out or the retail inventory method. under this update, an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. this standard will be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. this standard should be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. we are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this update will have on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity.
in november 2015, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update 2015-17, "income taxes". this update requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. the standard will be effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. early application will be permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. this standard may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. adoption of the new guidance will only affect the presentation of our consolidated balance sheets and will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
inflation inflation in the united states has been relatively low in recent years and did not have a material impact on results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. although the impact of inflation has been insignificant in recent years, it is still a factor in the united states economy and we tend to experience inflationary pressure on the cost of oilfield services and equipment as increasing oil and gas prices increase drilling activity in our areas of operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015. please read note 15 included in notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in part iv, item 15 of this form 10-k, for a discussion of our commitments and contingencies, some of which are not recognized in the balance sheets under gaap.