item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements about our plans and expectations of what may happen in the future. forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and our results could differ materially from the results anticipated by our forward-looking statements as a result of many known and unknown factors, including but not limited to those discussed in "item 1a - risk factors" of this annual report. see "cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements" located above "item 1 - business."
you should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with "item 6 - selected financial data" and "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data" appearing elsewhere in this annual report.
general we are a leading worldwide provider of payment technology services delivering innovative solutions to our customers. our partnerships, technologies and employee expertise enable us to provide a broad range of services that allow our customers to accept various payment types. we distribute our services across a variety of channels to merchants and partners in 29 countries throughout north america, europe, the asia-pacific region and brazil. we provide payment and digital commerce solutions and operate in two reportable segments: north america merchant services and international merchant services. based on growth, strategic acquisitions and a realigned management structure, beginning in fiscal 2016, we replaced our international merchant services segment with two new segments: europe and asia-pacific. accordingly, in fiscal 2016, we will begin presenting three geographic segments - north america, europe and asia-pacific.
we were incorporated in georgia as global payments inc. in 2000 and spun-off from our former parent company in 2001. including our time as part of our former parent company, we have been in the payments business since 1967. global payments inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to collectively as "global payments," the "company," "we," "our" or "us," unless the context requires otherwise.
our north america merchant services and international merchant services segments target customers in many industries including financial services, gaming, government, health care, professional services, restaurants, retail, universities, not-for-profit organizations and utilities.
our offerings enable merchants to accept card, electronic, check and digital-based payments at the point of sale. our primary business model provides payment services directly to merchants as our customers. we also provide similar services to financial institutions and a limited number of isos that, in turn, resell our services, in which case the financial institutions and select isos are our customers. these particular services are marketed in the united states, canada and parts of europe.
the majority of merchant services revenue is generated on services priced as a percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction, depending on card type. we also charge other fees based on specific services that are unrelated to the number of transactions or the transaction value.
our services are marketed through a variety of sales channels that include a direct sales force, trade associations, agent and enterprise software providers and referral arrangements with value-added resellers, isos, as well as proprietary telesales groups. we seek to leverage the continued shift to electronic payments by expanding market share in our existing markets through our distribution channels or through acquisitions in north america, the asia-pacific region and europe, and investing in and leveraging technology and people, thereby maximizing shareholder value. we also seek to enter new markets through acquisitions in europe, the asia-pacific region and the latin america region.
our business does not have pronounced seasonality in which more than 30% of our revenues occur in one fiscal quarter. however, each geographic channel has somewhat higher and lower quarters given the nature of the portfolio. while there is some variation in seasonality across markets, the first and fourth fiscal quarters are generally the strongest, and the third fiscal quarter tends to be the weakest due to lower volumes processed in the months of january and february.
executive overview in fiscal 2015, revenues increased 8.6% to $2,773.7 million from $2,554.2 million in fiscal 2014, reflecting growth in most of our markets despite the unfavorable effect of currency fluctuations.
consolidated operating income was $456.6 million for fiscal 2015 compared to $405.5 million for fiscal 2014. net income attributable to global payments increased $32.8 million, or 13.4%, to $278.0 million in fiscal 2015 from $245.3 million in the prior year. diluted earnings per share increased $0.75 to $4.12 in fiscal 2015 from $3.37 in fiscal 2014.
north america merchant services segment revenues increased $159.9 million, or 8.8%, to $1,968.9 million in fiscal 2015 from $1,809.0 million in fiscal 2014. north america merchant services segment operating income increased to $293.1 million in fiscal 2015 from $272.3 million in fiscal 2014, with operating margins of 14.9% and 15.0% for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. the growth in the north america merchant services segment was primarily due to growth in our u.s. direct distribution channels, including our integrated solutions business, which also reflects the addition of payment processing, inc. ("paypros"), partially offset by unfavorable effects of currency fluctuations in canada.
international merchant services segment revenues increased $59.6 million, or 8.0%, to $804.8 million in fiscal 2015 from $745.2 million in fiscal 2014. international merchant services operating income increased to $279.7 million in fiscal 2015 from $240.2 million in fiscal 2014, with operating margins of 34.8% and 32.2% for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. the growth in the international merchant services segment for fiscal 2015 included growth in both europe and the asia-pacific region. revenue growth in europe was driven primarily by card transaction and volume growth and a decrease in interchange rates in spain, an increase in service fees in the united kingdom and growth in our e-commerce channel, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of currency fluctuations and weakness in russia. revenue growth in the asia-pacific region was primarily due to growth in card transactions and volume, including increases from the acquisition of ezi holdings pty ltd ("ezidebit"), as described below, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of currency fluctuations.
on october 10, 2014, we completed the acquisition of ezidebit for aud302.6 million in cash ($266.0 million equivalent as of the acquisition date). this acquisition was funded by a combination of cash on hand and borrowings on our revolving credit facility. ezidebit is a leading integrated payments company focused on recurring payments verticals in australia and new zealand. ezidebit markets its services through a network of integrated software vendors and direct channels to numerous vertical markets. we acquired ezidebit to establish a direct distribution channel in australia and new zealand and to further enhance our existing integrated solutions offerings.
on march 25, 2015, we acquired approximately 95% of the outstanding shares of pay and shop limited for €110.2 million in cash ($118.9 million equivalent as of the acquisition date) funded by borrowings on our revolving credit facility. pay and shop limited, which does business as realex payments, is a leading european online payment gateway technology provider based in dublin, ireland. this transaction furthers our strategy to provide omni-channel solutions that combine gateway services, payment service provisioning and merchant acquiring across europe.
on september 30, 2014, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with certegy check services, inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of fidelity national information services, inc. ("fis"), to acquire substantially all of the assets of its gaming business related to licensed gaming operators (the "fis gaming business"). on june 1, 2015, after the end of fiscal 2015, we completed the acquisition, which includes approximately 260 gaming client locations, for $237.5 million in cash, funded from borrowings on our revolving credit facility and cash on hand. we acquired the fis gaming business to expand our direct distribution and service offerings in the gaming industry.
on december 17, 2014, we announced an agreement with bank of the philippine islands ("bpi") to provide merchant acquiring and payment services in the philippines. we believe this arrangement will enable us to expand our direct distribution in the philippines, further leverage our technological strengths and provide superior product and service offerings to customers in the philippines. under this arrangement, bpi will contribute its existing merchant acquiring business to our subsidiary in the philippines, global payments asia-pacific philippines incorporated ("gp philippines"), in return for a 49% ownership interest in gp philippines and a cash payment of $3.6 million. we will retain a controlling 51% interest in gp philippines. we expect the acquisition to close late in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and satisfaction of customary closing conditions.
on july 27, 2015, we announced an agreement with caixabank, s.a. ("caixabank") and erste group bank ag ("erste group") to form a venture to provide merchant acquiring and payment services in three core central and eastern europe locations: the czech republic, the slovak republic and romania. as part of the agreement, global payments and caixabank will form an entity, of which global payments will have a 51 percent majority interest. this newly formed entity will pay €30 million ($33 million equivalent as of the agreement date) in cash to acquire a 51 percent majority ownership in the venture with erste group, which will contribute its existing merchant acquiring businesses in each of the three countries to the venture and hold a 49 percent interest. the transaction is expected to close in the second half of fiscal 2016, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and satisfaction of customary closing conditions.
see "note 3 - business and intangible asset acquisitions and joint ventures" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these acquisitions.
results of operations revenues the majority of merchant services revenue is generated by services priced as a percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction, depending on card type. we also charge other fees based on specific services that are unrelated to the number or value of transactions. these revenues depend upon a number of factors, such as demand for and price of our services, the technological competitiveness of our offerings, our reputation for providing timely and reliable service, competition within our industry and general economic conditions.
in direct merchant acquiring, we provide payment services to merchants and fund settlement either directly, in markets where we have direct membership with the payment networks, or through our relationship with a member bank in markets where we are sponsored. revenues for direct merchant services are recognized in the amount of merchant billing net of interchange. we market our direct merchant services through a variety of sales channels, including a direct sales force, trade associations, agent and enterprise software providers and referral arrangements with value-added resellers, which we generally refer to as "direct distribution." we also sell through our iso channel, in which case, the iso receives a share of the merchant profitability in the form of a monthly residual payment, which is reflected as a component of selling, general and administrative expense.
in indirect merchant acquiring, the partner, typically a financial institution or an iso, is our customer. we provide payment services to the indirect customer's merchants, but do not provide sponsorship or funds settlement. we bill the indirect customer fees for transactions and various other services, which are recognized as revenue.
operating expenses cost of service cost of service consists primarily of salaries, wages and related expenses paid to operations and technology-related personnel, including those who monitor our transaction processing systems and settlement functions; assessments and other fees paid to card networks; the cost of transaction processing systems, including third-party services; the cost of network telecommunications capability; depreciation and occupancy costs associated with the facilities performing these functions; amortization of intangible assets and provisions for operating losses.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of commissions paid to isos, independent contractors and other third parties; salaries, wages and related expenses paid to sales personnel, non-revenue producing customer support functions, administrative employees and management; other selling expenses; occupancy costs of leased space directly related to these functions; share-based compensation expense and advertising costs.
operating income and operating margin for the purpose of discussing segment operations, we refer to "operating income," which is calculated by subtracting segment direct expenses from segment revenues. overhead and shared expenses, including share-based compensation, are not allocated to segment operations; they are reported in the caption "corporate." similarly, we refer to "operating margin" regarding segment operations, which is calculated by dividing segment operating income by segment revenues.
the following table sets forth key selected financial data for the years ended may 31, 2015 and 2014, this data as a percentage of total revenues, and the changes between fiscal years in dollars and as a percentage of fiscal 2014.
(dollar amounts in thousands)                        2015          % of revenue(1)                    2014          % of revenue(1)                 change             % change revenues:
united states                              $1,655,872               59.7         %          $1,488,659               58.3         %          $167,213               11.2      %
processing system intrusion                         -                  -         %              (7,000   )           (0.3        )%             7,000             (100.0     )%
operating income (loss) for segments:
operating margin for segments:
(2) includes a processing system intrusion credit of $7.0 million in fiscal 2014.
revenues for fiscal 2015 revenues increased 8.6% to $2,773.7 million compared to the prior year, reflecting growth in most of our markets, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. for the year ended may 31, 2015, currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our revenues by $78.4 million compared to the prior year, calculated by converting fiscal 2015 revenues in local currency using fiscal 2014 exchange rates.
north america merchant services segment. for fiscal 2015, revenues from our north america merchant services segment increased 8.8% to $1,968.9 million compared to the prior year despite the effect of the unfavorable effect of currency fluctuations in canada. u.s. revenue growth was driven by growth in our direct distribution channels, including our integrated solutions business, which also reflects the addition of paypros.
for fiscal 2015, canada revenues decreased 2.3% to $313.0 million due to the unfavorable effect of changes in exchange rates, which outweighed revenue growth achieved in local currency resulting from stable business performance and selective pricing initiatives.
international merchant services segment. for fiscal 2015, international merchant services revenues increased 8.0% to $804.8 million compared to the prior year despite the effect of unfavorable currency fluctuations in europe and the asia-pacific region. our europe merchant services revenues for fiscal 2015 increased 4.9% to $616.0 million compared to the prior year driven primarily by card transaction and volume growth and a decrease in interchange rates in spain, service fee growth in the united kingdom and growth in our e-commerce channel, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of changes in exchange rates and weakness in russia.
asia-pacific merchant services revenues for fiscal 2015 increased 19.7% to $188.9 million compared to the prior year due largely to card transaction and volume growth, including the addition of ezidebit, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of changes in exchange rates.
operating expenses cost of service. cost of service increased 7.3% during fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year. as a percentage of revenues, cost of service decreased to 36.8% for fiscal year 2015 compared to 37.3% in the prior year. the increase in cost of service for fiscal 2015 was driven primarily by an increase in the variable costs associated with revenue growth and additional intangible asset amortization and other incremental cost of service associated with our acquisitions of paypros and ezidebit, partially offset by favorable effects of changes in exchange rates.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 7.6% during fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year. as a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to 46.7% for fiscal year 2015 from 47.1% in the prior year. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2015 was primarily due to an increase in commission payments to third-party sales partners and incremental costs related to our acquisitions of paypros and ezidebit.
processing system intrusion. in march 2012, we self-reported unauthorized access into a limited portion of our north america card processing system and potential unauthorized access to servers containing personal information collected from u.s. merchants who applied for processing services. during fiscal 2014, we recorded a credit of $7.0 million for insurance recoveries related to the processing system intrusion.
operating income and operating margin for segments north america merchant services segment. operating income in north america merchant services segment increased 7.7% to $293.1 million for fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year despite the effect of unfavorable currency fluctuations in canada. the increase in operating income was primarily due to growth in our u.s. direct distribution channels, including the addition of paypros to our integrated solutions business, partially offset by intangible asset amortization and other incremental operating costs associated with paypros and the unfavorable effect of exchange rate fluctuations in canada. the operating margin was 14.9% and 15.0% for the fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively.
international merchant services segment. operating income in international merchant services segment increased 16.5% to $279.7 million for fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year despite the effect of unfavorable currency fluctuations in europe and the asia-pacific region. the increase in operating income was driven primarily by revenue growth in spain and the united kingdom, as well as the incremental operating income from our acquisition of ezidebit, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of exchange rate fluctuations in europe and the asia-pacific region and weakness in russia. the operating margin was 34.8% and 32.2% for the fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively. the increase in operating margin reflects increased profitability in spain, higher margin service fee income in the united kingdom and the addition of ezidebit.
corporate. corporate expenses increased 8.7% to $116.3 million for fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year primarily due to settlement of a legal claim in europe during fiscal 2015 and a credit of $7.0 million associated with the processing system intrusion recorded in fiscal 2014.
operating income during fiscal 2015, our consolidated operating income increased 12.6% to $456.6 million from $405.5 million in the prior year. the increase was primarily due to revenue growth in our north america and international merchant services segments partially offset by higher variable costs of services associated with revenue growth, higher intangible asset amortization and other incremental operating costs associated with paypros and ezidebit and the unfavorable effect of exchange rate fluctuations. operating income for fiscal 2014 also reflects the effect of the processing system intrusion credit of $7.0 million.
other income/expense, net other expense, net, increased to $39.5 million for fiscal 2015 compared to $28.1 million in the prior year. the increase is primarily due to a $10.5 million increase in interest expense on our long-term debt and other credit facilities, resulting from an increase in average balances outstanding under those debt facilities, and an increase in equity method losses on investments in unconsolidated entities, partially offset by a reversal of interest expense of $3.6 million that had been accrued related to an unrecognized tax benefit. as of may 31, 2015, we eliminated the liability for an unrecognized tax benefit and reduced interest and other expense in the year ended may 31, 2015 in our accompanying consolidated statement of income. see "note 8 - income tax" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
during fiscal 2014, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $2.1 million in connection with the refinancing of our term loan and revolving credit facilities. in addition, during fiscal 2014, we made a final dividend payment to hsbc asia in the amount of $3.3 million related to a redeemable noncontrolling interest that hsbc asia held in global payments asia-pacific. the dividend was reflected as interest expense in our consolidated statements of income. see "note 3 - business and intangible asset acquisitions and joint ventures-redeemable noncontrolling interest acquisition" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
during fiscal 2014, we recorded a $2.1 million gain in connection with the sale of 50% of our subsidiary in brazil. see "note 3 - business and intangible asset acquisitions and joint ventures-comercia global payments brazil" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rates were 25.9% and 28.5% for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2014 reflects the reduction to the carrying amount of certain u.k. deferred tax assets due to enacted corporate tax rate reductions in the united kingdom of 3 percentage points. our effective tax rate differs from the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to income generated in international jurisdictions with lower tax rates.
noncontrolling interests, net of tax noncontrolling interests, net of tax increased to $31.1 million for fiscal 2015 compared to $24.7 million in the prior year. the increase is due primarily to income growth in spain conducted through comercia global payments, of which we own a controlling 51% interest.
the following table shows key selected financial data for the years ended may 31, 2014 and 2013, this data as a percentage of total revenues, and the changes between fiscal years in dollars and as a percentage of fiscal 2013.
(dollar amounts in thousands)                        2014           % of revenue (1)                    2013           % of revenue (1)                 change             % change revenues:
united states                              $1,488,659                58.3          %          $1,394,675                58.7          %           $93,984                6.7      %
processing system intrusion                    (7,000   )            (0.3         )%              36,775                 1.5          %           (43,775    )        (119.0     )%
operating income (loss) for segments:
operating margin for segments:
(2) includes a processing system intrusion credit of $7.0 million in fiscal 2014 and a charge of $36.8 million in fiscal 2013.
revenues for fiscal 2014, revenues increased 7.5% to $2,554.2 million compared to the prior year, reflecting growth in all of our markets. our revenues were affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. for fiscal 2014, currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our revenues by $10.8 million compared to the prior year, calculated by converting fiscal 2014 revenues in local currency using fiscal 2013 rates.
north america merchant services segment. for fiscal 2014, revenues from our north america merchant services segment increased 6.1% to $1,809.0 million compared to the prior year. north america revenue growth was driven by our u.s. direct distribution channels, including paypros, as well as our iso channels and growth in canada. we grew our u.s. revenues primarily by adding small and mid-market merchants in diversified vertical markets. for fiscal 2014, our u.s. credit and debit card processed transactions grew 6.6% compared to the prior year, excluding the effect of paypros.
for fiscal 2014, our canadian revenues increased 3.0% to $320.3 million primarily due to credit card transaction growth and assessment-based pricing changes, partially offset by unfavorable changes in exchange rates. for fiscal 2014, our total canadian transactions grew 2.5% compared to the prior year, including 4.6% growth in credit card transactions.
international merchant services segment. for fiscal 2014, international merchant services revenues increased 11.2% to $745.2 million compared to the prior year. our europe merchant services revenues for fiscal 2014 increased 12.4% to $587.5 million compared to the prior year driven primarily by transaction growth in all markets as well as growth in our e-commerce services. asia-pacific merchant services revenues for fiscal 2014 increased 6.9% to $157.8 million compared to the prior year due largely to pricing increases and new assessments.
operating expenses cost of service. cost of service increased 10.5% during fiscal 2014 compared to the prior year, driven primarily by an increase in the variable costs associated with revenue growth and an increase in amortization expense associated with our acquisitions of accelerated payment technologies ("apt") and paypros. as a percentage of revenues, cost of service increased to 37.3% for fiscal year 2014 from 36.3% in the prior year.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 7.5% during fiscal 2014 compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in commission payments to isos, incremental costs related to our acquisitions of apt and paypros, acceleration of equity awards and other costs associated with the retirement of our former chairman and chief executive officer and charges related to employee termination benefits. as a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses remained unchanged at 47.1% for fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013.
processing system intrusion. during fiscal 2014, we recorded a credit of $7.0 million related to insurance recoveries associated with the processing system intrusion described above, and during fiscal 2013, we recorded a $36.8 million charge related to the incident.
operating income and operating margin for segments north america merchant services segment. operating income in north america merchant services segment increased 5.2% to $272.3 million for fiscal 2014 compared to the prior year. the increase in operating income was primarily due to the increases in transactions and volume in our u.s. direct distribution channels, as well as growth in canada. this increase was partially offset by amortization and other incremental costs associated with our acquisitions of apt and paypros and unfavorable changes in exchange rates in canada. the operating margin was 15.0% and 15.2% for the fiscal years 2014 and 2013, respectively.
international merchant services segment. operating income in international merchant services segment increased 13.7% to $240.2 million for fiscal 2014 compared to the prior year. the increase in operating income was driven primarily by increased transactions and volume in europe and the asia-pacific region as well as pricing increases in the asia-pacific region. the operating margin was 32.2% and 31.5% for the fiscal years 2014 and 2013, respectively.
corporate. our corporate expenses decreased 5.3% to$106.9 million for fiscal 2014 compared to the prior year primarily due a decrease in costs associated with the processing system intrusion partially offset by higher data security expenses and share-based compensation expense. corporate operating expenses includes a processing system intrusion credit of $7.0 million for fiscal 2014 and a charge of $36.8 million for fiscal 2013.
operating income during fiscal 2014, our consolidated operating income increased 13.5% to $405.5 million from $357.2 million in the prior year. the increase was primarily due to revenue growth in our north america and international merchant services segments offset by higher variable costs of services associated with revenue growth, higher amortization and other incremental costs associated with acquisitions, higher data security expenses and acceleration of equity awards and other costs associated with the retirement of our former chairman and chief executive officer and charges related to employee termination benefits. operating income also reflects the processing system intrusion credit of $7.0 million and charge of $36.8 million for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013, respectively.
other income/expense, net other expense, net, increased to $28.1 million for fiscal 2014 compared to $22.9 million in the prior year. the increase is primarily due to an $8.2 million increase in interest expense associated with debt and the loss on extinguishment of debt of $2.1 million that we recorded in connection with the refinancing of our term loan and revolving credit facility; offset by a $5.1 million reduction in the amount of dividends paid to hsbc asia related to a redeemable noncontrolling interest that hsbc asia held in global payments asia-pacific. such dividends are reflected as interest expense in our consolidated statements of income. see "note 3 - business and intangible asset acquisition and joint ventures-redeemable noncontrolling interest acquisition" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rates were 28.5% and 28.6% for the years ended may 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the effective tax rates for the years ended may 31, 2014 and 2013 reflect adjustments to our u.k. deferred tax asset due to corporate tax rate reductions in the united kingdom of 3 percentage points and 2 percentage points, respectively. our effective tax rates differ from u.s. statutory rates primarily due to income generated in lower tax jurisdictions due to international expansion.
noncontrolling interests, net of tax noncontrolling interests, net of tax increased to $24.7 million for fiscal 2014 compared to $22.6 million in the prior year. the increase was due primarily to income growth in spain conducted through comercia global payments, of which we own a controlling 51% interest.
liquidity and capital resources a significant portion of our liquidity comes from operating cash flows. cash flow from operations is used to make planned capital investments in our business, to pursue acquisitions that meet our corporate objectives, to pay dividends, and to pay down debt and repurchase shares of our common stock at the discretion of our board of directors. accumulated cash balances are invested in high-quality, marketable short-term instruments.
our capital plan objectives are to support the company's operational needs and strategic plan for long-term growth while maintaining a low cost of capital. short-term lines of credit are used in certain of our markets to fund settlement. other bank financing, such as our corporate credit facility and our term loan, are used for general corporate purposes and to fund acquisitions. we regularly evaluate our liquidity and capital position relative to cash requirements, and we may elect to raise additional funds in the future, either through the issuance of debt, equity or otherwise.
at may 31, 2015, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $650.7 million. of this amount, we consider $195.2 million to be available cash. available cash excludes $417.2 million of settlement-related and merchant reserve cash balances. settlement-related cash balances represent funds that we hold when the incoming amount from the card networks precedes the funding obligation to the merchant. settlement-related cash balances are not restricted; however, these funds are generally paid out in satisfaction of settlement processing obligations the following day. merchant reserve cash balances represent funds collected from our merchants that serve as collateral to minimize contingent liabilities associated with any losses that may occur under the merchant agreement ("merchant reserves"). at may 31, 2015, our cash and cash equivalents included $180.2 million related to merchant reserves. while
this cash is not restricted in its use, we believe that designating this cash to collateralize merchant reserves strengthens our fiduciary standing with our member sponsors and is in accordance with the guidelines set by the card networks.
our available cash balance includes $170.3 million of cash held by foreign subsidiaries whose earnings are considered permanently reinvested for u.s. tax purposes. these cash balances reflect our capital investments in these subsidiaries and the accumulation of cash flows generated by their operations, net of cash flows used to service debt locally and fund acquisitions outside of the united states. we believe that we are able to maintain a sufficient level of liquidity for our domestic operations and commitments without repatriation of the earnings of these foreign subsidiaries. if we were to repatriate some or all of the cash held by such foreign subsidiaries, we do not believe that the associated income tax liabilities would have a significant effect on our liquidity.
during year ended may 31, 2015, we changed from the sponsorship model to a direct membership model in several of our global markets. as a result, for these markets, we have recorded the gross positions of settlement assets and obligations at may 31, 2015 in our consolidated balance sheet; whereas, these positions were reflected on a net basis in the prior year. these changes have had the effect of increasing the settlement processing asset and settlement processing obligation positions in our consolidated balance sheet at may 31, 2015 but had no effect on our net financial position or cash flows. in addition, these balances may vary significantly between reporting periods as the balances are affected by the timing of period-end. see "note 2 - settlement processing assets and obligations" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our accounting and presentation of settlement processing assets and obligations.
operating activities provided net cash of $424.7 million during fiscal 2015 compared to $194.1 million during the prior year. the increase in cash flow from operating activities was primarily due to growth in our earnings and changes in working capital, including settlement processing assets and obligations whose net asset position increased significantly more during fiscal 2014 than during fiscal 2015.
net cash used in investing activities was $440.9 million during fiscal 2015 and $501.7 million in the prior year. during fiscal 2015, we invested net cash of $359.2 million to acquire ezidebit, realex and other assets, including additional investments of $11.4 million in global payments brazil. in fiscal 2014, we acquired paypros and other assets for $426.5 million. we made capital expenditures of $92.6 million and $81.4 million during fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively, including $35.1 million and $39.1 million of capitalized software development costs. during fiscal 2016, we expect capital expenditures to approximate $105.0 million. cash flows from investing activities also included proceeds of $10.4 million received during fiscal 2015 from the sale of a component of our russia business that leased automated teller machines.
during fiscal 2015, we entered into agreements to acquire businesses in the united states and the asia-pacific region: the fis gaming business and the bpi merchant acquiring business, respectively. we completed the acquisition of the fis gaming business on june 1, 2015 for $237.5 million in cash, which was funded from borrowings on our revolving credit facility and cash on hand. late in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, we expect to complete the acquisition of the bpi merchant acquiring business in return for a 49% ownership interest in gp philippines and a cash payment of $3.6 million.
financing activities provided net cash of $141.4 million during fiscal 2015 and $218.9 million in the prior year. during fiscal 2015, net borrowings under long-term debt were $347.9 million compared to $429.4 million in the prior year. borrowings made during fiscal 2015 were used primarily to fund a portion of our business acquisitions. in fiscal 2014, we closed a five-year senior unsecured $1.25 billion term loan facility, paid off previously existing debt of $902.5 million and paid fees and expenses of $6.0 million. in connection with the fiscal 2014 debt refinancing, we entered into a five-year senior unsecured $1 billion revolving credit facility under which we borrowed $140.0 million during the remainder of fiscal 2014. in addition, in fiscal 2015, we made net borrowings on short-term lines of credit used to fund settlement of $198.9 million compared to $252.7 million in the prior year. fluctuations in short-term lines of credit are largely due to the effect of timing of year-end on settlement. cash flows from financing activities also included common stock repurchases of $372.4 million during fiscal 2015 and $447.3 million in the prior year and cash used to fund distributions to noncontrolling interests and dividends to our shareholders.
we believe that our current level of cash and borrowing capacity under our debt facilities together with future cash flows from operations, will be sufficient to meet the needs of our existing operations and planned requirements for the foreseeable future.
long-term debt and credit facilities we have a five-year senior unsecured $1.25 billion term loan that bears interest, at our election, at either libor or a base rate, in each case plus a leverage-based margin. we used proceeds from the term loan to partially fund our acquisition of paypros on march 4, 2014 and to repay the outstanding balances on our previously existing term loan and revolving credit facility. from may 2015 to november 2018, the term loan has scheduled quarterly principal payments of 1.25%, increasing up to 2.50%, of the original principal balance. the term loan expires on february 28, 2019. at maturity, 27.5% of the term loan will have been repaid through scheduled principal payments and the remaining principal balance will be due. with notice, the term loan may be voluntarily prepaid at any time, in whole or in part, without penalty.
we also have a five-year senior unsecured $1 billion revolving credit facility that bears interest, at our election, at either libor or a base rate, in each case plus a leverage-based margin. the revolving credit facility is available for general corporate purposes, and borrowing under the corporate credit facility is available in various currencies. the revolving credit facility allows us to issue standby letters of credit of up to $100 million in the aggregate. outstanding letters of credit under the revolving credit facility reduce the amount of borrowings available to us. borrowings available to us under the revolving credit facility are further limited by the covenants described below under "compliance with covenants." at may 31, 2015 and 2014, we had standby letters of credit of $7.6 million and $8.1 million, respectively. the total available incremental borrowings under our revolving credit facility at may 31, 2015 and 2014 was $484.3 million and $851.9 million, respectively. the revolving credit facility expires on february 28, 2019.
the agreements contain customary affirmative and restrictive covenants, including, among others, financial covenants based on our leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios. see "compliance with covenants" below. each of the agreements includes customary events of default, the occurrence of which, following any applicable cure period, would permit lenders to, among other things, declare the principal, accrued interest and other obligations to be immediately due and payable.
short-term lines of credit we have short-term lines of credit with banks in the united states and canada as well as several countries in europe and asia that are restricted for use in funding settlement. the credit facilities are generally denominated in local currency but may, in some cases, facilitate borrowings in multiple currencies. for certain of our lines of credit, the line of credit balance is reduced by the amount of cash we have on deposit in specific accounts with the lender when determining the available credit. accordingly, the amount of the outstanding line of credit may exceed the stated credit limit when the net position is less than the credit limit. as of may 31, 2015, a total of $193.2 million of cash on deposit was used to determine the available credit.
as of may 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, we had $592.6 million and $440.1 million outstanding under these short-term lines of credit with additional capacity as of may 31, 2015 of $567.5 million to fund settlement. during the year ended may 31, 2015, the maximum and average outstanding balances under these lines of credit were $1,258.7 million and $647.3 million, respectively. our maximum outstanding amount was greater than our period-end balance due to the timing of settlement funding.
compliance with covenants there are certain financial and non-financial covenants contained in our various credit facilities and term loan. our term loan and corporate credit facility agreements include financial covenants requiring (i) a leverage ratio no greater than 3.50 to 1.00 (3.75 to 1.00 in the case of a business acquisition, subject to certain conditions) and (ii) a fixed charge coverage ratio no less than 2.50 to 1.00. we complied with all applicable covenants as of and for the year ended may 31, 2015.
see "note 6 - long-term debt and credit facilities" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our borrowing arrangements.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities whereby we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interest, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or other obligations under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides us with financing, liquidity, market, or credit risk support other than the guarantee services described under "critical accounting policies" below.
bin/ica agreements we have entered into sponsorship or depository and processing agreements with certain banks. these agreements allow us to use the banks' identification numbers, referred to as bank identification number ("bin") for visa transactions and interbank card association ("ica") number for mastercard transactions, to clear credit card transactions through visa and mastercard. certain of such agreements contain financial covenants, and we were in compliance with all such covenants as of may 31, 2015.
commitments and contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments as of may 31, 2015:
short-term lines of credit             592,629                 592,629                         -                         -             -
(1)  interest on long-term debt is based on rates effective and amounts borrowed as of may 31, 2015. the estimated effect of interest rate swaps is included in interest on long-term debt. since the contractual rates for our long-term debt and interest rate swaps are variable, actual cash payments may differ from the estimates provided.
(2) includes future minimum lease payments for noncancelable operating leases at may 31, 2015.
(3) includes estimate of future payments for contractual obligations related to service arrangements with vendors for fixed or minimum amounts.
the table above excludes other obligations that we may have, such as employee benefit plan obligations, unrecognized tax benefits, and other current and noncurrent liabilities reflected in our consolidated balance sheet. at this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of these payments; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligation table.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, which often require the judgment of management in the selection and application of certain accounting principles and methods. we consider the following accounting policies to be critical to understanding our consolidated financial statements because the application of these policies requires significant judgment on the part of management, and as a result, actual future developments may be different from those expected at the time that we make these critical judgments. we have discussed these critical accounting policies with the audit committee of the board of directors.
accounting estimates necessarily require subjective determinations about future events and conditions. therefore, the following descriptions of our critical accounting policies are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated by these forward-looking statements. you should read the following in conjunction with "note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the risk factors contained in "item 1a - risk factors" of this annual report.
reserve for operating losses we experience losses in our card processing services when we are unable to collect amounts from merchant customers for any charges properly reversed by the card issuing bank. when we are not able to collect these amounts from the merchants due to merchant fraud, insolvency, bankruptcy or any other reason, we may be liable for the reversed charges. we have historically experienced losses due to merchant defaults. we require cash deposits, guarantees, letters of credit and other types of collateral by certain merchants
to minimize any such contingent liability, and we also utilize a number of systems and procedures to manage merchant risk. we experience check guarantee losses when we are unable to collect the full amount of a guaranteed check from the checkwriter. we refer to both merchant credit losses and check guarantee losses collectively as "operating losses." please refer to "note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a further explanation of these operating losses.
we record reserves for our estimated liability for operating losses. this estimate of losses is comprised of estimated known losses and estimated incurred but not reported losses. estimated known losses arise from specific instances of, for example, merchant bankruptcies, closures or fraud of which we are aware at the balance sheet date, but for which the ultimate amount of associated loss will not be determined until after the balance sheet date. estimated known loss accruals are recorded when it is probable that we have incurred a loss and the loss is reasonably estimable. estimated known losses are calculated at the merchant level based on chargebacks received to date, processed volume, and historical chargeback ratios. the estimate is reduced for any collateral that we hold. accruals for estimated known losses are evaluated periodically and adjusted as appropriate based on actual loss experience. incurred but not reported losses result from transactions that we process before the balance sheet date for which we have not yet received chargeback notification. we estimate incurred but not reported losses by applying historical loss ratios to our direct merchant credit card and signature debit card sales volumes processed, or processed volume. historically, this estimation process has been materially accurate.
for the years ended may 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, our processed volume for direct merchant acquiring was $207.2 billion, $201.2 billion, and $192.8 billion, respectively. for these same periods, the provision for merchant losses was $4.9 million, $8.7 million, and $9.5 million, respectively. as a percentage of processed volume, these charges were 0.0024%, 0.0043%, and 0.0049%, respectively, during the corresponding periods. for these same years, we experienced actual losses of $5.4 million, $9.3 million, and $9.5 million, respectively. we believe that our estimation process has been materially accurate on a historical basis. a 10% increase or decrease in our provision for merchant losses as a percentage of processed volume for the year ended may 31, 2015 would have resulted in a decrease or increase in pretax income of $0.5 million. further, if our provision for merchant losses as a percentage of processed volume for fiscal 2015 had equaled our actual merchant losses as a percentage of processed volume of 0.0043% for the same prior year period, our income before income taxes would have decreased by $4.0 million. as of may 31, 2015 and 2014, $1.3 million and $1.7 million, respectively, were recorded for merchant losses and were included in settlement processing obligations in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
in our check guarantee service offering, we charge our merchants a percentage of the gross amount of the check and guarantee payment of the check to the merchant in the event the check is not honored by the checkwriter's bank. we have the right to collect the full amount of the check from the checkwriter, but have not historically recovered 100% of the guaranteed checks. our check guarantee loss reserve is comprised of estimated losses on returned checks and estimated incurred but not reported losses.  we estimate the loss on returned checks by applying historical collection rates to our claims receivable balance.  we estimate incurred but not reported losses by applying historical loss ratios to the face value of our guaranteed checks.  for the years ended may 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we guaranteed total check face values of $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion and $2.6 billion, respectively. for those same periods, we recorded provisions for check guarantee losses of $9.6 million, $11.9 million, and $11.7 million, respectively. as a percentage of the total guaranteed check face value, these charges were 0.38%, 0.46%, and 0.44%, respectively. for these same years, we experienced actual losses of $9.9 million, $12.1 million, and $12.0 million, respectively. we believe that our estimation process has been materially accurate on a historical basis. a 10% increase in our projected loss rate for the year ended may 31, 2015 would have resulted in a decrease in income before income taxes of $1.0 million. further, if our guarantee loss as a percentage of guarantee volume for fiscal 2015 had equaled our guarantee loss as a percentage of guarantee volume of 0.46% for the same prior year period, our income before income taxes would have decreased by $2.0 million. as of may 31, 2015 and 2014, we had a check guarantee reserve of $2.7 million and $3.0 million, respectively, which is included as a valuation allowance against claims receivable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
we derive our projected loss rate assumptions primarily based on a rolling six to twelve month analysis of historic loss activity. these assumptions, however, bear the risk of change, which may occur as a result of several qualitative factors. for merchant losses, these factors include the following: a change in the creditworthiness of our merchant customers; a change in the levels of credit card fraud affecting our merchant customers; and a change in the effectiveness of our internal credit, risk management, and collection departments. for check guarantee losses, these factors include a change in the levels of dishonored consumer checks presented to our guarantee service merchant customers and a change in the effectiveness of our internal check guarantee procedures, customer acceptance and retention policies, or collection protocols. application of our percentage assumptions involve uncertainty regarding
changes in any of the factors above, especially those that are outside of our control, such as the financial health of the economies in the united states, canada, the united kingdom, spain, the asia-pacific region and the russian federation at a regional or national level and the related impact on our customers.
goodwill goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. we test goodwill for impairment annually as of january 1 and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. we have the option of performing a qualitative assessment of impairment to determine whether any further quantitative testing for impairment is necessary. the option of whether or not to perform a qualitative assessment is made annually and may vary by reporting unit.
factors we consider in the qualitative assessment include general macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance of our reporting units, events or changes affecting the composition or carrying amount of the net assets of our reporting units, sustained decrease in our share price, and other relevant entity-specific events. if we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment or if we determine, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying value, a two-step quantitative test is required. in the first step, the reporting unit's carrying amount, including goodwill, is compared to its fair value. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit is greater than its fair value, step two must be performed. step two measures the impairment loss, if any, by comparing the implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. the implied fair value of goodwill is determined by assigning the fair value of the reporting unit to all the assets and liabilities of that unit (including unrecognized intangibles) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. the excess of the fair value over the amounts assigned to the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit is the implied fair value of the goodwill. the excess of the carrying amount over the implied fair value of the goodwill is the impairment loss.
our assessment of qualitative factors involves significant judgments about expected future business performance and general market conditions. in a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. this requires various assumptions about a reporting unit's future financial results and cost of capital including discount rates.
we have six reporting units: north america merchant services, u.k. merchant services, asia-pacific merchant services, central and eastern europe merchant services, russia merchant services and spain merchant services. as of january 1, 2015, we performed a qualitative goodwill assessment for each of our reporting units, except russia merchant services for which we performed a quantitative assessment. based on our annual test as of january 1, 2015, we determined on the basis of qualitative factors that the fair values of the reporting units for which we performed a qualitative assessment were not more likely than not less than their respective carrying amounts. based on a quantitative assessment, we determined that the goodwill of our russia merchant services unit was not impaired. we believe that the fair values of our reporting units are substantially in excess of their carrying amounts.
intangible and long-lived assets other intangible assets primarily represent customer-related intangible assets (such as customer lists and merchant contracts), contract-based intangible assets (such as non-compete agreements, referral agreements and processing rights), acquired technology and trademarks associated with acquisitions. customer-related intangible assets, contract-based intangible assets and trademarks are amortized over their estimated useful lives ranging from 2 to 26 years. the useful lives for customer-related intangible assets are determined based primarily on forecasted cash flows, which include estimates for the revenues, expenses, and customer attrition associated with the assets. the useful lives of contract-based intangible assets are equal to the terms of the agreements. the useful lives of amortizable trademarks are based on our plans to phase out the trademarks in the applicable markets. acquired technology is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life.
amortization for most of our customer-related intangible assets is calculated using an accelerated method. in determining amortization expense under our accelerated method for any given period, we calculate the expected cash flows for that period that were used in determining the acquired value of the asset and divide that amount by the expected total cash flows over the estimated life of the asset. we multiply that percentage by the initial carrying amount of the asset to arrive at the amortization expense for that period. if the cash flow patterns that we experience differ significantly from our initial estimates, we adjust the amortization schedule
prospectively. these cash flow patterns are derived using certain assumptions and cost allocations due to a significant amount of asset interdependencies that exist in our business. during fiscal 2015, we did not adjust the amortization schedules.
we believe that our accelerated method better approximates the distribution of cash flows generated by our acquired customer relationships. we use the straight-line method of amortization for our contract-based intangibles and amortizable trademarks.
we regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the carrying amount of property and equipment and finite-life intangible assets may not be recoverable. when factors indicate that these long-lived assets should be evaluated for possible impairment, we assess the potential impairment by determining whether the carrying amount of such long-lived assets will be recovered through the future undiscounted cash flows expected from use of the asset and its eventual disposition. if the carrying amount of the asset is determined not to be recoverable and exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recorded, measured as the difference between the fair value and the carrying amount. fair values are determined based on quoted market prices or discounted cash flow analysis as applicable. we regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the useful lives of property and equipment and finite-life intangible assets may warrant revision.
capitalization of internally developed software we develop software that is used in providing processing services to customers. capitalization of internally developed software, primarily associated with operating platforms, occurs when we have completed the preliminary project stage, management authorizes the project, management commits to funding the project, it is probable the project will be completed and the project will be used to perform the function intended. the preliminary project stage consists of the conceptual formulation of alternatives, the evaluation of alternatives, the determination of existence of needed technology and the final selection of alternatives. costs incurred during the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred. currently unforeseen circumstances in software development, such as a significant change in the manner in which the software is intended to be used, obsolescence or a significant reduction in revenues due to merchant attrition, could require us to implement alternative plans with respect to a particular effort, which could result in the impairment of previously capitalized software development costs. the carrying amount of internally developed software, including work in progress, at may 31, 2015 was $181.3 million. costs capitalized during fiscal 2015, 2014 and 2013 totaled $35.1 million, $39.1 million, and $29.2 million, respectively. internally developed software is amortized over its estimated useful life, which is typically 2 to 10 years.
our most recently developed front-end merchant authorization processing platform, which was placed into service in fiscal 2010, is replacing several legacy platforms. as of may 31, 2015, we have placed into service $101.0 million of hardware and software associated with our authorization platform, $4.5 million of which was placed in service during fiscal 2015. depreciation and amortization associated with these costs is calculated based on transactions processed during the period as a percentage of the transactions expected to be processed over the life of the platform. we believe that this method is more representative of the platform's use than the straight-line method. we are currently processing transactions on this authorization platform in nine markets in our asia-pacific region and for a limited number of u.s. merchants. as these markets represent a small percentage of our overall transactions, depreciation and amortization related to this platform for fiscal 2015 was not significant. depreciation and amortization expense will increase as we complete migrations of other merchants to this authorization platform.
income taxes we determine our provision for income taxes using management's judgments, estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. judgment is also required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. these differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. we believe our tax return positions are fully supportable; however, we recognize the benefit for tax positions only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained based on its technical merits. issues raised by a tax authority may be resolved at an amount different than the related benefit recognized. when facts and circumstances change (including an effective settlement of an issue or statute of limitations expiration), the effect is recognized in the period of change. a portion of the unrecognized tax benefits that exist at may 31, 2015 would affect our provision for income taxes in the future if recognized. judgment is required to determine whether or not some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. to the extent we determine that we will not realize the benefit of some or all of our deferred tax assets, then these deferred tax assets are adjusted through our provision for income taxes in the period in which this determination is made.
as a result of events that occurred in the fourth quarter of the year ended may 31, 2015, management concluded that it was more likely than not that the tax positions in a foreign jurisdiction, for which we had recorded estimated liabilities of $65.6 million in other noncurrent liabilities on our accompanying consolidated balance sheet, would be sustained on their technical merits based on information available as of may 31, 2015. therefore, the liability and corresponding deferred tax assets were eliminated as of may 31, 2015. the uncertain tax positions have been subject to an ongoing examination in that foreign jurisdiction by the tax authority. discussions and correspondence between the tax authority and us during the fourth quarter indicated that the likelihood of the positions being sustained had increased. subsequent to may 31, 2015, we received a final closure notice regarding the examination resulting in no adjustments to taxable income related to this matter for the tax returns filed for the periods ended may 31, 2010 through may 31, 2013. the unrecognized tax benefits were effectively settled with this final closure notice.
effect of new accounting pronouncements - recently issued pronouncements not yet adopted from time-to-time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the financial accounting standards board or other standards setting bodies that are adopted by us as of the specified effective date. see "note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for new accounting guidance.