item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview general. grainger is a broad line distributor of maintenance, repair and operating supplies and other related products and services used by businesses and institutions. grainger's operations are primarily in the united states and canada, with a presence also in europe, asia and latin america. grainger uses a combination of multichannel and single channel online business models to provide customers with a range of options for finding and purchasing products, utilizing sales representatives, catalogs, direct marketing materials and ecommerce. grainger serves approximately 3 million customers worldwide through a network of highly integrated branches, distribution centers and websites.
grainger's two reportable segments are the united states and canada. the united states segment reflects the results of grainger's u.s. operating segment. the canada segment reflects the results for acklands - grainger, grainger's canadian operating segment. other businesses, which include zoro and operations in europe, asia and latin america, are not material individually.
business environment. given grainger's large number of customers and the diverse industries it serves, several economic factors and industry trends tend to shape grainger's business environment. the overall economy and leading economic indicators provide general insight into projecting grainger's growth. grainger's sales in the united states and canada tend to positively correlate with business investment, exports, industrial production and gross domestic product (gdp). in the united states, sales also tend to positively correlate with business inventory. in canada, sales also tend to positively correlate with oil prices. the table below provides these estimated indicators for 2015 and 2016:
united states                                                canada estimated 2015             forecasted 2016             estimated 2015            forecasted 2016
in the united states, business investment and exports are two major indicators of mro spend. equipment spending slowed in 2015. while many companies invested steadily, firms directly and indirectly exposed to the oil and gas sector significantly reduced capital spending. the nearly 10% appreciation of the u.s. dollar during 2015, as measured by the federal reserve on a trade weighted basis, contributed to u.s. exports of industrial supplies and materials in november reaching their lowest levels in 5 years. in the forecast, equipment spending growth accelerates from 3.1% in 2015 to approximately 4.4% in 2016, as the drag from the stronger u.s. dollar and low energy prices dissipates and companies invest at rates consistent with an economy growing at a 2.5-3.0% rate. global insight expects the u.s. dollar to continue to strengthen during 2016 but at a decelerating pace over the first half of the year, mainly due to tightening monetary policy and accelerating u.s. economic growth. exports and imports are forecast to continue to be impacted by the stronger dollar in 2016, preventing overall growth from accelerating in 2016.
the light and heavy manufacturing customer sectors, which comprised approximately 30% of grainger's total 2015 sales, have historically correlated with manufacturing employment levels and manufacturing production. the u.s. department of labor reported manufacturing employment levels were flat from december 2014 to december 2015. according to the federal reserve, manufacturing output increased by only 0.8% from december 2014 to december 2015. these statistics were reflected in grainger's sales performance in these sectors as total manufacturing sales were down in the low single digits, primarily driven by the heavy manufacturing end market.
the canadian economy in 2015 suffered its worst economic performance since the global recession of 2009. the main reason for this weakness was the significant decline in oil prices that led to severely depressed investment in the energy sector.  the low oil prices also caused the value of the canadian dollar to fall relative to the u.s. dollar, leading to an increase in price inflation. unfortunately the reduced energy prices and low canadian dollar were not enough to support the canadian manufacturing industry and export sectors, which combined with the weakness in the energy sector led to a small recession in the first half of the year.  economic activity contracted by 0.7% in the first quarter and 0.25% in the second quarter.  economic growth in the second half of the year rebounded modestly, and the canadian economy is now projected to have grown approximately 1.0% for 2015 in total. ihs global insight no longer anticipates a quick recovery in oil prices though, as the market adjusts supply and demand imbalances. as a
the start of 2016 shows more evidence of weakness in the canadian economy. the further drop in energy prices is taking a toll on canada with manufacturing output declining in the latest gdp report. as such, real gdp growth prospects have been lowered for 2016 to only 1.3%. the low canadian dollar continues to put upward pressure on inflation, and with a few exceptions the domestic economy faces many challenges. the rapid deterioration of oil prices to levels not seen in over a decade continue to impact the performance of the canadian business, which is heavily dependent on the natural resources sector. most analysts are forecasting little to no improvement in oil prices through at least the first half of 2016.
outlook. grainger plans to continue to execute changes in the u.s. and canada in 2016 while continuing to make investments in its supply chain, ecommerce capabilities, information systems, sales force productivity tools and inventory management services. these investments will support the company's revenue growth objectives of (i) continuing to grow its share of business with large, complex customers; (ii) creating a unique value proposition to further penetrate the medium customer segment and (iii) further leveraging its ecommerce capabilities to serve smaller customers. through the execution of the restructuring initiatives in both the u.s. and canada, the company will reduce its cost base, while ensuring that it continues to deliver an effortless customer experience.
on january 26, 2016, grainger reiterated its 2016 earnings per share guidance of $10.80 to $13.00 and its 2016 sales guidance of -1 to 7 percent.
matters affecting comparability. grainger completed several acquisitions throughout 2015, 2014 and 2013, all of which were immaterial individually and in the aggregate. grainger's operating results have included the results of each business acquired since the respective acquisition dates.
gross profit                                        42.4               43.3               43.8                  (1.9   )                          4.3
grainger's net sales of $9,973 million for 2015 were flat when compared with net sales of $9,965 million for 2014. contributors to the sales performance for 2015 were as follows:
business acquisition                              2
sales growth to light manufacturing and government customers were offset by a decline in sales to natural resource customers, contractors, resellers and heavy manufacturing customers. in 2015, ecommerce sales for grainger were $4,133 million, an increase of 16% over the prior year and represented 41% of total sales. the increase was primarily driven by an increase in sales via edi and electronic purchasing platforms in the united states. refer to the segment analysis below for further details.
gross profit of $4,231 million for 2015 decreased 2%. the gross profit margin for 2015 was 42.4%, down 0.9 percentage point versus 2014, primarily driven by higher sales to lower margin customers and price deflation exceeding cost deflation.
operating expenses of $2,931 million for 2015 decreased 1% from $2,967 million for 2014. the decrease was primarily driven by lower employee benefits, partially offset by higher severance and contract services costs. operating expenses included an incremental $132 million in growth-related spending on ecommerce, new sales representatives, supply chain and inventory management solutions, as well as $42 million of charges primarily related to reorganizing the businesses in the united states and canada. in 2014, operating expenses included $51 million related to the closing of the business in brazil, restructuring costs and the transition of the retirement plan in europe and an impairment charge for the business in colombia. excluding the reorganization and restructuring costs from both years, operating expenses were down 1%.
operating earnings of $1,300 million for 2015 decreased 3% from $1,347 million for 2014. operating earnings declined due to a lower gross profit margins, partially offset by operating expense leverage. operating earnings included the charges noted above. excluding these charges from both years, operating earnings decreased 5%.
the table below reconciles reported diluted earnings per share determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) in the united states to adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-gaap measure. management believes adjusted diluted earnings per share is an important indicator of operations because it excludes items that may not be indicative of core operating results. because non-gaap financial measures are not standardized, it may not be possible to compare this financial measure with other companies' non-gaap financial measures having the same or similar names.
restructuring (united states)               0.33
discrete tax items                        (0.09)
segment analysis the following comments at the reportable segment and other business unit level include external and intersegment net sales and operating earnings. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
united states net sales were $7,963 million for 2015, an increase of $37 million, or flat when compared with net sales of $7,926 million for 2014. contributors to the sales performance for 2015 were as follows:
mid-single-digit sales growth to light manufacturing and government customers and low single-digit growth to commercial services were offset a mid-teen decline in sales to natural resource customers and low-single-digit declines to heavy manufacturing customers and contractors. in 2015, ecommerce sales for the united states business were $3,275 million, an increase of 16% over the prior year and represented 41% of total sales. the increase was primarily driven by an increase in sales via edi and electronic purchasing platforms.
the segment gross profit margin decreased 1.0 percentage point in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by price decreases exceeding product cost decreases and higher sales to lower margin customers.
operating expenses were up 1% for 2015 versus 2014. operating expenses included an incremental $96 million in growth-related spending on ecommerce, new sales representatives, supply chain and inventory management solutions, as well as $32 million of charges related to reorganizing the business, including branch closures. excluding the reorganization costs, operating expenses decreased 1% primarily due to lower employee benefit costs.
for the segment, operating earnings of $1,372 million for 2015 decreased 5% versus $1,444 million in 2014. excluding the reorganization expenses mentioned above, operating earnings were down 3%. the decline in operating earnings for 2015 was due to a lower gross profit margin, partially offset by positive operating expense leverage.
canada net sales were $891 million for 2015, a decrease of $185 million, or 17%, when compared with $1,076 million for 2014. in local currency, sales decreased 5% for 2015. the 17% decrease for the year consisted of the following contributors:
acquisition                                   5
sales performance in canada was driven by mid-teen declines in the oil and gas, contractor, commercial services, heavy manufacturing, resellers and retail markets. net sales in the agriculture and mining and utilities end markets were up in the mid-single digits. in 2015, ecommerce sales for canada were $107 million, a decrease of 13% versus the prior year and represented 12% of total sales.
the segment gross profit margin decreased 0.4 percentage points in 2015 versus 2014, primarily driven by product cost inflation exceeding price inflation driven by unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by higher supplier rebates.
operating expenses decreased 4% in 2015. in local currency, operating expenses increased 11%, primarily due to higher severance costs related to reorganizing the business, higher depreciation driven primarily by the new dc and incremental costs from the wfs enterprises inc. (wfs) acquisition as 2014 included a partial year. excluding the reorganization costs, operating expenses increased 9%.
operating earnings of $27 million for 2015 decreased $61 million, or 69%, versus 2014. in local currency, operating earnings decreased 64%. the decrease in earnings was due to lower sales, lower gross profit margins and negative operating expense leverage.
other businesses net sales for other businesses, which include zoro in the u.s. and operations in europe, asia, latin america, and the newly acquired cromwell, were $1,406 million for 2015, an increase of $224 million, or 19%, when compared with $1,182 million for 2014. the net sales increase was primarily due to incremental sales from cromwell, zoro and monotaro. the 19% increase for the year consisted of the following contributors:
acquisition                                  12
operating earnings for other businesses were $48 million for 2015 compared to a loss of $38 million for 2014. the year 2015 included $6 million of charges for the continuing restructuring of the business in europe and additional costs to shut down the business in brazil. the year 2014 included a $29 million charge related to closing the business in brazil, a $14 million charge related to the transition of the employee retirement plan in europe, a $12 million impairment charge for the business in colombia and $10 million in restructuring costs for the business in europe. excluding these charges in both years, operating earnings increased $27 million, primarily driven by improved operating performance by monotaro and zoro, partially offset by incremental expenses associated with the single channel online business model in europe.
other income and expense other income and expense was $50 million of expense in 2015 compared with $13 million of expense in 2014. the following table summarizes the components of other income and expense (in thousands of dollars):
loss from equity method investment       (11,740      )          -
the increase in expense was driven by higher interest expense from the $1 billion in long-term debt issued in june 2015, as well as operating losses from the investment in a limited liability company established to produce clean energy. as discussed below, the operating losses in this investment were more than offset by energy tax credits that lowered grainger's tax rate, which provided grainger with positive net earnings and cash flow. the clean energy investment generated $0.09 per share of earnings for 2015.
income taxes income taxes of $466 million in 2015 decreased 11% compared with $522 million in 2014. grainger's effective tax rates were 37.2% and 39.1% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. excluding the effect of restructuring and non-operating items reported in both 2015 and 2014, grainger's adjusted tax rate was 37.6% and 38.2% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the decrease in the tax rate in 2015 was primarily due to the energy tax credits associated with the investment in the limited liability company established to produce clean energy, partially offset by a higher proportion of earnings in the united states versus geographies with lower tax rates.
grainger's net sales of $9,965 million for 2014 increased 6% when compared with net sales of $9,438 million for 2013. the 6% increase for the year consisted of the following contributors:
business acquisition, net of divestitures                              1
gross profit of $4,314 million for 2014 increased 4%. the gross profit margin for 2014 was 43.3%, down 0.5 percentage point versus 2013, primarily driven by lower margins from the newly acquired businesses, faster growth with lower margin customers, charges related to closing the business in brazil and restructuring the business in europe, partially offset by price inflation exceeding cost inflation.
operating expenses of $2,967 million for 2014 increased 4% from $2,840 million for 2013. the increase was primarily driven by an incremental $78 million in growth-related spending on ecommerce, new sales representatives, supply chain and inventory management solutions, as well as charges related to closing the business in brazil, restructuring costs and the transition of the retirement plan in europe and an impairment charge for the business in colombia.
operating earnings of $1,347 million for 2014 increased 4% from $1,297 million for 2013. operating earnings in 2014 included a $29 million charge related to closing the business in brazil, a $14 million charge related to the transition of the employee retirement plan in europe, a $12 million impairment charge for the business in colombia and $10 million in restructuring costs for the business in europe. operating earnings in 2013 included a $26 million expense related to impairment charges for the business in brazil and grainger lighting services, as well as $10 million of restructuring costs for the businesses in europe and china. excluding these charges from both years, operating earnings increased 6%, primarily due to higher sales and operating expenses increasing at a slower rate than sales.
the table below reconciles reported diluted earnings per share determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) in the united states to adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-gaap measure. management believes adjusted diluted earnings per share is an important indicator of operations because it excludes items that may not be indicative of core operating results. because non-gaap financial measures are not standardized, it may not be possible to compare this financial measure with other companies' non-gaap financial measures having the same or similar names.
segment analysis the following comments at the reportable segment and other business unit level include external and intersegment net sales and operating earnings. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
united states net sales were $7,926 million for 2014, an increase of $512 million, or 7%, when compared with net sales of $7,414 million for 2013. the 7% increase for the year consisted of the following contributors:
business acquisition, net of divestitures                  2
net sales to most customer end markets increased for 2014. the increase was led by low double-digit growth to the natural resources end market, followed by high single-digit growth to heavy manufacturing customers and mid-single- digit growth to light manufacturing, commercial services, retail and government customers. resellers were up in the low single digits and contractors were down in the low single digits. in 2014, ecommerce sales were $2,831 million, an increase of 13% over the prior year and represented 36% of total sales.
the segment gross profit margin decreased 0.4 percentage point in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily driven by lower margins from the acquired businesses and faster growth with lower margin customers, partially offset by price increases exceeding product cost increases.
canada net sales were $1,076 million for 2014, a decrease of $38 million, or 3%, when compared with $1,114 million for 2013. in local currency, sales increased 4% for 2014. the 3% decrease for the year consisted of the following contributors:
business acquisition                              2
sales performance in canada was driven by double-digit growth in the utilities market, followed by high single-digit growth in the forestry market and mid-single-digit growth to commercial services and heavy manufacturing customers. net sales in the construction, agriculture and mining end markets were down in the high single digits. in 2014, ecommerce sales were $123 million, an increase of 7% over the prior year and represented 11% of total sales.
the segment gross profit margin decreased 1.7 percentage points in 2014 versus 2013, primarily driven by product cost inflation exceeding price inflation driven by unfavorable foreign exchange, higher freight costs and lower supplier rebates as well as negative mix from the wfs acquisition.
operating expenses increased 3% in 2014. in local currency, operating expenses increased 10%, primarily due to the wfs acquisition, higher payroll and information technology expenses, as well as costs associated with opening a new dc.
operating earnings of $88 million for 2014 decreased $41 million, or 32%, versus 2013. in local currency, operating earnings decreased 27%. the decrease in earnings was due to operating expenses increasing at a faster rate than sales and lower gross profit margins.
other businesses net sales were $1,182 million for 2014, an increase of $142 million, or 14%, when compared with $1,040 million for 2013. the net sales increase was primarily due to incremental sales from zoro, monotaro and grainger mexico. the 14% increase for the year consisted of the following contributors:
operating earnings for other businesses were a loss of $38 million for 2014 compared to earnings of $8 million for 2013. the year 2014 included a $29 million charge related to closing the business in brazil, a $14 million charge related to the transition of the employee retirement plan in europe, a $12 million impairment charge for the business in colombia and $10 million in restructuring costs for the business in europe. the year 2013 included $13 million of expense related to impairment charges for the business in brazil and $10 million of expense in structural changes to the businesses in europe and china. excluding these charges in both years, operating earnings decreased $3 million, or 10%, primarily driven by incremental expenses associated with the start-up of the single channel online business model in europe.
other income and expense other income and expense was $13 million of expense in 2014 compared with $9 million of expense in 2013. the following table summarizes the components of other income and expense (in thousands of dollars):
income taxes income taxes of $522 million in 2014 increased 9% compared with $480 million in 2013. grainger's effective tax rates were 39.1% and 37.3% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. excluding the effect of the separately identified charges reported in both 2014 and 2013, grainger's adjusted tax rate was 38.2% and 37.3% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in the tax rate in 2014 was primarily due to a higher proportion of earnings in the united states versus geographies with lower tax rates and losses with no tax benefit.
financial condition grainger expects its strong working capital position, cash flows from operations and borrowing capacity to continue, allowing it to fund its operations, including growth initiatives, capital expenditures, acquisitions and repurchase of shares, as well as to pay cash dividends.
cash from operating activities continues to serve as grainger's primary source of liquidity. net cash flows from operations in 2015 were $990 million versus $960 million in 2014. cash flows from operations were higher in 2015 primarily due to a positive cash flow from changes in operating assets and liabilities versus 2014. this positive cash flow was due to relatively flat receivable balances, partially offset by a decrease in employee benefit liabilities.
net cash used in investing activities was $843 million and $384 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the higher use of cash was primarily driven by $464 million of net cash paid for business acquisition in 2015 versus $31 million in 2014.
net cash used in financing activities of $63 million in 2015 decreased $695 million from $758 million in 2014. the decrease was primarily due to proceeds from the issuance of $1 billion in senior notes, a £160 million term loan and issuance of commercial paper to support the acquisition of cromwell, as well as ¥6 billion term loans to support the construction of a new distribution center in japan. these proceeds were partially offset by an increase in the purchase of treasury stock and dividends paid.
cash from operating activities served as grainger's primary source of liquidity. net cash flows from operations in 2014 were $960 million versus $986 million in 2013. cash flows from operations were lower in 2014 primarily due to higher inventory purchases in 2014 compared to 2013. in 2013, the inventory position at the start of the year was higher due to lower sales in december 2012 as well as an inventory build to facilitate the move of grainger's chicago-area distribution center.
net cash used in investing activities was $384 million and $399 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the lower use of cash was primarily driven by acquisition activity. less cash was spent on acquisitions in 2014 versus 2013. the lower use of cash from acquisition activity in 2014 was partially offset by more cash expended in 2014 for additions to property, buildings and equipment, primarily related to supply chain investments.
net cash used in financing activities of $758 million in 2014 increased $167 million from $591 million in 2013. the increase was primarily due to a partial repayment of the term loan in the united states as well as an increase in the purchase of treasury stock and dividends paid. this was partially offset by proceeds from the new revolving credit facility in the canadian business.
working capital internally generated funds are the primary source of working capital and funds used in business expansion, supplemented by debt. in addition, funds are expended to support growth initiatives, as well as for business and systems development and other infrastructure improvements.
working capital consists of current assets (less non-operating cash) and current liabilities (less short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt). working capital was $1,794 million at december 31, 2015, compared with $1,697 million at december 31, 2014. at these dates, the ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 2.5 and 2.5, respectively. the increase in working capital was primarily related to higher receivable and inventory balances driven by the cromwell acquisition, as well as lower liabilities for employees' profit sharing plans.
capital expenditures in each of the past three years, a portion of operating cash has been used for additions to property, buildings, equipment and capitalized software as summarized in the following table (in thousands of dollars):
furniture, fixtures, machinery and equipment       202,137                 140,358                 152,328
capitalized software                                85,649                  87,239                  59,398
in 2015, grainger continued investing in the north america distribution center network and the completion of the common erp platform for north america and made investments in support of sales initiatives. other significant investments in 2015 included the ecommerce platform, sustaining capital investments for grainger's branches and distribution centers and other technology infrastructure.
in 2014, grainger made significant capital investments to build new distribution centers in the united states and canada. in the united states, grainger began the replacement of its existing new jersey distribution center with construction of a new 1.3 million square-foot distribution center. in canada, grainger continued construction of the new distribution center in the toronto area. grainger also invested in technology infrastructure, vending machines for the keepstock program and normal recurring replacement of equipment.
in 2013, significant capital expenditures included investments in the distribution center network in the united states and canada. in the united states, grainger opened a new 1 million square-foot and highly automated chicago-area distribution center. in canada, grainger began construction of the 535,000 square-foot distribution center in the toronto area. other significant investments in 2013 included investing in a new ecommerce platform, sustaining capital investments for grainger's branches and distribution centers and other technology infrastructure.
in 2016, capital expenditures are expected to range from $300 million to $350 million. projected spending includes continued investments in the supply chain, ecommerce, inventory management solutions, and in support of sales initiatives. grainger expects to fund 2016 capital spending primarily from operating cash.
debt grainger maintains a debt ratio and liquidity position that provides flexibility in funding working capital needs and long-term cash requirements. in addition to internally generated funds, grainger has various sources of financing available, including bank borrowings under lines of credit. total debt as a percent of total capitalization was 45.8% and 12.9% as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
on april 16, 2015, grainger announced plans to issue $1.8 billion in long-term debt over the next three years, to partially fund the repurchase of $3 billion in shares. the remaining amount is expected to be funded from internally generated cash. in june 2015, grainger issued $1 billion in long-term debt, which is the first of three expected debt issuances. the new debt is payable in 30 years and carries a 4.60% interest rate, payable semiannually. with the new long-term debt, grainger expects to maintain a debt to ebitda ratio in the 1.0-1.5x range. ebitda, which is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, is a non-gaap measure and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. refer to note 7 and note 8 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8.
commitments and other contractual obligations at december 31, 2015, grainger's contractual obligations, including estimated payments due by period, are as follows (in thousands of dollars):
payments due by period total amounts committed            less than 1 year             1 - 3 years             4 - 5 years           more than 5 years debt obligations                                                   $2,001,779                      $600,418                   $45,988                $347,295                $1,008,078
uncompleted additions toproperty, buildings and equipment              50,850                        50,850                         -                       -                         -
commitments to purchaseinventory                                      453,559                       453,559                         -                       -                         -
other liabilities                                                     250,509                       132,897                    24,780                  27,229                    65,603
purchase obligations for inventory are made in the normal course of business to meet operating needs. while purchase orders for both inventory purchases and non-inventory purchases are generally cancelable without penalty, certain vendor agreements provide for cancellation fees or penalties depending on the terms of the contract.
other liabilities represent future payments for profit sharing and employee benefits plans as determined by actuarial projections and other employee benefit plans. other employment-related benefits costs of $59 million have not been included in this table as the timing of benefit payments is not predictable. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
grainger has recorded a noncurrent liability of approximately $66 million for tax uncertainties and interest at december 31, 2015. this amount is excluded from the table above, as grainger cannot make reliable estimates of these cash flows by period. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
off-balance sheet arrangements grainger does not have any material exposures to off-balance sheet arrangements. all significant contractual obligations are recorded on the company's consolidated balance sheet or fully disclosed in the notes to grainger's consolidated financial statements. grainger has an investment in a variable interest entity (vie) for which grainger is not the primary beneficiary. the vie is accounted for as an equity method investment. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) in the united states of america, requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in the financial statements. management bases its estimates on historical experience and other assumptions, which it believes are reasonable. if actual amounts are ultimately different from these estimates, the revisions are included in grainger's results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known.
accounting policies are considered critical when they require management to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimates are made and when there are different estimates that management reasonably could have made, which would have a material impact on the presentation of grainger's financial condition, changes in financial condition or results of operations.
note 1 to the consolidated financial statements describes the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. the most significant areas involving management judgments and estimates follow. actual results in these areas could differ materially from management's estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
allowance for doubtful accounts. grainger considers several factors to estimate the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable including the age of the receivables, the percent past due and the historical ratio of actual write-offs to the age of the receivables. the analyses performed also take into consideration economic conditions that may have an impact on a specific industry, group of customers or a specific customer. based on analysis of actual historical write-offs of uncollectible accounts receivable, grainger's estimates and assumptions have been materially accurate in regards to the valuation of its allowance for doubtful accounts. however, write-offs could be materially different than the reserves established if business or economic conditions change or actual results deviate from historical trends, and grainger's estimates and assumptions may be revised as appropriate to reflect these changes. for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, actual results did not vary materially from estimated amounts.
inventory reserves.  grainger establishes inventory reserves for obsolete inventory. grainger regularly reviews inventory to evaluate continued demand and identify any obsolete or excess quantities.  grainger records provisions for the difference between excess and obsolete inventory and its estimated realizable value.  estimated realizable value is based on anticipated future product demand, market conditions and liquidation values.  as grainger's inventory consists of approximately 1.4 million stocked products, it is not practical to quantify the actual disposition of excess and obsolete inventory against estimated amounts at a stock keeping unit (sku) level and no individual sku is material.   there were no material differences noted between reserve levels compared to the level of write-offs historically.  grainger's methodology for estimating reserves is continually evaluated based on current experience and the methodology provides for a materially accurate level of reserves at any reporting date.  actual results could differ materially from projections and require changes to reserves that could have a material effect on grainger's results of operations based on significant changes in product demand, market conditions or liquidation value.  if business or economic conditions change, grainger's estimates and assumptions may be revised as appropriate. for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, actual results did not vary materially from estimated amounts.
goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets. business acquisitions result in the recording of goodwill and identified intangible assets that affect the amount of amortization expense and possible impairment write-downs that may occur in future periods. grainger annually reviews goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment in the fourth quarter and when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets might exceed their current fair values.
grainger completed the annual impairment testing during the fourth quarter of 2015, including the quantitative test for fabory, with $106 million of goodwill. the fair value of the fabory reporting unit's goodwill exceeded the carrying value by 15%, and the step two calculation was not required for this reporting unit. the risk of potential failure of step one of the impairment test for fabory in future reporting periods is highly dependent upon key assumptions included in the determination of the reporting unit's fair value. the fair value of reporting units is calculated primarily using the discounted cash flow (dcf) method and incorporating value indicators from a market approach to evaluate the reasonableness of the resulting fair values. the dcf method incorporates various assumptions regarding the amount and timing of future expected cash flows, including revenues, gross margins, operating expenses, capital expenditures and working capital based on operational budgets, long-range strategic plans and other estimates. the terminal value growth rate is used to calculate the value of cash flows beyond the last projected period and reflects management's best estimates for perpetual growth for the reporting units. estimates of market-participant risk-adjusted weighted average cost of
capital are used as a basis for determining the discount rates to apply to the reporting units' future expected cash flows and terminal value. changes in assumptions regarding future performance and unfavorable economic environment in europe may also have a significant impact on cash flows in the future. grainger performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the reasonableness of the step one results and evaluated the impact of a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate or a 100 basis point decrease in the terminal growth rate. no indications of impairment resulted from this sensitivity analysis. given the sensitivity of the calculated fair value to changes in these key assumptions, grainger may be required to recognize an impairment for fabory's goodwill in the future due to changes in market conditions or other factors related to these key assumptions.
stock incentive plans. grainger maintains stock incentive plans under which a variety of incentive grants may be awarded to employees and directors. grainger uses a binomial lattice option pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock option grants. the model requires projections of the risk-free interest rate, expected life, volatility, dividend yield and forfeiture rate of the stock option grants. the fair value of options granted used the following assumptions:
expected life                  6 years            6 years            6 years expected volatility              24.9%              25.0%              25.5%
the risk-free interest rate is selected based on yields from u.s. treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term approximately equal to the expected term of the options being valued. the expected life selected for options granted during each year presented represents the period of time that the options are expected to be outstanding based on historical data of option holders' exercise and termination behavior. expected volatility is based upon implied and historical volatility of the closing price of grainger's stock over a period equal to the expected life of each option grant. historical information is also the primary basis for selection of the expected dividend yield assumptions. because stock option compensation expense is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, it has been reduced for estimated forfeitures, using historical forfeiture experience. the amount of stock option compensation expense is significantly affected by the valuation model and these assumptions. if different assumptions were used, the stock option compensation expense could be significantly different from what is recorded in the current period.
compensation expense for other stock-based awards is based upon the closing market price on the last trading date preceding the date of the grant. because the expense for other stock-based awards should reflect the awards ultimately expected to vest, it has been reduced for estimated forfeitures, using historical forfeiture experience.
for additional information concerning stock incentive plans, see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
postretirement healthcare benefits.  the postretirement healthcare obligation and net periodic cost are dependent on assumptions and estimates used in calculating such amounts. the assumptions used include, among others, discount rates, assumed rates of return on plan assets and healthcare cost trend rates, and certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality rates. changes in these and other assumptions (caused by conditions in equity markets or plan experience, for example) could have a material effect on grainger's postretirement benefit obligation and expense and could affect its results of operations and financial condition. these changes in assumptions may also affect voluntary decisions to make additional contributions to the trust established for funding the postretirement benefit obligation.
the discount rate assumptions used by management reflect the rates available on high-quality fixed income debt instruments as of december 31, the measurement date, of each year.  a higher discount rate reduces the present value of benefit obligations and net periodic benefit costs. as of december 31, 2015, grainger increased the discount rate used in the calculation of the postretirement plan obligation from 3.89% to 4.20% to reflect the increase in market interest rates.  grainger estimates that this increase could increase 2016 pretax earnings by approximately $1.2 million.  however, other changes in assumptions may increase, decrease or eliminate this effect.
effect on postretirement benefit obligation       28,450             (23,280     )
grainger changed the mortality improvement table used to project mortality rates into the future from mortality table rp-2014 with mortality improvement scale mp-2014 to mortality table rph-2014 with mortality improvement scale mp-2015 at december 31, 2015. mortality table rph-2014 is a headcount-weighted table that is more appropriate for the measurement of other postretirement employee benefit plans. scale mp-2015, published by the society of actuaries, reflects the most recent data for mortality improvement. grainger estimates this change could increase 2016 pretax earnings by approximately $1.3 million.
grainger may terminate or modify the postretirement plan at any time, subject to the provisions of the employee retirement income security act of 1974 (erisa) and the internal revenue code, as amended. in the event the postretirement plan is terminated, all assets of the group benefit trust inure to the benefit of the participants. the foregoing assumptions are based on the presumption that the postretirement plan will continue. were the postretirement plan to terminate, different actuarial assumptions and other factors might be applicable.
grainger has used its best judgment in making assumptions and estimates and believes such assumptions and estimates used are appropriate. changes to the assumptions may be required in future years as a result of actual experience or new trends or plan changes and, therefore, may affect grainger's retirement plan obligations and future expense. for additional information concerning postretirement healthcare benefits, see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
insurance reserves.  grainger retains a significant portion of the risk of certain losses related to workers' compensation, auto liability, general liability and property losses through the utilization of high deductibles and self-insured retentions.  there are also certain other risk areas for which grainger does not maintain insurance.
grainger is responsible for establishing accounting policies on insurance reserves.  although it relies on outside parties to project future claims costs, it retains control over actuarial assumptions, including loss development factors and claim payment patterns.  grainger performs ongoing reviews of its insured and uninsured risks, which it uses to establish the appropriate reserve levels.  in calculating the liability, historical trends, claims experience and loss development patterns are analyzed and appropriate loss development factors are applied to the incurred costs associated with the claims made.
the use of assumptions in the analysis leads to fluctuations in required reserves over time.  any change in the required reserve balance is reflected in the current period's results of operations.  grainger believes its estimates are reasonable based on the information currently available and the methodology used to estimate these reserves has been consistently applied.  there were no material adjustments based on grainger's historical experience in 2015, 2014 and 2013.  if actual trends, including the nature, severity or frequency of claims differ from grainger's estimates, or if business or economic conditions change, grainger's estimates and assumptions may be revised as appropriate and the results of operations could be materially impacted.
income taxes. the tax balances and income tax expense recognized by grainger are based on management's interpretations of the tax laws of multiple jurisdictions. income tax expense reflects grainger's best estimates and assumptions regarding, among other items, the level of future taxable income, interpretation of tax laws and tax planning opportunities, plans for reinvestment of cash overseas and uncertain tax positions. future rulings by tax authorities and future changes in tax laws and their interpretation, changes in projected levels of taxable income, changes in planned need for cash overseas and future tax planning strategies could impact the actual effective tax rate and tax balances recorded by grainger.
contingent liabilities. at any time, grainger may be subject to investigations, legal proceedings, or claims related to the ongoing operation of its business, including claims both by and against grainger. such proceedings typically involve claims related to product liability, general negligence, contract disputes, environmental issues, wage and hour laws, intellectual property, employment practices, regulatory compliance or other matters and actions brought by employees, consumers, competitors, suppliers or governmental entities. grainger routinely assesses the likelihood of any adverse outcomes related to these matters on a case by case basis, as well as the potential ranges of losses and fees. grainger establishes accruals for its potential exposure, as appropriate, for claims against grainger when losses become probable and the financial impact of an adverse outcome is reasonably estimable. legal fees are recognized as incurred and are not included in accruals for contingencies. where grainger is able to reasonably estimate a range of potential losses, grainger records the amount within that range that constitutes grainger's best estimate. grainger also discloses the nature of and range of loss for claims against grainger when losses are reasonably possible and the exposure is considered material to grainger's consolidated financial statements. these accruals and disclosures are determined based on the facts and circumstances related to the individual cases and require estimates and judgments regarding the interpretation of facts and laws, as well as the effectiveness of strategies or other factors beyond grainger's control. if the assessment of any of these factors changes, the estimates may change. predicting the outcome of claims and litigation, and estimating related costs and exposure, involves substantial uncertainties that could cause actual costs to vary materially from estimates and accruals.
other.  other significant accounting policies, not involving the same level of measurement uncertainties as those discussed above, are nevertheless important to an understanding of the financial statements. policies such as revenue recognition, depreciation, intangibles, long-lived assets, fair value measurements and valuations and warranties require judgments on complex matters that are often subject to multiple external sources of authoritative guidance such as the financial accounting standards board and the securities and exchange commission. possible changes in estimates or assumptions associated with these policies are not expected to have a material effect on the financial condition or results of operations of grainger. more information on these additional accounting policies can be found in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
effects of inflation and changing prices grainger is affected by inflation through increased product and operating costs, and the ability to pass on cost increases to customers over time is dependent upon market conditions. the ability to achieve sales growth through increased prices is also subject to inflation and normal competitive conditions. the predominant use of the last-in, first-out (lifo) method of accounting for inventories and accelerated depreciation methods for financial reporting and income tax purposes result in a substantial recognition of the effects of inflation in the financial statements.
some of grainger's products contain significant amounts of commodity-priced materials, such as steel, copper, petroleum derivatives or rare earth minerals, and are subject to price changes based upon fluctuations in the commodities market.
grainger believes the most positive means to combat inflation and advance the interests of investors lie in the continued application of basic business principles, which include improving productivity, maintaining working capital turnover and offering products and services that can command appropriate prices in the marketplace.
forward-looking statements from time to time, in this annual report on form 10-k, as well as in other written reports and verbal statements, grainger makes forward-looking statements that are not historical in nature but concern forecasts of future results, business plans, analyses, prospects, strategies, objectives and other matters that may be deemed to be "forward-looking statements" under the federal securities laws. such forward-looking statements are identified by words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "expect," "could," "forecast," "may," "intend," "plan," "predict," "project" and similar terms and expressions.
grainger cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although grainger does believe that its assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements are reasonable. achievement of future results is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company's control, which could cause grainger's results to differ materially from those which are presented.
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those presented or implied in a forward-looking statement include, without limitation: higher product costs or other expenses; a major loss of customers; loss or disruption of source of supply; increased competitive pricing pressures; failure to develop or implement new technologies or business strategies; the outcome of pending and future litigation or governmental or regulatory proceedings; including with respect to wage and hour, anti-bribery and corruption, environmental, advertising privacy and cybersecurity matters; investigations, inquiries, audits and changes in laws and regulations; disruption of information technology or data security systems; general industry or market conditions; general global economic conditions; currency exchange rate fluctuations; market volatility; commodity price volatility; labor shortages; facilities disruptions or shutdowns; higher fuel costs or disruptions in transportation services; natural and other catastrophes; unanticipated weather conditions; loss of key members of management; the company's ability to operate, integrate and leverage acquired businesses and the factors identified under item 1a: risk factors and elsewhere in the form 10-k.