item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about our business and operations. our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of various factors including the factors we describe under "special note regarding forward-looking statements", "risk factors" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, including documents incorporated by reference.
references in the following discussion to "we", "our", "us", "dps" or "the company" refer to dr pepper snapple group, inc. and all entities included in our audited consolidated financial statements.
kraft foods inc. acquired cadbury on february 2, 2010. on october 1, 2012, kraft foods, inc. spun-off its north american grocery business to its shareholders and changed its name to mondelēz international, inc. ("mondelēz").
overview we are a leading integrated brand owner, manufacturer and distributor of non-alcoholic beverages in the u.s., canada and mexico with a diverse portfolio of flavored (non-cola) csds and ncbs, including ready-to-drink teas, juices, juice drinks, water and mixers. our brand portfolio includes popular csd brands such as dr pepper, canada dry, peñafiel, squirt, 7up, crush, a&w, sunkist soda and schweppes, and ncb brands such as snapple, hawaiian punch, mott's, clamato, mr & mrs t mixers and rose's. our largest brand, dr pepper, is a leading flavored csd in the u.s. according to nielsen. we have some of the most recognized beverage brands in north america, with significant consumer awareness levels and long histories that evoke strong emotional connections with consumers.
we operate as an integrated brand owner, manufacturer and distributor through our three segments. we believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses through both our dsd system and our wd delivery system. our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage.
uncertainties and trends affecting our business we believe the north american lrb market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties. some of these items, such as increased health consciousness and changes in economic factors, have created category headwinds for our csds during recent years. the key trends and uncertainties that could affect our business include:
•   changes in consumer preferences. we are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs. we believe marketing and product innovations that target fast growing population segments, such as the hispanic community in the u.s., could drive market growth. additionally, as more consumers are faced with a busy and on-the-go lifestyle, sales of single-serve beverages could increase, which typically have higher margins.
•   increased competition in the lrb market. a number of our competitors are large corporations with significant financial resources. these competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, reducing prices or increasing promotional activities, which could reduce the demand for our products.
•   fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate variability in the expected future cash flows associated with certain third-party and intercompany transactions denominated in currencies other than our mexican and canadian entities' functional currencies. we use derivative instruments such as foreign exchange forward contracts to manage a portion of our exposure in these expected future cash flows to changes in foreign exchange rates. significant changes in these exchange rates will impact our results of operations.
•   product and packaging innovation. we believe brand owners and bottling companies will continue to create new products and packages, such as beverages with new ingredients and new premium flavors and innovative convenient packaging, that address changes in consumer tastes and preferences.
•   changing retailer landscape. as retailers continue to consolidate, we believe retailers will support consumer product companies that can provide an attractive portfolio of products, a strong value proposition and efficient delivery.
•   increased government regulation. government agencies, as a result of concerns about the public health consequences and health care costs associated with obesity, have been proposing and, in some cases, enacting new taxes or regulations on sugar-sweetened beverages. any changes of regulations or imposed taxes could reduce demand and/or cause us to raise our prices.
•   volatility in the costs of raw materials. the costs of a substantial portion of the raw materials used in the beverage industry are dependent on commodity prices for resin, aluminum, diesel fuel, corn, apple juice concentrate, sucrose, natural gas and other commodities. we are also dependent on commodity prices for apples related to our applesauce production. commodity price volatility has, from time to time, exerted pressure on industry margins and operating results.
as a result of these uncertainties and other factors, we believe net sales for the year ending december 31, 2016 could increase approximately 1% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, while commodity costs for the year ending december 31, 2016 are expected to be flat on a constant volume/mix basis as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.
refer to item 1a, "risk factors" of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our company.
seasonality the beverage market is subject to some seasonal variations. our beverage sales are generally higher during the warmer months and also can be influenced by the timing of holidays as well as weather fluctuations.
beverage concentrates sales volume in our beverage concentrates segment, we measure our sales volume in two ways: (1) "concentrate case sales" and (2) "bottler case sales." the unit of measurement for both concentrate case sales and bottler case sales equals 288 fluid ounces of finished beverage, the equivalent of 24 twelve ounce servings.
concentrate case sales represent units of measurement for concentrates sold by us to our bottlers and distributors. a concentrate case is the amount of concentrate needed to make one case of 288 fluid ounces of finished beverage. it does not include any other component of the finished beverage other than concentrate. our net sales in our concentrate businesses are based on our sales of concentrate cases.
packaged beverages sales volume in our packaged beverages segment, we measure volume as case sales to customers. a case sale represents a unit of measurement equal to 288 fluid ounces of packaged beverage sold by us. case sales include both our owned brands and certain brands licensed to and/or distributed by us.
volume in bottler case sales in addition to sales volume, we measure volume in bottler case sales ("volume (bcs)") as sales of packaged beverages, in equivalent 288 fluid ounce cases, sold by us and our bottling partners to retailers and independent distributors. our contract manufacturing sales are not included or reported as part of volume (bcs).
bottler case sales and concentrates and packaged beverage sales volumes are not equal during any given period due to changes in bottler concentrates inventory levels, which can be affected by seasonality, bottler inventory and manufacturing practices and the timing of price increases and new product introductions.
•   during the first quarter of 2016, we repaid the $500 million 2.90% senior notes due on january 15, 2016 (the "2016 notes") at maturity.
•   on february 11, 2016, our board authorized the repurchase of an additional $1 billion of our outstanding common stock. the company expects to repurchase $650 million to $700 million of its common stock during the year ended december 31, 2016.
gross profit                                       3,723            59.3                  3,630            59.3                  93                3
provision (benefit) for income taxes                 420             6.7                    371             6.1                  49               13
effective tax rate                                  35.5    %         nm                   34.6    %         nm                  nm               nm volume (bcs). volume (bcs) increased 2% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. in the u.s. and canada, volume was 1% higher, and in mexico and the caribbean, volume increased 8%, compared with the year ago period. branded csd volume increased 1% while branded ncb volume was 4% higher compared to the prior year.
in branded csds, peñafiel grew 14% in our latin america beverages segment as a result of distribution gains and increased promotional activity. squirt increased 7% primarily driven by increased sales to third-party bottlers. schweppes grew 9% reflecting distribution gains in our seltzer water and growth in the ginger ale category. these gains were partially offset by a 1% decrease in dr pepper, driven primarily by declines in our diet products, a 3% decrease in rc cola and a 1% decline in crush. canada dry, 7up, a&w and sunkist soda (our "core 4 brands") were flat compared to the prior year, driven by an 8% increase in canada dry fully offset by a 6% decline in 7up, a 4% decrease in sunkist soda and a 1% decline in a&w. our other csd brands in total were also flat compared to the prior year.
in branded ncbs, our water category increased 13% due to distribution gains and product innovation for bai brands and marketing investments behind fiji. snapple grew 6% over last year primarily driven by product innovation and distribution gains. clamato increased 12% primarily due to distribution gains and increased promotional activity in our latin america beverages segment. hawaiian punch grew 3% primarily as a result of package innovation. these increases were partially offset by a 1% decrease in mott's and a 3% decline in our other ncb brands in total.
net sales. net sales increased $161 million, or approximately 3%, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. the primary drivers of the increase were favorable product and package mix, an increase in branded sales volumes, favorable segment mix and higher pricing, partially offset by $115 million in unfavorable foreign currency translation.
gross profit. gross profit increased $93 million, or approximately 3%, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. although the gross margin for the year ended december 31, 2015 of 59.3% remain unchanged year over year, the following drivers impacted the gross margin:
•   lower commodity costs, led by packaging, and net of the change in our last-in, first-out ("lifo") inventory provision, which increased our gross margin by 0.8%;
•   ongoing productivity improvements, which increased our gross margin by 0.5%;
•   unfavorable comparison in our mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts, which decreased our gross margin by 0.4%.
the unfavorable mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $13 million in unrealized losses versus $11 million in unrealized gains in the prior year.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses decreased $21 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the prior year. the decrease was primarily driven by the impact of favorable foreign currency effects, which decreased sg&a expenses by $41 million, and a $32 million favorable comparison in the mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts. for the year ended december 31, 2015, we recognized $8 million in unrealized gains related to the mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts versus $24 million in unrealized losses in the year ago period. these drivers were partially offset by higher people costs, which were driven by inflationary increases and the impact of increased sales volumes, and higher performance-based incentive compensation.
income from operations. income from operations increased $118 million to $1,298 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, due primarily to the increase in gross profit and decreases in sg&a expenses and depreciation and amortization, partially offset by a non-cash charge of $7 million for the brand value impairment of garden cocktail.
effective tax rate. the effective tax rates for the year ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were 35.5% and 34.6%, respectively. the current year effective tax rate was higher, compared to the prior year, as a result of an income tax benefit in 2014 of $4 million due to the resolution of a tax audit in a foreign jurisdiction.
results of operations by segment the following tables set forth net sales and sop for our segments for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile our total segment results to our consolidated results presented in accordance with u.s. gaap:
income before provision (benefit) for income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries      $1,184                $1,073
net sales. net sales increased $13 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was due to favorable mix, primarily driven by our fountain business, and higher pricing. the increases were partially offset by higher discounts primarily driven by our fountain business, unfavorable foreign currency translation of $11 million and a slight reduction in our concentrate case sales.
sop. sop increased $17 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with the year ended december 31, 2014, driven primarily by an increase in net sales and a decrease in cost of sales. the decrease in cost of sales was primarily driven by a favorable lifo comparison, favorable manufacturing and delivery costs, ongoing productivity improvements and lower commodity costs.
volume (bcs). volume (bcs) was flat for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. schweppes had gains of 8% driven by distribution gains in our seltzer water and growth in the ginger ale category. our core 4 brands increased 1% compared to the prior year as a result of a 7% increase in canada dry, partially offset by a 7% decrease in 7up, a 4% decline in sunkist soda and a 3% decrease in a&w. these increases were fully offset by decreases in dr pepper, crush and our other brands. dr pepper decreased 1%, driven primarily by declines in our diet products. crush decreased 1% for the current year. our other brands declined 3%.
volume. branded csd volumes were flat for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. squirt increased 5% compared to the prior year driven primarily by our hispanic strategy. volume for our core 4 brands increased 1%, led by a 13% increase in canada dry and a 1% gain in a&w, partially offset by a 5% decrease in 7up and a 3% decline in sunkist soda. these increases were fully offset by 1% declines in dr pepper, driven primarily by declines in our diet products, rc cola and our other csd brands.
branded ncb volumes increased 6% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. our water category increased 22% primarily due to distribution gains for bai brands and marketing investments behind fiji. snapple gained 6% primarily driven by product innovation and distribution gains, while hawaiian punch increased 4% primarily as a result of package innovation. clamato increased 6% while mott's was flat. our other ncb brands were 2% higher compared to the prior year, led by venom.
net sales. net sales increased $183 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. net sales increased due to favorable product mix, higher branded sales volumes and net pricing increases, partially offset by $22 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
sop. sop increased $73 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with the year ended december 31, 2014, as a result of an increase in net sales partially offset by increases in cost of sales and sg&a expenses. cost of sales increased as a result of higher costs associated with product mix and increased branded sales volumes. these increases in our cost of sales were partially offset by lower commodity costs, led by packaging, and ongoing productivity improvements. sg&a expenses increased due primarily to higher people costs, which were driven by inflationary increases and the impact of increased sales volumes. other drivers of the change included an increase in litigation expense and higher incentive compensation, partially offset by favorable foreign currency effects. the increase in litigation expense was the result of various settlements agreed to during the year and the unfavorable comparison of a litigation provision reversed in the prior year. the impact of the favorable foreign currency effects, which decreased cost of sales and sg&a expenses, totaled $6 million.
volume. sales volume increased 8% for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in sales volume was primarily driven by a 14% increase in peñafiel as a result of distribution gains and increased promotional activity. squirt grew by 8% as a result of increased sales to third party bottlers. clamato increased 22% due to distribution gains and increased promotional activity, while 7up increased 4%. these increases were partially offset by declines in crush and aguafiel of 4% and 1%, respectively, while our other brands decreased 6%.
net sales. net sales decreased $35 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. net sales decreased as a result of unfavorable foreign currency translation of $82 million, which was partially offset by increased sales volume.
sop. sop increased $10 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014, driven by decreases in cost of sales and sg&a expenses, which were partially offset by a decrease in net sales. cost of sales decreased in the current year primarily as a result of favorable foreign currency effects, ongoing productivity improvements, and lower commodity costs, led by packaging, which were partially offset by higher costs associated with increased sales volumes. sg&a expenses decreased in the current year primarily due to favorable foreign currency effects and lower marketing investments, which were partially offset by higher logistics costs, driven by increased sales volumes. the impact of the favorable foreign currency effects, which decreased cost of sales and sg&a expenses, totaled $52 million.
gross profit                                                                                                   3,630            59.3                  3,498             58.3                 132                4
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                                                                             -               -                     56              0.9                 (56    )       nm income from operations                                                                                         1,180            19.3                  1,046             17.4                 134               13
other expense (income), net                                                                                        -               -                    383              6.4                (383    )       nm income before provision (benefit) for income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries       1,073            17.5                    542              9.0                 531            nm provision (benefit) for income taxes                                                                             371             6.1                    (81    )        (1.4   )             452            nm net income                                                                                                       703            11.5                    624             10.4                  79               13   %
effective tax rate                                                                                              34.6    %         nm                  (14.9   )%          nm                  nm            nm volume (bcs). volume (bcs) increased 1% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. in the u.s. and canada, volume was flat, and in mexico and the caribbean, volume increased 5%, compared with the year ago period. branded csd volume increased 1% while branded ncb volume declined 1%.
in branded ncbs, decreases were driven by a 7% decrease in hawaiian punch as a result of category declines and increased competitive activity, a 1% decline in our other ncb brands in total, and a 1% decrease in mott's as a result of declines in apple sauce. the decline was partially offset by a 7% increase in clamato, driven by increased promotional activity, and 3% growth in our water category primarily driven by new distribution arrangements for bai 5 and sparkling fruit2o and distribution gains in fiji and vita coco. snapple increased 1% for the current period as growth in our higher margin snapple premium products was partially offset by our de-emphasis on our value products.
net sales. net sales increased $124 million, or approximately 2%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. the primary drivers of the increase were favorable product and package mix, increased branded sales volume, higher pricing driven by the mexican sugar tax and an increase in contract manufacturing. these drivers were partially offset by $35 million in unfavorable foreign currency translation and higher discounts, driven primarily by the annual true-up of our prior year estimated customer liability.
gross profit. gross profit increased $132 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. gross margin was 59.3% and 58.3% for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the drivers of the favorable change in gross margin were lower commodity costs, net of the change in our lifo inventory provision, ongoing productivity improvements and mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts, which increased gross margin 1.1%, 0.8% and 0.4%, respectively. these drivers were partially offset by unfavorable product, package and segment mix, the net impact of the mexican sugar tax, unfavorable foreign currency effects and an increase in other manufacturing costs, which decreased gross margin by 0.5%, 0.4%, 0.2% and 0.2%, respectively.
the favorable mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $11 million in unrealized gains versus $15 million in unrealized losses in the prior year. the unfavorable comparison in our lifo inventory provision was the result of a $3 million increase in the provision for the year ended december 31, 2014 versus a $39 million decrease in the provision for the year ended december 31, 2013 driven primarily by apple prices.
sg&a expenses. sg&a expenses increased $62 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the prior year. the increase was primarily driven by the following items:
•   a $23 million unfavorable comparison in the mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts;
•   higher logistics costs from our third party carriers partially driven by tighter than expected overall system capacity; and
•   pension settlement charges of $16 million, of which $14 million related to the purchase of annuities for certain participants receiving benefits in our u.s. defined benefit pension plans.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, we recognized $24 million in unrealized losses related to the mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts versus $1 million in unrealized losses in the year ago period.
these items were partially offset by a planned reduction of $13 million for our marketing investments, the favorable impact of foreign currency and the favorable comparison of the $7 million in workforce reduction costs related to certain restructuring activities in the prior year.
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal. we recognized a non-cash charge of $56 million related to our withdrawal from local 710 during the year ended december 31, 2013. refer to note 14 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information on this charge.
income from operations. income from operations increased $134 million to $1,180 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, due primarily to the increase in gross profit and the favorable comparison to the non-cash charge for the multi-employer pension plan withdrawal taken in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in our sg&a expenses.
interest expense. interest expense decreased $14 million, or approximately 11%, for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared with the year ago period primarily due to the favorable impact of our fair value hedges and the repayment of our 6.12% senior unsecured notes in may 2013.
other expense (income), net and provision (benefit) for income taxes. through the second quarter of 2013, we recorded indemnification income from mondelēz under the tax indemnity agreement as other expense (income), net in the consolidated statements of income. due to the completion of the irs audit for our 2006-2008 federal income tax returns in august 2013, we recognized an income tax benefit of $463 million primarily related to decreasing our liability for unrecognized tax benefits and $430 million of other expense, net, as we no longer anticipate collecting amounts from mondelēz. in june 2013, a bill was enacted by the canadian government, which reduced amounts amortized for income tax purposes. as a result, we recognized $38 million of indemnity income due to the reduction of our long-term liability to mondelēz and $50 million of income tax expense for the reduction of our tax assets.
the following table excludes these amounts discussed above from our other expense (income), net, income before provision (benefit) for income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries and provision (benefit) for income taxes lines within our consolidated statements of income. we have presented this table as we believe the effect of those items on these lines and on our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2013 are not meaningful as reported.
(in millions)                                                                                                  as reported        completion of the irs audit in august 2013                   enactment of the canadian bill in june 2013              as reported excluding tax and indemnity items             for the year ended december 31, 2014
income before provision (benefit) for income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries         542                                          430                                                     (38                )                                      934                                               1,073
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                                                             (81     )                                    463                                                     (50                )                                      332                                                 371
results of operations by segment the following tables set forth net sales and sop for our segments for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile our total segment results to our consolidated results presented in accordance with u.s. gaap:
income before provision (benefit) for income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries      $1,073                  $542
net sales. net sales decreased $1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease was due to higher discounts and unfavorable foreign currency translation, largely offset by an increase in concentrate prices, a slight increase in sales volumes and higher licensing revenue. the higher discounts were primarily driven by the annual true-up of our prior year estimated customer liability.
sop. sop increased $12 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared with the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily driven by decreases in sg&a expenses and favorability in cost of sales. the decrease in cost of sales was primarily driven by lower commodity costs, led by sweeteners, and ongoing productivity improvements, partially offset by an unfavorable lifo comparison of $3 million and higher costs associated with increased sales volumes. the decrease in sg&a expenses was the result of $15 million in planned lower marketing investments, partially offset by increased people costs.
volume (bcs). volume (bcs) was flat for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. dr pepper decreased 2%, driven primarily by declines in our diet products. our other brands decreased 10%, primarily due to the discontinuation of welch's. these decreases were partially offset by growth in schweppes, our core 4 brands and crush. schweppes had a 10% increase driven by distribution gains in our seltzer water and growth in the ginger ale category. our core 4 brands increased 3% compared to the prior year as a result of a 6% increase in canada dry and 3% increase in sunkist soda partially offset by a 4% decrease in 7up and a 1% decline in a&w. crush grew 1% for the current year.
volume. branded csd volumes increased 1% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. volume for our core 4 brands increased 2% compared to the prior year period, led by a 11% increase in canada dry, partially offset by a 2% decline in sunkist soda. 7up and a&w volumes were flat in the current year. squirt increased 7% compared to the prior year period due to higher promotional activity and package innovation. rc cola increased 6%. our other csd brands increased 1% in the current year. these increases were partially offset by a 2% decrease in dr pepper, driven primarily by declines in our diet products.
branded ncb volumes decreased 1%, driven primarily by a 6% decline in hawaiian punch as a result of increased competitive activity and category declines. our other ncb brands decreased 2%, while mott's decreased 1% due to declines in apple sauce. these decreases were partially offset by a 12% increase in our water category and a 7% increase in clamato as a result of increased promotional activity. growth in our water category was primarily driven by new distribution arrangements for bai 5 and sparkling fruit2o and distribution gains in fiji and vita coco. snapple volumes were flat for the current period as growth in our higher margin snapple premium products was fully offset by our de-emphasis on our value products.
net sales. net sales increased $55 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. net sales increased due to favorable product mix, higher branded sales volumes, an increase in contract manufacturing and lower discounts, partially offset by increased promotional activity and unfavorable foreign currency translation.
sop. sop increased $111 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared with the year ended december 31, 2013 as a result of the favorable comparison to the $56 million multi-employer pension plan withdrawal recorded in the prior year and increases in net sales. increases in sg&a expenses were fully offset by a reduction in cost of sales.
cost of sales declined as favorable commodity costs, net of the $39 million unfavorable lifo comparison, and ongoing productivity improvements were partially offset by increased costs associated with product and package mix, increased costs associated with higher branded sales volumes and higher other manufacturing costs.
•   higher logistics costs from our third party carriers driven by tighter than expected overall transportation system capacity;
•   additional operating costs associated with the acquisitions of dr pepper/7-up bottling company of the west ("dp/7up west") and davis bottling co., inc. ("davis"); and
•   the $4 million unfavorable comparison of activity related to a case against the american bottling company ("abc litigation") as we recorded a $2 million decrease in our legal provision in the current year versus a $6 million reduction in our legal provision in the prior year.
volume. sales volume increased 5% for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in sales volume was primarily driven by a 21% increase in peñafiel as a result of product innovation. 7up grew by 17% in the caribbean due to increased promotional activity, while clamato grew 6%. squirt, crush and aguafiel declined 5%, 21% and 7%, respectively, as a result of the mexican sugar tax. our other brands in total were flat.
net sales. net sales increased $70 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. net sales increased as a result of higher pricing driven by the impact of the mexican sugar tax, favorable mix and increased sales volume, partially offset by $19 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
sop. sop increased $17 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013, driven by increases in net sales, partially offset by increases in cost of sales and sg&a expenses. cost of sales grew in the current year primarily as a result of the mexican sugar tax. other drivers of the change in cost of sales included higher costs associated with increased sales volumes and product and package mix, partially offset by lower commodity costs, led by packaging and sweeteners, and ongoing productivity improvements. sg&a expenses increased primarily due to higher logistics costs and increased people costs as a result of higher commissions, partially offset by favorable foreign currency translation. the benefit of higher pricing was offset by increased costs due to the mexican sugar tax.
liquidity and capital resources trends and uncertainties affecting liquidity customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by various risk factors discussed in item 1a, "risk factors", including recession or other economic downturn in the u.s., mexico and the caribbean or canada, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume. similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors. these disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to us, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to timely supply materials.
we believe that the following events, trends and uncertainties may also impact liquidity:
•   the $500 million repayment of our outstanding 2016 notes, which were paid at maturity on january 15, 2016;
•   continued capital expenditures;
•   seasonality of our operating cash flows could impact short-term liquidity;
•   our ability to issue unsecured commercial paper notes ("commercial paper") on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $500 million;
•   future equity investments in allied brands and/or acquisitions of regional bottling companies, distributors and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage.
financing arrangements the following descriptions represent our available financing arrangements as of december 31, 2015. as of december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with all covenant requirements for our senior unsecured notes, unsecured credit agreement and commercial paper program.
commercial paper program on december 10, 2010, we entered into a commercial paper program under which we may issue commercial paper on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $500 million. the maturities of the commercial paper will vary, but may not exceed 364 days from the date of issuance. we issue commercial paper as needed for general corporate purposes. the program is supported by the revolver (as defined below). outstanding commercial paper reduces the amount of borrowing capacity available under the revolver and outstanding amounts under the revolver reduce the commercial paper availability. under this program, we had weighted average commercial paper borrowings of $23 million, $67 million and $62 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, with maturities of 90 days or less. these commercial paper borrowings had a weighted average rate of 0.50%, 0.23% and 0.28% for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had no commercial paper outstanding.
unsecured credit agreement on september 25, 2012, we entered into a five-year unsecured credit agreement (the "credit agreement"), which provides for a $500 million revolving line of credit (the "revolver"). borrowings under the revolver bear interest at a floating rate per annum based upon the alternate base rate ("abr") or the eurodollar rate, in each case plus an applicable margin which varies based upon our debt ratings. rates range from 0.000% to 0.300% for abr loans and from 0.795% to 1.300% for eurodollar loans. the abr is defined as the greater of (a) jpmorgan chase bank's prime rate, (b) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.500% and (c) the adjusted libor for a one month interest period. the adjusted libor is the london interbank offered rate for dollars adjusted for a statutory reserve rate set by the board of governors of the u.s. federal reserve system.
additionally, the revolver is available for the issuance of letters of credit and swingline advances not to exceed $75 million and $50 million, respectively. swingline advances will accrue interest at a rate equal to the abr plus the applicable margin. letters of credit and swingline advances will reduce, on a dollar for dollar basis, the amount available under the revolver.
the following table provides amounts utilized and available under the revolver and each sublimit arrangement type as of december 31, 2015:
letters of credit    -                                       75
the credit agreement further provides that we may request at any time, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, that the aggregate commitments under the facility be increased by a total amount not to exceed $250 million.
the credit agreement's representations, warranties, covenants and events of default are generally customary for investment grade credit and include a covenant that requires us to maintain a ratio of consolidated total debt (as defined in the credit agreement) to annualized consolidated ebitda (as defined in the credit agreement) of no more than 3.00 to 1.00, tested quarterly. upon the occurrence of an event of default, among other things, amounts outstanding under the credit agreement may be accelerated and the commitments may be terminated. our obligations under the credit agreement are guaranteed by certain of our direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries on the terms set forth in the credit agreement. the credit agreement has a maturity date of september 25, 2017; however, with the consent of lenders holding more than 50% of the total commitments under the credit agreement and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, we may extend the maturity date for up to two additional one-year terms.
a facility fee is payable quarterly to the lenders on the unused portion of the commitments available under the revolver equal to 0.08% to 0.20% per annum, depending upon our debt ratings.
shelf registration statement on february 7, 2013, our board authorized us to issue up to $1,500 million of securities from time to time. subsequently, we filed a "well-known seasoned issuer" shelf registration statement with the sec, effective may 23, 2013, which registers an indeterminable amount of securities for future sales. on november 9, 2015, we issued senior unsecured notes of $750 million, as described in note 9 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, leaving $750 million available for issuance under the authorization as of december 31, 2015.
letters of credit facilities we currently have letters of credit facilities available in addition to the portion of the revolver reserved for issuance of letters of credit. under these incremental letters of credit facilities, $120 million is available for the issuance of letters of credit, $60 million of which was utilized as of december 31, 2015 and $60 million of which remains available for use.
liquidity based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our operating cash flows and cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. to the extent that our operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary.
the following table summarizes our cash activity for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:
net cash provided by operating activities      $991              $1,022              $866
net cash used in investing activities          (194   )            (185   )          (195   )
net cash used in financing activities          (114   )            (747   )          (880   )
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities decreased $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to unfavorable working capital comparisons to the prior year.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $156 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to the increase in net income and the favorable working capital comparisons to the prior year.
net cash used in investing activities
cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 consisted primarily of purchases of property, plant and equipment of $179 million and investments in ba sports nutrition, llc and bai brands, llc of $20 million and $15 million, respectively, partially offset by $20 million of proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment.
cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2014, consisted primarily of purchases of property, plant and equipment of $170 million and $19 million paid in connection with the acquisition of davis.
cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2013, consisted primarily of purchases of property, plant and equipment of $179 million and cash paid to liquidate the liabilities assumed and expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition of dp/7up west of $10 million.
net cash used in financing activities
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily consisted of stock repurchases of $521 million and dividend payments of $355 million, largely offset by proceeds from our issuance of senior unsecured notes.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily consisted of stock repurchases of $400 million and dividend payments of $317 million.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily consisted of stock repurchases of $400 million and dividend payments of $302 million.
on may 1, 2013, we repaid $250 million of our 6.12% senior notes due may 1, 2013 at maturity.
capital expenditures capital expenditures were $179 million, $170 million and $179 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily related to machinery and equipment including production improvements in our mexico facilities, distribution fleet and buildings and improvements. capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily related to machinery and equipment including production improvements in our mexico facilities, our distribution fleet, it investments and expansion and replacement of existing cold drink equipment. for the year ended december 31, 2013, capital expenditures primarily related to machinery and equipment, it investments, expansion and replacement of existing cold drink equipment and our distribution fleet.
in 2016, we expect to incur annual capital expenditures, net of proceeds from disposals, in an amount of approximately 3% of our net sales, which we expect to fund through cash provided by operating activities.
cash and cash equivalents as a result of the above items, cash and cash equivalents increased $674 million since december 31, 2014 to $911 million as of december 31, 2015, primarily driven by our net cash provided by operating activities and issuance of senior unsecured notes, partially offset by increased distributions to our shareholders.
our cash balances are used to fund working capital requirements, scheduled debt and interest payments, income tax obligations, repurchases of our common stock, dividend payments and capital expenditures. cash generated by our foreign operations is generally repatriated to the u.s. periodically except when required to fund working capital requirements in those jurisdictions. foreign cash balances were $52 million and $51 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we accrue tax costs for repatriation, as applicable, as cash is generated in those foreign jurisdictions.
acquisitions and investments we have made acquisitions to strengthen our route to market in the u.s. and support efforts to build and enhance our leading brands. on october 31, 2014, we acquired certain assets and liabilities of davis in exchange for $19 million in cash and a $2 million holdback liability to satisfy any working capital adjustments and applicable indemnification claims, pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the company paid out $1 million of the holdback liability. additionally, on february 25, 2013, we acquired certain assets of dp/7up west in exchange for $23 million consisting of the issuance by us of 313,105 shares of common stock to dp/7up west and the assumption of certain liabilities of dp/7up west to consummate the transaction.
we have also made strategic investments in allied brands to strengthen our existing distribution partnerships. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the company acquired an 11.7% equity interest in ba sports nutrition, llc for $20 million, as well as a minor equity interest in bai brands, llc for $15 million.
we may continue to make future equity investments in allied brands and/or acquisitions of regional bottling companies, distributors and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage. any acquisitions may require additional funding for future capital expenditures and possibly restructuring expenses.
total shareholder distributions our board declared aggregate dividends during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 of $1.92, $1.64 and $1.52, respectively, and we continued common stock repurchases based upon authorizations from our board. the following chart details these payments during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.we increased our shareholder distributions 22% and 2%, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014.refer to part ii, item 5 "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding these repurchases.
contractual commitments and obligations we enter into various contractual obligations that impact, or could impact, our liquidity. based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our proceeds from operating cash flows and cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations. to the extent that our operating cash flows and cash on hand are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary. refer to note 9 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the senior unsecured notes payments described in this table.
capital leases(2)                                          179                  16                17                16                16                16                  98
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal payments(6)          84                   2                 2                 3                 2                 3                  72
(1)   amounts represent payment for the senior unsecured notes issued by us. please refer to note 9 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
(2)   amounts represent our contractual payment obligations for our lease arrangements classified as capital leases. these amounts exclude renewal options not yet executed but were included in the lease term to determine the capital lease obligation as the lease imposes a penalty on us in such amount that the renewal appeared reasonably assured at lease inception.
(3)   amounts represent minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases.
(4)   amounts represent payments under agreements to purchase goods or services that are legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including capital obligations and long-term contractual obligations. long-term contractual obligations include, but are not limited to, commodity commitments and marketing commitments including sponsorships. amounts exclude any gain or loss upon settlement of commodity derivative instruments. refer to note 10 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
(5)   amounts represent our estimated interest payments based on specified interest rates for fixed rate debt and the impact of interest rate swaps that effectively convert fixed interest rates to variable interest rates. amounts exclude any gain or loss upon settlement of related interest rate swaps. refer to note 10 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
(6)   amounts represent our contractual payment obligations and interest payments for our multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liabilities.
amounts excluded from our table as of december 31, 2015, we had $14 million of non-current unrecognized tax benefits, related interest and penalties classified as a long-term liability. the table above does not reflect any payments related to these amounts as it is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the amount or timing of the payment. refer to note 12 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
the total accrued benefit liability representing the underfunded position for pension and other postretirement benefit plans recognized as of december 31, 2015 was approximately $44 million. this amount is impacted by, among other items, funding levels, plan amendments, changes in plan assumptions and the investment return on plan assets. we did not include estimated payments related to our total accrued benefit liability in the table above.
the pension protection act of 2006 was enacted in august 2006 and established, among other things, new standards for funding of u.s. defined benefit pension plans. we generally expect to fund all future contributions with cash flows from operating activities. our international pension plans are generally funded in accordance with local laws and income tax regulations. we did not include our estimated contributions to our various single employer plans in the table above.
refer to note 14 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our single employer plans discussed above.
we have a deferred compensation plan where the assets are maintained in a rabbi trust and the corresponding liability related to the plan is recorded in other non-current liabilities. we did not include estimated payments related to the deferred compensation liability as the timing and payment of these amounts are determined by the participants and outside our control. refer to note 2 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
in general, we are covered under conventional insurance programs with high deductibles or are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims. our accrued liabilities for our losses related to these programs is estimated through actuarial procedures of the insurance industry and by using industry assumptions, adjusted for our specific expectations based on our claim history. as of december 31, 2015, our accrued liabilities for our losses related to these programs totaled approximately $117 million. refer to notes 8 and 11 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information. we did not include estimated payments related to our insurance liability in the table above.
off-balance sheet arrangements we currently participate in three multi-employer pension plans. in the event that we withdraw from participation in one of these plans, the plan will ultimately assess us a withdrawal liability for exiting the plan, and u.s. gaap would require us to record the withdrawal charge as an expense in our consolidated statements of income and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheets once the multi-employer pension withdrawal charge is probable and estimable. there are no other off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources other than letters of credit outstanding.
refer to note 9 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding outstanding letters of credit.
critical accounting estimates the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. critical accounting estimates are both fundamental to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results and require difficult, subjective or complex estimates and assessments. these estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, future expectations and other factors and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. the most significant estimates and judgments are reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised when necessary. we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess or measure our critical accounting estimates. we have identified the items described below as our critical accounting estimates. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use in our critical accounting estimates. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material to our consolidated financial statements. see note 2 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these and other accounting policies.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       effect if actual results differ from assumptions goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets for goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets, we conduct tests for impairment annually, as of october 1, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. we use present value and other valuation techniques to make this assessment. if the carrying amount of goodwill or an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. for purposes of impairment testing we assign goodwill to the reporting unit that benefits from the synergies arising from each business combination and also assign indefinite lived intangible assets to our reporting units. we define reporting units as beverage concentrates, latin america beverages, and packaged beverages' two reporting units, dsd and wd.                       for our detailed impairment analysis, we used an income based approach to determine the fair value of our assets, as well as an overall consideration of market capitalization and our enterprise value. these types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate industry and economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. these assumptions could be negatively impacted by various risks discussed in "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k.   the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets as of december 31, 2015, were $2,988 million and $2,654 million, respectively.
the impairment test for indefinite lived intangible assets encompasses calculating a fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset and comparing the fair value to its carrying value. if the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, impairment is recorded. the impairment tests for goodwill include comparing a fair value of the respective reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill and considering any indefinite lived intangible asset impairment charges ("step 1"). if the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, impairment is indicated and a second step ("step 2") analysis must be performed.                                                                                                                                                                                                critical assumptions include revenue growth and profit performance, as well as an appropriate discount rate. discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of equity and cost of debt, adjusted with various risk premiums. for 2015, such discount rates ranged from 5.00% to 10.35%.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      as of october 1. 2015, we recorded a $7 million impairment charge for our garden cocktail brand, which is described further in note 7 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements. we have not identified any other impairments in goodwill or other indefinite lived intangible assets during the past three years.
the effect of a 1% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of october 1, 2015 would not change our conclusion, as the fair value of the reporting units would still exceed the carrying value for all of our goodwill by at least 100%.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                effect if actual results differ from assumptions revenue recognition we recognize revenue, net of the costs of our customer incentives, at the time risk of loss has been transferred to our customer.                                                                                                                                                    our customer incentives and marketing accrual methodology contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate our customer participation and volume performance levels which impact the expense recognition. our estimate of the amount and timing of customer participation and volume performance levels is based primarily on a combination of known or historical transaction experience and forecasted volumes. differences between estimated expenses and actual costs are normally insignificant and are recognized to earnings in the period differences are determined.   a 10% change in the accrual for our customer incentives and marketing programs as of december 31, 2015, would have affected our net sales and sg&amp;a expenses by $24 million and $4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015.
accruals for customer incentives and marketing programs are established for the expected payout based on contractual terms, volume-based metrics and/or historical trends.                                                                                                           further judgment is required to ensure the classification of the spend is correctly recorded as either a reduction from gross sales or advertising and marketing expense.
pension benefits we have several pension plans covering employees who satisfy age and length of service requirements. depending on the plan, pension benefits are based on a combination of factors, which may include salary, age and years of service.                                              the calculation of pension plan obligations and related expenses is dependent on several assumptions used to estimate the present value of the benefits earned while the employee is eligible to participate in the plans.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 the effect of a 1% increase or decrease in the weighted-average discount rate used to determine the pension benefit obligations for u.s. plans would change the benefit obligation as of december 31, 2015 by approximately a $21 million decrease and a $26 million increase, respectively. the effect of a 1% increase or decrease in the weighted-average discount rate used to determine the net periodic pension costs would change the costs for the year ended december 31, 2015 by approximately $2 million. the effect of a 1% increase or decrease in the expected return on plan assets used to determine the net periodic pension costs would change the costs for the year ended december 31, 2015 by approximately $2 million.
our largest u.s. defined benefit pension plan, which is a cash balance plan, was suspended and the accrued benefit was frozen effective december 31, 2008. participants in this plan no longer earn additional benefits for future services or salary increases.                     the key assumptions we use in the actuarial methods to determine the plan obligations and related expenses include: (1) the discount rate used to calculate the present value of the plan liabilities; (2) retirement age and mortality; and (3) the expected return on plan assets. our assumptions reflect our historical experience and our best judgment regarding future performance.
employee benefit plan obligations and expenses included in our consolidated financial statements are determined from actuarial analyses based on plan assumptions, employee demographic data, years of service, compensation, benefits paid and employer contributions.              refer to note 14 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information about the key assumptions.
risk management programs we retain selected levels of property, casualty, workers' compensation, health and other business risks. many of these risks are covered under conventional insurance programs with high deductibles or self-insured retentions.                                                     we believe the use of actuarial methods to estimate our future losses provides a consistent and effective way to measure our self-insured liabilities. however, the estimation of our liability is judgmental and uncertain given the nature of claims involved and length of time until their ultimate cost is known.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our self-insured liabilities. the final settlement amount of claims can differ materially from our estimate as a result of changes in factors such as the frequency and severity of accidents, medical cost inflation, legislative actions, uncertainty around jury verdicts and awards and other factors outside of our control.
accrued liabilities related to the retained casualty and health risks are calculated based on loss experience and development factors, which contemplate a number of variables including claim history and expected trends. these loss development factors are established in consultation with actuaries.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 a 10% change in our accrued liabilities related to the retained risks, net of associated receivables, as of december 31, 2015 would have affected income from operations by approximately $10 million for the year ended december 31, 2015.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                      effect if actual results differ from assumptions income taxes we establish income tax liabilities to remove some or all of the income tax benefit of any of our income tax positions based upon one of the following: (1) the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained, (2) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount, or (3) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained , but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken.          our liability for uncertain tax positions contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax positions.   our income tax returns, like those of most companies, are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. as these audits progress, events may occur that cause us to change our liability for uncertain tax positions.
we assess the likelihood of realizing our deferred tax assets. valuation allowances reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more likely than not to be realized.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 we base our judgment of the recoverability of our deferred tax asset primarily on historical earnings, our estimate of current and expected future earnings and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.    to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability for uncertain tax positions has been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement may be recognized as a reduction in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution.
effect of recent accounting pronouncements refer to note 2 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards and recently adopted provisions of u.s. gaap.