item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
general management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, referred to as the financial review, is intended to assist the reader in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of the company together with its subsidiaries. this discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying financial notes in item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k. the company's fiscal year begins on april 1 and ends on march 31. unless otherwise noted, all references to a particular year shall mean the company's fiscal year.
certain statements in this report constitute forward-looking statements. see item 1 - business - forward-looking statements in part i of this annual report on form 10-k for additional factors relating to these statements; also see item 1a - risk factors in part i of this annual report on form 10-k for a list of certain risk factors applicable to our business, financial condition and results of operations.
gross profit                                                                        $11,416               $11,411                $8,352             -       %           37       %
revenues for 2016 and 2015 increased 7% and 30% compared to the same periods a year ago. excluding unfavorable foreign currency effects of 2%, revenues increased 9% for 2016. revenues benefited from market growth and expanded volume with existing customers within our north america pharmaceutical distribution businesses. revenues for 2015 also increased as a result of our february 2014 acquisition of celesio ag ("celesio"). market growth reflects growing drug utilization, which includes newly launched drugs and price increases, partially offset by price deflation associated with brand to generic drug conversions.
gross profit was flat in 2016 and increased 37% in 2015 compared to the same periods a year ago. excluding unfavorable foreign currency effects of 4%, gross profit increased 4% in 2016. gross profit margin decreased in 2016 primarily due to a lower sell margin within our north america distribution business driven by increased customer sales volume with some of our largest customers, partially offset by higher buy margin including benefits from our global procurement arrangements, lower lifo-related inventory charges and $76 million in cash receipts representing our share of antitrust legal settlements. additionally, this business has been experiencing weaker generic pharmaceutical pricing trends, which are expected to continue in 2017. gross profit margin increased in 2015 primarily due to our celesio acquisition, higher buy margin including the effects of generic price increases and our mix of business, partially offset by lower sell profit. gross profit included lifo-related inventory charges of $244 million, $337 million and $311 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014.
operating expenses decreased 7% and increased 43% in 2016 and 2015 compared to the same periods a year ago. excluding unfavorable foreign currency effects of 5%, operating expenses decreased 2% in 2016 primarily due to pre-tax gains of $103 million from the sale of two businesses and lower acquisition-related expenses, partially offset by pre-tax restructuring charges of $203 million, as further discussed below. additionally, 2015 operating expenses included a pre-tax and after-tax $150 million charge associated with the settlement of controlled substance distribution claims with the drug enforcement administration ("dea"), department of justice ("doj") and various u.s. attorney's offices.
on march 14, 2016, the company committed to a restructuring plan to lower its operating costs ("cost alignment plan"). the cost alignment plan primarily consists of a reduction in workforce and business process initiatives that will be substantially implemented prior to the end of 2019. during the fourth quarter of 2016, we recorded $229 million of pre-tax restructuring charges primarily representing severance and employee-related costs. the charges were included in our results as follows: $26 million in cost of sales and $203 million in operating expenses.
operating expenses increased in 2015 primarily due to our business acquisitions, including increases in acquisition-related expenses and intangible asset amortization, and higher compensation and benefit costs. additionally, operating expenses for 2015 included the $150 million settlement charge and for 2014, included $68 million of pre-tax charges associated with our average wholesale price ("awp") litigation.
income from continuing operations before income taxes increased in 2016 compared with the prior year primarily due to lower operating expenses, and increased in 2015 primarily due to higher gross profit, partially offset by higher operating and interest expense.
our reported income tax rates were 27.9%, 30.7% and 34.9% in 2016, 2015 and 2014. income tax expense for 2014 included a charge of $122 million relating to our litigation with the canadian revenue agency ("cra").
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for 2016 and 2015 primarily reflects the recurring annual compensation and the guaranteed dividends that mckesson is obligated to pay to the noncontrolling shareholders of celesio under the domination and profit and loss transfer agreement (the "domination agreement"), which became effective in december 2014.
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, for 2015 included pre-tax non-cash impairment charges of $241 million ($235 million after-tax) associated with our brazilian pharmaceutical distribution business, which we acquired through our acquisition of celesio. on january 31, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell this business to a third party. the sale is expected to be completed during the first half of 2017, subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions. we expect to recognize an after-tax charge of approximately $80 million to $100 million upon the disposition of the business within discontinued operations as a result of settlement of certain indemnifications. loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, for 2014 included a non-cash pre-tax and after-tax impairment charge of $80 million related to our international technology business, which was sold in part in 2015.
we have recently acquired or have agreements to acquire a number of businesses whose financial results will be reported within our distribution solutions segment from their respective acquisition date. these businesses are described in financial note 2, "business combinations" to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
distribution solutions north america pharmaceutical distribution and services revenues increased over the last two years primarily due to market growth, expanded business with existing customers and our mix of business. these increases were partially offset by customer losses. market growth reflects growing drug utilization, which includes newly launched drugs and price increases, partially offset by price deflation associated with brand to generic drug conversions. additionally, our 2015 revenues benefited from newly launched drugs for the treatment of hepatitis c.
international pharmaceutical distribution and services revenues for 2016 decreased 11%. excluding unfavorable foreign currency effects of 12%, revenues increased 1% in 2016 primarily reflecting higher revenues in the united kingdom due to a new distribution agreement with a manufacturer, which was almost fully offset by lower revenues in norway associated with the loss of a hospital contract. revenues increased in 2015 primarily due to our acquisition of celesio in february 2014.
technology solutions technology solutions revenues decreased over the last two years primarily due to a decline in hospital software revenues, partially offset by higher revenues in our other businesses. additionally, 2016 revenues decreased as a result of the sale of our nurse triage business and the transition of our workforce business within our international technology business to a third party during the first quarter of 2016. revenues decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to a decline in hospital software revenues, the planned elimination of a product line and lower revenues from the workforce business within our international technology business, which was transitioned to another service provider during the first quarter of 2016. these decreases were partially offset by higher revenues in our other businesses.
gross profit:
gross profit distribution solutions (1) (2)      $9,948                  $9,937                  $6,745               -         %         47       %
gross profit margin distribution solutions                5.29       %            5.65       %            5.03       %       (36   )   bp        62       bp technology solutions                 50.88                   48.03                   48.26               285                (23   )
(1)   gross profit for our distribution solutions segment includes lifo expenses of $244 million, $337 million and $311 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, and for 2016 and 2014 includes $76 million and $37 million of net cash proceeds representing our share of antitrust legal settlements.
(2)   gross profit includes pre-tax restructuring charges of $5 million and $21 million for the cost alignment plan within our distribution solutions segment and technology solutions segment in 2016.
gross profit was flat in 2016 and increased 37% in 2015 compared to the same periods a year ago. excluding unfavorable foreign currency effects of 4%, gross profit increased 4% in 2016. gross profit margin decreased in 2016 and increased in 2015. these changes were primarily due to our distribution solutions segment.
distribution solutions distribution solutions segment's gross profit was flat in 2016 and increased in 2015. excluding unfavorable foreign currency effects of 4%, gross profit increased 4% in 2016. gross profit margin decreased in 2016 primarily due to a lower sell margin within our north america distribution business driven by increased customer sales volume with some of our largest customers, partially offset by higher buy margin including benefits from our global procurement arrangements, lower lifo-related inventory charges and $76 million in cash receipts representing our share of antitrust legal settlements. additionally, this business has been experiencing weaker generic pharmaceutical pricing trends, which are expected to continue in 2017. buy margin primarily reflects volume and timing of compensation we receive from pharmaceutical manufacturers, including the effects of price increases of both branded and generic drugs.
gross profit margin increased in 2015 primarily due to our celesio acquisition, higher buy margin including the effects of generic price increases and our mix of business, partially offset by lower sell profit. gross profit margin for 2015 was unfavorably affected by the increased sales associated with newly launched drugs for the treatment of hepatitis c. additionally, gross profit margin for 2014 included a $50 million charge for the reversal of a fair value step-up of inventory acquired through our celesio acquisition and $37 million of cash receipts representing our share of antitrust settlements.
our lifo-related inventory expenses were $244 million, $337 million and $311 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014. our north america distribution business uses the lifo method of accounting for the majority of its inventories, which results in cost of sales that more closely reflects replacement cost than under other accounting methods. the business' practice is to pass on to customers published price changes from suppliers. manufacturers generally provide us with price protection, which limits price-related inventory losses. a lifo expense is recognized when the net effect of price increases on pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory exceeds the net impact of price declines, including the effect of branded pharmaceutical products that have lost market exclusivity. a lifo credit is recognized when the net effect of price declines exceeds the net impact of price increases on pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory. our annual lifo expense is affected by changes in year-end inventory quantities, product mix and manufacturer pricing practices, which may be influenced by market and other external influences. changes to any of the above factors could have a material impact to our annual lifo expense. lifo expense decreased in 2016 primarily due to the impact of lower price increases.
as a result of cumulative net price deflation, at march 31, 2013, pharmaceutical inventories at lifo were more than market and accordingly, a $60 million lower-of-cost or market ("lcm") reserve reduced inventories to market. starting in 2014, we have experienced net inflation in our pharmaceutical inventories and lifo-related charges were incurred, and accordingly, the $60 million lcm reserve was fully released resulting in an increase in gross profit. as of march 31, 2016 and 2015, pharmaceutical inventories at lifo did not exceed market.
technology solutions technology solutions segment's gross profit decreased over the last two years. gross profit margin increased in 2016 and decreased in 2015. in addition to changes in our mix of business, gross profit margin was impacted by:
2016 vs. 2015: gross profit margin benefited from the sale of our nurse triage business, transitioning of our workforce business within our international technology business to a third party, and higher pull-through of deferred revenue. these increases were partially offset by $49 million of pre-tax reduction-in-force severance charges, including charges associated with the cost alignment plan. additionally, in 2015 we recorded a $34 million pre-tax non-cash charge representing a catch-up in depreciation and amortization expense associated with our workforce business within our international technology business. this business, which was previously designated as a discontinued operation, was reclassified to a continuing operation in 2015 when we decided to retain the business.
2015 vs. 2014: in 2015, gross profit margin was negatively impacted by the $34 million non-cash depreciation and amortization charge, partially offset by a decrease in product alignment charges. in 2014, we recorded $57 million of pre-tax product alignment charges, which primarily relate to employee severance and asset impairments. charges were recorded in our 2014 financial results as follows: $34 million in cost of sales and $23 million in operating expenses. additionally, gross profit margin was favorably impacted by the planned elimination of a product line.
(1)   operating expenses for 2016 include pre-tax charges associated with the cost alignment plan of $156 million, $30 million and $17 million within our distribution solutions and technology solutions segments, and corporate.
(2)   operating expenses for 2016 include pre-tax gains of $52 million from the sale of our zee medical business within our distribution solutions segment and $51 million from the sale of our nurse triage business within our technology solutions segment.
(3)   operating expenses for 2015 and 2014 include pre-tax claim and litigation charges of $150 million and $68 million.
on march 14, 2016, the company committed to a restructuring plan to lower its operating costs, as previously discussed. the cost alignment plan primarily consists of a reduction in workforce and business process initiatives that will be substantially implemented prior to the end of 2019. business process initiatives primarily include plans to reduce operating costs of our distribution and pharmacy operations, administrative support functions, and technology platforms, as well as the disposal and abandonment of certain non-core businesses.
as a result of the cost alignment plan, the company expects to record total pre-tax charges of approximately $270 million to $290 million. during the fourth quarter of 2016, we recorded $229 million of pre-tax restructuring charges primarily representing severance and employee-related costs. the charges were included in our results as follows: $26 million in cost of sales and $203 million in operating expenses. estimated remaining charges primarily consist of exit-related costs and accelerated depreciation and amortization, which are largely attributed to our distribution solutions segment. estimated savings in 2017 as a result of this plan are approximately $200 million to $220 million. additional information on our cost alignment plan is included in financial note 3, "restructuring" to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this annual report on form 10-k.
distribution solutions distribution solutions segment's operating expenses for 2016 decreased 7% compared to the prior year. excluding unfavorable foreign currency effects of 5%, operating expenses decreased 2%. operating expenses and operating expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased primarily due to a $150 million charge associated with the settlement of controlled substance distribution claims recorded in the prior year, lower acquisition-related expenses relating to integration activities for our acquisitions and the sale of our zee medical business, including a $52 million pre-tax gain on sale. these decreases were partially offset by pre-tax charges of $156 million associated with the cost alignment plan, higher compensation and benefit costs and bad debt expense.
operating expense and operating expenses as a percentage of revenues increased in 2015 compared to the prior year primarily due to our business acquisitions, including increases in acquisition-related expenses and intangible asset amortization, and higher compensation and benefit costs. operating expenses in 2015 also included a $150 million charge associated with the settlement of controlled substance distribution claims with the dea, doj and various u.s. attorney's offices, and 2014 operating expenses included $68 million of charges associated with our awp litigation. refer to financial note 24, "commitments and contingent liabilities," to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the controlled substance distribution claims and the awp litigation.
technology solutions technology solutions segment's operating expenses and operating expenses as a percentage of revenues in 2016 decreased compared to the prior year primarily due to the sale of our nurse triage business in the first quarter of 2016, including a pre-tax gain on sale of $51 million, and lower compensation and benefit costs. these decreases were partially offset by pre-tax charges of $30 million for the cost alignment plan as well as the write-off of internal-use software. operating expenses and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue in 2015 decreased from the comparable year primarily due to lower research and development expenses, integration-related expenses and severance charges.
corporate corporate expenses increased in 2016 compared to the prior year primarily due to pre-tax charges of $17 million associated with the cost alignment plan, partially offset by lower acquisition-related expenses and a decrease in compensation and benefit costs. corporate expenses increased in 2015 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher compensation and benefit costs and asset impairments, partially offset by lower acquisition-related expenses and lower costs associated with corporate initiatives.
acquisition expenses and related adjustments acquisition expenses and related adjustments, which include transaction and integration expenses that are directly related to acquisitions by the company were $114 million, $224 million and $218 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014. expenses primarily related to our business acquisitions and integrations of our february 2014 acquisition of celesio and february 2013 acquisition of pss world medical, inc. ("pssi").
total acquisition expenses and related adjustments      $114              $224              $218
acquisition expenses and related adjustments by segment were as follows:
total acquisition expenses and related adjustments      $114              $224              $218
during 2016, 2015 and 2014, we incurred $9 million, $109 million and $129 million of acquisition-related expenses for our acquisition of celesio and $70 million, $110 million, and $68 million for our acquisition of pssi. these expenses primarily include restructuring, severance, employee retention incentives, outside service fees and other costs to integrate the business, and bridge loan fees. additionally, our acquisition-related expenses for our pssi acquisition include amounts associated with distribution center rationalization and information technology conversions to common platforms. integration activities for our pssi acquisition are substantially completed.
amortization expenses of acquired intangible assets amortization expenses of acquired intangible assets in connection with acquisitions recorded in operating expenses were $423 million, $483 million and $308 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014. amortization expenses decreased in 2016 primarily due to foreign currency effects and intangible assets that were fully amortized. amortization expenses increased in 2015 primarily due to our celesio acquisition.
other income, net in 2016 approximated the prior year and increased in 2015 primarily due to our acquisition of celesio which included higher equity investment income. additionally, 2014 other income, net included a loss on a foreign exchange option relating to our acquisition of celesio.
segment operating profit, corporate expenses, net and interest expense:
segment operating profit (1) (2)
segment operating profit margin distribution solutions                                           1.89       %        1.73       %        1.84       %       16       bp       (11   )   bp technology solutions                                            17.99               14.27               13.45              372                 82
(1)   segment operating profit includes gross profit, net of operating expenses, plus other income, net, for our two operating segments.
(2)   in connection with the cost alignment plan, the company recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of $229 million in 2016. pre-tax charges were recorded as follows: $161 million, $51 million and $17 million within our distribution solutions segment, technology solutions segment and corporate expenses, net.
segment operating profit distribution solutions: operating profit increased over the last two years primarily due to growth in our business and for 2015 due to our business acquisitions. operating profit margin for 2016 increased due to lower operating expenses as a percentage of revenues, partially offset by a decline in gross profit margin. operating profit and operating profit margin in 2016 includes $161 million of pre-tax charges associated with the cost alignment plan, lower lifo charges, and a $52 million pre-tax gain on the sale of our zee medical business. operating profit margin for 2015 decreased primarily due to our acquisition of celesio and the unfavorable impact from the newly launched drugs for hepatitis c, partially offset by our other mix of business. in 2015 and 2014, operating profit and operating profit margin includes $150 million and $68 million of reserve adjustments for estimated probable losses related to our controlled substance distribution claims and awp litigation.
technology solutions: operating profit and operating profit margin increased in 2016 primarily due to higher gross profit margin and a decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. operating profit and operating profit margin for 2016 includes a $51 million pre-tax gain from the sale of our nurse triage business and $51 million of pre-tax charges associated with the cost alignment plan. operating profit margin increased in 2015 from 2014 primarily due to lower operating expenses as a percentage of revenues, partially offset by a decline in gross profit margin. in 2015 and 2014, operating profit and operating profit margin were unfavorably affected by $34 million and $57 million of charges associated with a depreciation and amortization catch-up related to 2014, and product alignment and impairment charges.
interest expense: interest expense decreased in 2016 compared to the prior year primarily due to repayments of debt and certain foreign currency-denominated credit facilities. interest expense increased in 2015 compared to the prior year primarily due to the march 2014 issuance of $4.1 billion of new debt to fund the acquisition of celesio and due to interest on celesio's debt. interest expense for 2014 also included $46 million of bridge loan fees associated with the initial funding of the acquisition of celesio. partially offsetting these increases, interest expense benefited from the repayment of debt in the fourth quarter of 2014.
interest expense fluctuates based on timing, amounts and interest rates of term debt repaid and new term debt issued, as well as amounts incurred associated with financing fees.
income taxes during 2016, 2015 and 2014, income tax expense related to continuing operations was $908 million, $815 million and $757 million, which included net discrete tax benefits of $42 million and $33 million in 2016 and 2015 and a net discrete tax expense of $94 million in 2014. our reported income tax rates were 27.9%, 30.7% and 34.9% in 2016, 2015 and 2014. fluctuations in our reported income tax rates are primarily due to changes within our business mix, including varying proportions of income attributable to foreign countries that have lower income tax rates, and discrete items.
significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax provision and evaluating income tax uncertainties. although our major taxing jurisdictions include the u.s. and canada, we are subject to income taxes in numerous foreign jurisdictions. our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities and uncertain tax liabilities reflect management's best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. we believe that we have made adequate provision for all income tax uncertainties.
we received reassessments from the canada revenue agency ("cra") related to a transfer pricing matter impacting years 2003 through 2013. during 2016, we reached an agreement to settle the transfer pricing matter for years 2003 through 2013 and recorded a net discrete tax benefit of $8 million.
the internal revenue service ("irs") is currently examining our u.s. corporation income tax returns for 2007 through 2009 and may issue a revenue agent report during the first quarter of 2017. we believe that adequate amounts have been reserved for any adjustments that may ultimately result from these examinations, and we do not anticipate a significant impact to our gross unrecognized tax benefits. during 2015, we reached an agreement with the irs to settle all outstanding issues relating to years 2003 through 2006 and recognized discrete tax benefits of $55 million to record previously unrecognized tax benefits and related interest.
in 2015, we committed to a plan to sell our brazilian pharmaceutical distribution business within our distribution solutions segment, which we acquired through our february 2014 acquisition of celesio. loss from discontinued operations, net for 2015 included $241 million of non-cash pre-tax ($235 million after-tax) impairment charges, which were recorded to reduce the carrying value of this business to its estimated fair value, less costs to sell. on january 31, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell the brazilian pharmaceutical distribution business to a third party. the sale is expected to be completed during the first half of 2017, subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions. we expect to recognize an after-tax charge of approximately $80 million to $100 million upon the disposition of the business within discontinued operations as a result of settlement of certain indemnifications.
loss from discontinued operations, net for 2015 also included a pre-tax and after-tax loss of $6 million from the sale of a software business within our international technology business. loss from discontinued operations, net for 2014, included a pre-tax and after-tax loss of $5 million and $7 million within our discontinued operations from the sale of our hospital automation business. additionally, during 2014, we recorded an $80 million non-cash pre-tax and after-tax impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of our international technology business to its estimated fair value less costs to sell. refer to financial note 9, "discontinued operations," to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for 2016 and 2015 primarily represents the guaranteed dividends and the annual recurring compensation that we are obligated to pay to the noncontrolling shareholders of celesio under the domination agreement.  net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests for 2014 primarily represents the portion of celesio's net loss that was not allocable to mckesson corporation.  refer to financial note 10, "noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests," to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
foreign operations our foreign operations represented approximately 17%, 20% and 11% of our consolidated revenues in 2016, 2015 and 2014. foreign operations are subject to certain risks, including currency fluctuations. we monitor our operations and adopt strategies responsive to changes in the economic and political environment in each of the countries in which we operate. we conduct our business worldwide in local currencies including euro, british pound sterling and canadian dollar. as a result, the comparability of our results reported in u.s. dollars can be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  in discussing our operating results, we may use the term "foreign currency effect", which refers to the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates used to convert the local currency results of foreign countries where the functional currency is not the u.s. dollar. we present this information to provide a framework for assessing how our business performed excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations.  in computing foreign currency effect, we translate our current year results in local currencies into u.s dollars by applying average foreign exchange rates of the corresponding prior year periods, and we subsequently compare those results to the previously reported results of the comparable prior year periods in u.s. dollars. additional information regarding our foreign operations is included in financial note 27, "segments of business," to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this annual report on form 10-k.
business combinations refer to financial notes 2 and 16, "business combinations" and "debt and financing activities," to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
2017 outlook information regarding the company's 2017 outlook is contained in our form 8-k dated may 5, 2016. this form 8-k should be read in conjunction with the sections item 1 - business - forward-looking statements and item 1a - risk factors in part i of this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates we consider an accounting estimate to be critical if the estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made and if different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, could have a material impact on our financial condition or results from operations. below are the estimates that we believe are critical to the understanding of our operating results and financial condition. other accounting policies are described in financial note 1, "significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this annual report on form 10-k. because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results may differ from these estimates.
allowance for doubtful accounts: we provide short-term credit and other customer financing arrangements to customers who purchase our products and services. other customer financing primarily relates to guarantees provided to our customers, or their creditors, regarding the repurchase of inventories. we also provide financing to certain customers related to the purchase of pharmacies, which serve as collateral for the loans. we estimate the receivables for which we do not expect full collection based on historical collection rates and specific knowledge regarding the current creditworthiness of our customers and record an allowance in our consolidated financial statements for these amounts.
in determining the appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts, which includes general and specific reserves, the company reviews accounts receivable aging, industry trends, customer financial strength, credit standing, historical write-off trends and payment history to assess the probability of collection. if the frequency and severity of customer defaults due to our customers' financial condition or general economic conditions change, our allowance for uncollectible accounts may require adjustment. as a result, we continuously monitor outstanding receivables and other customer financing and adjust allowances for accounts where collection may be in doubt. during 2016, sales to our ten largest customers, including group purchasing organizations ("gpos") accounted for approximately 52.4% of our total consolidated revenues. sales to our largest customer, cvs health ("cvs"), accounted for approximately 20.3% of our total consolidated revenues. at march 31, 2016, trade accounts receivable from our ten largest customers were approximately 32% of total trade accounts receivable. accounts receivable from cvs were approximately 18% of total trade accounts receivable. as a result, our sales and credit concentration is significant. we also have agreements with gpos, each of which functions as a purchasing agent on behalf of member hospitals, pharmacies and other healthcare providers, as well as with government entities and agencies. the accounts receivables balances are with individual members of the gpos, and therefore no significant concentration of credit risk exists. a material default in payment, a material reduction in purchases from these or any other large customers, or the loss of a large customer or gpo could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity.
reserve methodologies are assessed annually based on historical losses and economic, business and market trends. in addition, reserves are reviewed quarterly and updated if unusual circumstances or trends are present. we believe the reserves maintained and expenses recorded in 2016 are appropriate and consistent with historical methodologies employed. at this time, we are not aware of any internal process or customer issues that might lead to a significant increase in our allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of net revenue in the foreseeable future.
at march 31, 2016, trade and notes receivables were $14,685 million prior to allowances of $212 million. in 2016, 2015 and 2014, our provision for bad debts was $113 million, $67 million and $36 million. at march 31, 2016 and 2015, the allowance as a percentage of trade and notes receivables was 1.4% and 1.1%. an increase or decrease of a hypothetical 0.1% in the 2016 allowance as a percentage of trade and notes receivables would result in an increase or decrease in the provision for bad debts of approximately $15 million. the selected 0.1% hypothetical change does not reflect what could be considered the best or worst case scenarios. additional information concerning our allowance for doubtful accounts may be found in schedule ii included in this annual report on form 10-k.
inventories: we report inventories at the lower of cost or market ("lcm"). inventories for our distribution solutions segment consist of merchandise held for resale. for our distribution solutions segment, the majority of the cost of domestic inventories is determined using the lifo method. the majority of the cost of inventories held in foreign locations is based on weighted average purchase price using the first-in, first-out method ("fifo"). technology solutions segment inventories consist of computer hardware with cost generally determined by the standard cost method, which approximates average cost. rebates, cash discounts and other incentives received from vendors relating to the purchase or distribution of inventory are considered as product discounts and are accounted for as a reduction in the cost of inventory and are recognized when the inventory is sold. total inventories were $15.3 billion and $14.3 billion at march 31, 2016 and 2015.
the lifo method was used to value approximately 74% and 73% of our inventories at march 31, 2016 and 2015. if we had used the fifo method of inventory valuation, which approximates current replacement costs, inventories would have been approximately $1,012 million and $768 million higher than the amounts reported at march 31, 2016 and 2015. these amounts are equivalent to our lifo reserves. our lifo valuation amount includes both pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products. in 2016, 2015, and 2014, we recognized net lifo expense of $244 million, $337 million and $311 million within our consolidated statements of operations. a lifo expense is recognized when the net effect of price increases on pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory exceeds the impact of price declines including the effect of branded pharmaceutical products that have lost market exclusivity. a lifo credit is recognized when the net effect of price declines exceeds the impact of price increases on pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory.
in determining whether inventory valuation issues exist, we consider various factors including estimated quantities of slow-moving inventory by reviewing on-hand quantities, outstanding purchase obligations and forecasted sales. shifts in market trends and conditions, changes in customer preferences due to the introduction of generic drugs or new pharmaceutical products or the loss of one or more significant customers are factors that could affect the value of our inventories. we write down inventories which are considered excess and obsolete as a result of these reviews. these factors could make our estimates of inventory valuation differ from actual results.
business combinations:  we account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that once control of a business is obtained, 100% of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including amounts attributed to noncontrolling interests, be recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. acquisition-related expenses and related restructuring costs are expensed as incurred.
several valuation methods may be used to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. for intangible assets, we typically use the income method. this method starts with a forecast of all of the expected future net cash flows associated with each asset. these cash flows are then adjusted to present value by applying an appropriate discount rate that reflects the risk factors associated with the cash flow streams. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the income method or other methods include the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate selected to measure the risks inherent in the future cash flows and the assessment of the asset's life cycle and the competitive trends impacting the asset, including consideration of any technical, legal, regulatory, or economic barriers to entry. determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires judgment as different types of intangible assets will have different useful lives and certain assets may even be considered to have indefinite useful lives. refer to financial note 2, "business combinations," to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding our acquisitions.
goodwill and intangible assets:  as a result of acquiring businesses, we have $9,786 million and $9,817 million of goodwill at march 31, 2016 and 2015 and $3,021 million and $3,441 million of intangible assets, net at march 31, 2016 and 2015. we maintain goodwill assets on our books unless the assets are considered to be impaired. we perform an impairment test on goodwill balances annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. indicators that are considered include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant changes in the use of the assets, significant negative industry or economic trends, or a significant decline in the company's stock price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time.
goodwill impairment testing is conducted at the reporting unit level, which is generally defined as a component - one level below our distribution solutions and technology solutions operating segments, for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that reporting unit.
the first step in goodwill testing requires us to compare the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value. this step may be performed utilizing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. if the carrying value of the reporting unit is lower than its estimated fair value, no further evaluation is necessary. if the carrying value of the reporting unit is higher than its estimated fair value, the second step must be performed to measure the amount of impairment loss. under the second step, the implied fair value of goodwill is calculated in a hypothetical analysis by subtracting the fair value of all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, including any unrecognized intangibles assets, from the fair value of the reporting unit calculated in the first step of the impairment test. if the carrying value of goodwill for the reporting unit exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill, an impairment charge is recorded for that excess.
to estimate the fair value of our reporting units, we use a combination of the market approach and the income approach. under the market approach, we estimate fair value by comparing the business to similar businesses, or guideline companies whose securities are actively traded in public markets. under the income approach, we use a discounted cash flow model in which cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to their present value using an appropriate expected rate of return. in addition, we compare the aggregate of the reporting units' fair values to our market capitalization as further corroboration of the fair values.
some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the goodwill impairment estimation process using the market approach include the selection of appropriate guideline companies, the determination of market value multiples for both the guideline companies and the reporting unit, the determination of applicable premiums and discounts based on any differences in marketability between the business and the guideline companies and for the income approach, the required rate of return used in the discounted cash flow method, which reflects capital market conditions and the specific risks associated with the business. other estimates inherent in both the market and income approaches include long-term growth rates, projected revenues and earnings and cash flow forecasts for the reporting units.
estimates of fair value result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and rely heavily on estimates and assumptions at a point in time. judgments made in determining an estimate of fair value may materially impact our results of operations. the valuations are based on information available as of the impairment review date and are based on expectations and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management. any changes in key assumptions, including failure to meet business plans, a further deterioration in the market or other unanticipated events and circumstances, may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates and could potentially result in an impairment charge. in 2016, 2015 and 2014, we concluded that there were no impairments of goodwill as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.
currently, all of our intangible assets are subject to amortization and are amortized based on the pattern of their economic consumption or on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from one to thirty-eight years.  we review intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable.  determination of recoverability is based on the lowest level of identifiable estimated future undiscounted cash flows resulting from use of the asset and its eventual disposition.  measurement of any impairment loss is based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value.  assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives of our purchased intangible assets are complex and subjective.  they can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. there were no material impairments of intangibles in 2016, 2015 or 2014 within our continuing operations.  our ongoing consideration of all the factors described previously could result in impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income.
supplier reserves: we establish reserves against amounts due from suppliers relating to various price and rebate incentives, including deductions or billings taken against payments otherwise due to them. these reserve estimates are established based on judgment after considering the status of current outstanding claims, historical experience with the suppliers, the specific incentive programs and any other pertinent information available. we evaluate the amounts due from suppliers on a continual basis and adjust the reserve estimates when appropriate based on changes in factual circumstances. as of march 31, 2016 and 2015, supplier reserves were $144 million and $167 million. the final outcome of any outstanding claims may differ from our estimate. all of the supplier reserves at march 31, 2016 and 2015 pertain to our distribution solutions segment. an increase or decrease in the supplier reserve as a hypothetical 0.1% of trade payables at march 31, 2016 would result in an increase or decrease in the cost of sales of approximately $29 million in 2016. the selected 0.1% hypothetical change does not reflect what could be considered the best or worst case scenarios.
income taxes: our income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management's best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax provision and in evaluating income tax uncertainties. we review our tax positions at the end of each quarter and adjust the balances as new information becomes available.
deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. in evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence including our past operating results, the existence of cumulative net operating losses in the most recent years and our forecast of future taxable income. in estimating future taxable income, we develop assumptions including the amount of future federal, state and foreign pre-tax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. these assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage the underlying businesses. we had deferred income tax assets (net of valuation allowances) of $1,272 million and $1,189 million at march 31, 2016 and 2015 and deferred tax liabilities of $3,947 million and $3,791 million. deferred tax assets primarily consist of timing differences on our compensation and benefit related accruals and net operating loss and credit carryforwards. deferred tax liabilities primarily consist of basis differences for inventory valuation (including inventory valued at lifo) and intangible assets. we established valuation allowances of $267 million and $229 million for 2016 and 2015 against certain deferred tax assets, which primarily relate to state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards for which the ultimate realization of future benefits is uncertain. changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. should tax laws change, including those laws pertaining to lifo, our cash flows could be materially impacted.
in addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities includes estimates for uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations across multiple global jurisdictions where we conduct our operations. we recognize liabilities for tax and related interest for issues in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and related interest will be due. these tax liabilities and related interest are reflected net of the impact of related tax loss carryforwards, as such tax loss carryforwards will be applied against these tax liabilities and will reduce the amount of cash tax payments due upon the eventual settlement with the tax authorities. these estimates may change due to changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a settlement that differs from our current estimate of tax liabilities and related interest. if our current estimate of tax and interest liabilities is less than the ultimate settlement, an additional charge to income tax expense may result. if our current estimate of tax and interest liabilities is more than the ultimate settlement, a reduction to income tax expense may be recognized.
loss contingencies: we are subject to various claims, including claims with customers and vendors, pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. when a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. however, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be reevaluated at least quarterly to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. when a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, disclosure of the proceeding is provided.
disclosure is also provided when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. we review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of the loss can be made. as discussed above, development of a meaningful estimate of loss or a range of potential loss is complex when the outcome is directly dependent on negotiations with or decisions by third parties, such as regulatory agencies, the court system and other interested parties. such factors bear directly on whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of potential loss and boundaries of high and low estimate.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources we expect our available cash generated from operations and our short-term investment portfolio, together with our existing sources of liquidity from our revolving credit facilities, accounts receivable factoring facilities and commercial paper issuance, will be sufficient to fund our long-term and short-term capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements. in addition, we may access the long-term debt capital markets from time to time. we are in the process of acquiring certain businesses, and the cost of these acquisitions may be partially funded through the issuance of debt.
net cash flow from operating activities was $3,672 million in 2016 compared to $3,112 million in 2015 and $3,136 million in 2014. operating activities over the last three years were affected by an increase in drafts and accounts payable reflecting longer payment terms for certain purchases and increases in receivables and inventories primarily associated with our revenue growth. cash flows from operations can be significantly impacted by factors such as the timing of receipts from customers and payments to vendors. additionally, working capital is primarily a function of sales and purchase volumes, inventory requirements and vendor payment terms.
net cash used in investing activities was $1,557 million in 2016 compared to $677 million in 2015 and $5,046 million in 2014. investing activities for 2016 include $40 million of net cash payments for acquisitions, $488 million and $189 million in capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment, and capitalized software, and $210 million of net cash proceeds from sales of businesses. additionally, we prepaid $939 million for acquisitions that closed subsequent to year end.
investing activities for 2015 included $170 million of net cash payments for acquisitions, $376 million and $169 million in capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment, and capitalized software, and $15 million of cash proceeds from sales of our automation business and an equity investment. investing activities for 2014 included $4,634 million of net cash payments for acquisitions, including $4,497 million for our acquisition of celesio. investing activities in 2014 also included $278 million and $141 million in capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment, and capitalized software, and $97 million of cash proceeds from sales of our automation business and equity investment.
financing activities utilized $3,453 million and $968 million of cash in 2016 and 2015 and generated net cash of $3,619 million in 2014. financing activities for 2016 include cash receipts of $1,561 million and payments of $1,688 million from short-term borrowings.  we made repayments on long-term debt of $1,598 million in 2016. financing activities in 2016 also include $1,504 million of cash paid for stock repurchases and $244 million of dividends paid.
financing activities for 2015 include cash receipts of $3,100 million and payments of $3,152 million from short-term borrowings. long-term debt repayments in 2015 were primarily cash paid on promissory notes. financing activities in 2015 also reflect a cash payment of $32 million to acquire approximately 1 million additional common shares of celesio through the tender offers we completed in 2015. additionally, financing activities for 2015 include $340 million of cash paid for stock repurchases and $227 million of dividends paid.
financing activities for 2014 include cash receipts of $6,080 million and cash paid of $6,132 million from short-term borrowings, which includes $4,957 million in borrowings under a senior bridge loan facility in connection with our acquisition of celesio and $400 million under our accounts receivable sales facility in february 2014. these borrowings were fully repaid in march 2014. financing activities for 2014 also include cash receipts of $4,124 million from the issuance of long-term debt in march 2014 and cash paid of $348 million for repayments of long-term debt. additionally, financing activities for 2014 included $130 million of cash payments for stock repurchases and $214 million of dividends paid.
the company's board has authorized the repurchase of mckesson's common stock from time-to-time in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated share repurchase ("asr") programs, or by any combination of such methods. the timing of any repurchases and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, restrictions under our debt obligations and other market and economic conditions.
the board authorized the repurchase of the company's common stock up to $2 billion in october 2015 and up to $500 million in may 2015. in 2016, we repurchased 8.7 million of our shares through both an asr program and open market transactions, and in 2015 repurchased 1.5 million of our shares all through open market transactions. all share repurchases were funded with cash on hand.
(1)   excludes shares surrendered for tax withholding.
we believe that our operating cash flow, financial assets and current access to capital and credit markets, including our existing credit facilities, will give us the ability to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future. however, there can be no assurance that continued or increased volatility and disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our liquidity or increase our costs of borrowing.
selected measures of liquidity and capital resources:
working capital                                   3,366                   3,173                  3,221
debt to capital ratio (1)                          43.7       %            50.3      %            55.4      %
return on mckesson stockholders' equity (2)        26.0                    17.0                   16.2
(1)   ratio is computed as total debt divided by the sum of total debt and mckesson stockholders' equity, which excludes noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
(2)   ratio is computed as net income attributable to mckesson corporation for the last four quarters, divided by a five-quarter average of mckesson stockholders' equity, which excludes noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests.
cash equivalents, which are available-for-sale, are carried at fair value. cash equivalents are primarily invested in aaa rated prime and u.s. government money market funds denominated in u.s. dollars, aaa rated prime money market funds denominated in euros, overnight repurchase agreements collateralized by u.s. government securities, canadian government securities and/or securities that are guaranteed or sponsored by the u.s. government and an aaa rated prime money market fund denominated in british pound sterling.
the remaining cash and cash equivalents are deposited with several financial institutions. we mitigate the risk of our short-term investment portfolio by depositing funds with reputable financial institutions and monitoring risk profiles and investment strategies of money market funds.
our cash and cash equivalents balance as of march 31, 2016 included approximately $2.2 billion of cash held by our subsidiaries outside of the united states. our primary intent is to utilize this cash in foreign operations and acquisitions as well as to fund certain research and development activities for an indefinite period of time.  although the vast majority of cash held outside the united states is available for repatriation, doing so could subject us to u.s. federal, state and local income tax.
working capital primarily includes cash and cash equivalents, receivables and inventories net of drafts and accounts payable, short-term borrowings, current portion of long-term debt, deferred revenue and other current liabilities. our distribution solutions segment requires a substantial investment in working capital that is susceptible to large variations during the year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands. inventory purchase activity is a function of sales activity and other requirements.
consolidated working capital increased at march 31, 2016 compared to march 31, 2015 primarily due to increases in receivables and inventories and a decrease in deferred tax liabilities, partially offset by an increase in drafts and accounts payable. consolidated working capital decreased at march 31, 2015 compared to march 31, 2014 primarily due to increases in drafts and accounts payable, partially offset by increases in receivables and inventories.
our debt to capital ratio improved over the last two years primarily due to a decrease in our debt.
in july 2015, the quarterly dividend was raised from $0.24 to $0.28 per common share for dividends declared after such date, until further action by the board. dividends were $1.08 per share in 2016, $0.96 per share in 2015 and $0.92 per share in 2014. the company anticipates that it will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future.  however, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of the board and will depend upon the company's future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. in 2016, 2015 and 2014, we paid total cash dividends of $244 million, $227 million and $214 million. additionally, as required under the domination agreement, we are obligated to pay an annual recurring compensation amount of 0.83 per celesio share (effective january 1, 2015) to the noncontrolling shareholders of celesio.
the table and information below presents our significant financial obligations and commitments at march 31, 2016:
(in millions)                             total             within 1           over 1 to 3           over 3 to 5              after 5
(1)   represents maturities of the company's long-term obligations including an immaterial amount of capital lease obligations.
(2)   includes our estimated benefit payments, including assumed executive lump sum payments, for the unfunded benefit plans and minimum funding requirements for the pension plans. actual lump sum payments could significantly differ from the estimated amounts depending on the timing of executive retirements and the lump sum interest rate in effect upon retirement.
(3)   includes our estimated severance payments associated with the cost alignment plan.
(5)   a purchase obligation is defined as an arrangement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on the company. these obligations primarily relate to inventory purchases, capital commitments and outsourcing service agreements.
(7)   includes agreements under which we have guaranteed the repurchase of our customers' inventory and our customers' debt in the event these customers are unable to meet their obligations to those financial institutions.
at march 31, 2016, the liability recorded for uncertain tax positions, excluding associated interest and penalties, was approximately $409 million. the ultimate amount and timing of any related future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty.
our banks and insurance companies have issued $142 million of standby letters of credit and surety bonds at march 31, 2016. these were issued on our behalf and are mostly related to our customer contracts and to meet the security requirements for statutory licenses and permits, court and fiduciary obligations and our workers' compensation and automotive liability programs.
the carrying value of redeemable noncontrolling interests related to celesio was $1.41 billion at march 31, 2016, which exceeded the maximum redemption value of $1.28 billion. the balance of redeemable noncontrolling interests is reported at the greater of its carrying value or its maximum redemption value at each reporting date. upon the effectiveness of the domination agreement on december 2, 2014, the noncontrolling shareholders of celesio received a put right that enables them to put their celesio shares to mckesson at 22.99 per share, which price is increased annually for interest in the amount of 5 percentage points above a base rate published by the german bundesbank semiannually, less any compensation amount or guaranteed dividend already paid ("put amount").  the redemption value is the put amount adjusted for exchange rate fluctuations each period. the ultimate amount and timing of any future cash payments related to the put amount are uncertain.
additionally, we are obligated to pay an annual recurring compensation of 0.83 per celesio share (the "compensation amount") to the noncontrolling shareholders of celesio under the domination agreement, which became effective in december 2014. the compensation amount is recognized ratably during the applicable annual period. the domination agreement does not have an expiration date and can be terminated by mckesson without cause in writing no earlier than march 31, 2020.
refer to financial note 10, "noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests," to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
credit resources:
we fund our working capital requirements primarily with cash and cash equivalents as well as short-term borrowings from our credit facilities and commercial paper issuances. funds necessary for future debt maturities and our other cash requirements are expected to be met by existing cash balances, cash flow from operations, existing credit sources and other capital market transactions. detailed information regarding our debt and financing activities is included in financial note 16, "debt and financing activities," to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this annual report on form 10-k.