item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations index to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page forward-looking statements and other financial information     75
summary of critical accounting estimates                       85
economic capital                                               94
acquisitions and dispositions                                  94
policyholder liabilities                                      143
liquidity and capital resources                               151
forward-looking statements and other financial information for purposes of this discussion, "metlife," the "company," "we," "our" and "us" refer to metlife, inc., a delaware corporation incorporated in 1999, its subsidiaries and affiliates. following this summary is a discussion addressing the consolidated results of operations and financial condition of the company for the periods indicated. this discussion should be read in conjunction with "note regarding forward-looking statements," "risk factors," "selected financial data," "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" and the company's consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein.
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations may contain or incorporate by reference information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements give expectations or forecasts of future events. these statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. they use words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe" and other words and terms of similar meaning, or are tied to future periods, in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. in particular, these include statements relating to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, trends in operations and financial results. any or all forward-looking statements may turn out to be wrong. actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. see "note regarding forward-looking statements."
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations includes references to our performance measures, operating earnings and operating earnings available to common shareholders, that are not based on gaap. operating earnings is the measure of segment profit or loss we use to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. consistent with gaap guidance for segment reporting, operating earnings is our measure of segment performance. operating earnings is also a measure by which senior management's and many other employees' performance is evaluated for the purposes of determining their compensation under applicable compensation plans. see "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for definitions of these and other measures.
executive summary overview metlife is a global provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. metlife is organized into six segments, reflecting three broad geographic regions: retail; group, voluntary & worksite benefits; corporate benefit funding; and latin america (collectively, the "americas"); asia; and emea. in addition, the company reports certain of its results of operations in corporate & other. see "business - segments and corporate & other" and note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the company's segments and corporate & other. see also "- other key information - significant events" for information on the company's announcement of its plan to pursue the separation. management continues to evaluate the company's segment performance and allocated resources and may adjust related measurements in the future to better reflect segment profitability.
current year highlights overall sales growth declined from 2014 levels; however, we experienced sales growth across various products within our regions during the year ended december 31, 2015, as compared to 2014. in particular, we had higher sales of retail annuity and accident & health products. a number of factors in 2015, however, offset the benefits of such sales growth, including (i) a tax charge and a related charge for interest on uncertain tax positions recorded under accounting guidance for the recognition of tax uncertainties, (ii) a decline in investment yields as a result of the sustained low interest rate environment and lower returns on other limited partnership interests, (iii) less favorable underwriting results driven by unfavorable claims experience in our property & casualty business, and (iv) a decrease in earnings as a result of our annual review of actuarial assumptions.
(2) see "- results of operations - consolidated results" and "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for reconciliations and definitions of non-gaap financial measures.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014
●                                         net investment gains (losses) favorable by $794 million ($516 million, net of income tax) primarily driven by a 2014 loss on the disposition of metlife assurance limited ("mal")
●                                         includes a one-time tax benefit in japan of $174 million in 2015
(1) see "- results of operations - consolidated results" and "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for reconciliations and definitions of non-gaap financial measures.
●                                         results of operations impacted by: (i) lower investment yields; (ii) less favorable underwriting; (iii) unfavorable impact from annual reviews of assumptions; (iv) higher net investment income from portfolio growth; and (v) additional items described below.
•                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $557 million tax charge and a $362 million ($235 million, net of income tax) charge for interest on uncertain tax positions recorded under accounting guidance for the recognition of tax uncertainties related to the u.s. tax treatment of taxes paid by a wholly-owned united kingdom ("u.k.") investment subsidiary of mlic
•                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $183 million of tax benefits related to (i) restructuring in chile; (ii) a change in tax rate in japan; (iii) the repatriation of earnings from japan; and (iv) the devaluation of the peso in argentina
•                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $104 million, net of income tax, of favorable reserve adjustments related to disability premium waivers in the retail life business
•                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $117 million, net of income tax, increase in the litigation reserve related to asbestos
•                                                                                                                                                                                                                   charges totaling $57 million, net of income tax, related to a settlement of a licensing matter with the department of financial services and the district attorney, new york county
•                                                                                                                                                                                                                   net tax charge of $9 million related to: (i) charge related to a tax reform bill in chile; and (ii) benefit related to the filing of the company's u.s. federal tax return for a more in-depth discussion of our consolidated results, see "- results of operations - consolidated results" and "- results of operations - consolidated results - operating."
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013
●                                        net investment gains (losses) unfavorable by $358 million ($233 million, net of income tax) primarily driven by a loss on the disposition of mal
(1) see "- results of operations - consolidated results" and "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for reconciliations and definitions of non-gaap financial measures.
●                                        results of operations impacted by: (i) higher net investment income from portfolio growth; (ii) higher asset-based fee income; (iii) lower interest credited expense; (iv) unfavorable mortality, morbidity and claims experience; (v) lower investment yields; and (vi) additional items described below.
●                                        fourth quarter 2013 acquisition of provida favorable by $166 million, net of income tax (excluding impact of tax reform charge in chile)
•                                                                                                                                                                   additional items presented in "-year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014 - consolidated results - operating highlights" above
•                                                                                                                                                                   a $101 million, net of income tax, increase in the litigation reserve related to asbestos
consolidated company outlook as part of an enterprise-wide strategic initiative, we announced that, by 2016, we expected to increase our operating return on common stockholders' equity ("operating roe"), excluding aoci, other than fcta, driven by higher operating earnings. in 2016, we expect our operating roe, excluding aoci other than fcta, to be approximately 11%.
when making projections, we must rely on the accuracy of our assumptions about future economic and business conditions, which can be affected by known and unknown risks and other uncertainties. our assumptions have been and will continue to be impacted by (i) metlife, inc.'s plan to pursue the separation, (ii) regulatory uncertainty regarding capital requirements applicable to us, as a non-bank sifi, which, among other things, impacted the level of our share repurchases, (iii) lower investment margins (primarily in the u.s.) as a result of the sustained low interest rate environment, (iv) lower than anticipated merger and acquisition activity, and (v) the impact on our foreign operations of the strengthening of the u.s. dollar.
we will need to take the above-referenced factors into account when formulating further assumptions. due to the fact that the separation is a significant restructuring of our business, we will not be able to further expand our outlook until we have further clarity on the nature of the separation. the separation is consistent with our "accelerating value" strategic initiative, giving greater weight to our commitments to maximize shareholder value and, subject to board approval, regulatory constraints and acquisition opportunities, pay out our free cash flow to shareholders.
other key information basis of presentation certain international subsidiaries have a fiscal year cutoff of november 30th. accordingly, the company's consolidated financial statements reflect the assets and liabilities of such subsidiaries as of november 30, 2015 and 2014 and the operating results of such subsidiaries for the years ended november 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013. the company is in the process of converting to calendar year reporting for these subsidiaries. these conversions are expected to be substantially complete in the first quarter of 2016. the impact of the conversions on our financial statements to date has been de minimis and, therefore, has been reported in net income in the quarter of conversion.
significant events on january 12, 2016, the company announced its plan to pursue the separation. the company is currently evaluating structural alternatives for the proposed separation, including a public offering of shares in an independent, publicly traded company, a spin-off, or a sale. the completion of a public offering would depend on, among other things, the sec filing and review process, as well as market conditions. any separation that might occur will be subject to the satisfaction of various conditions and approvals, including approval of any transaction by the metlife, inc. board of directors, satisfaction of any applicable requirements of the sec, and receipt of insurance and other regulatory approvals and other anticipated conditions.
in november 2014, micc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of metlife, inc., re-domesticated from connecticut to delaware, changed its name to metlife insurance company usa and merged with its subsidiary, mli-usa, and its affiliate, mliic, each a u.s. insurance company that issued variable annuity products in addition to other products, and exeter, a former offshore, captive reinsurance subsidiary of metlife, inc. and affiliate of micc that mainly reinsured guarantees associated with variable annuity products. the surviving entity of the mergers was metlife usa. the mergers have provided increased transparency relative to our capital allocation and variable annuity risk management. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - insurance regulation - insurance regulatory examinations and other activities" and "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - capital - affiliated captive reinsurance transactions" for information on our use of captive reinsurers.
in october 2013, metlife, inc. completed its acquisition of provida, the largest private pension fund administrator in chile based on assets under management and number of pension fund contributors. the acquisition of provida supports the company's growth strategy in emerging markets and further strengthens the company's overall position in chile. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
financial and economic environment our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global capital markets, particular markets, or financial asset classes can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities are sensitive to changing market factors. global market factors, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity, oil and commodity prices, real estate markets, foreign currency exchange rates, consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, deflation and inflation, all affect the business and economic environment and, ultimately, the amount and profitability of our business. disruptions in one market or asset class can also spread to other markets or asset classes. upheavals in the financial markets can also affect our business through their effects on general levels of economic activity, employment and customer behavior. see "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets-related risks - we are exposed to significant global financial and capital markets risks which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and may cause our net investment income to vary from period to period," and "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets-related risks - if difficult conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally persist, they may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations."
weakness in the energy and metals and mining sectors and concerns about the political and/or economic stability of countries in regions outside the eu, including china, ukraine, russia, argentina, brazil, japan and the middle east, as well as puerto rico, have contributed to global market volatility. see "- investments - current environment - selected country and sector investments." concerns about global economic conditions, capital markets and the solvency of certain eu member states and europe's perimeter region, their banking systems and the financial institutions that have significant direct or indirect exposure to debt issued by these countries or their respective banking systems, have also been a cause of elevated levels of market volatility. see "- investments - current environment" for information regarding our exposure to obligations of european governments, european private obligors and europe's perimeter region. contributing to such volatility are concerns that such countries could default on their obligations, have to restructure their outstanding debt, or that financial institutions with significant holdings of sovereign or private debt of such countries, including europe's perimeter region, could experience financial stress, any of which could have significant adverse effects on the european and global economies and on financial markets, generally. while economic conditions in certain of these countries, including europe's perimeter region seem to be stabilizing or improving, there is still concern that any support measures could affect the euro exchange rate and have uncertain impacts on interest rates and risk markets.
in an effort to further stabilize the european financial crisis, in december 2015, the european central bank ("ecb") extended its quantitative easing program until at least march 2017. these measures have included cutting interest rates to negative levels, providing inexpensive financing facilities designed to incentivize banks to extend loans, buying private sector asset-backed securities and covered bonds and extending its asset purchase program to include €60 billion per month of ecb purchases of local and regional debt, as well as sovereign debt on secondary markets. such actions are intended to lessen the risk of deflation, lower borrowing costs in the euro zone and encourage corporations to issue more asset-backed securities.
we face substantial exposure to the japanese economy given our operations there. structural weaknesses and debt sustainability have yet to be addressed effectively. going forward, japan's structural and demographic challenges may continue to limit its potential growth unless reforms that boost productivity are put into place. japan's high public sector debt levels are mitigated by low refinancing risks and its nominal yields on government debt have remained at a lower level than that of any other developed country. however, frequent changes in government have prevented policy makers from implementing fiscal reform measures to put public finances on a sustainable path. to avert deflation and to achieve sustainable economic growth, the government and the bank of japan have implemented a coordinated strategy which includes the imposition of a negative rate on commercial bank deposits, increased government bond purchases at longer maturities and tax reform, including the lowering of the japanese corporate tax rate by approximately 2% and the delay until 2017 of an increase in the consumption tax to 10%. as a result of the decrease in the corporate tax rate, the company recorded a one-time benefit of $174 million in the second quarter of 2015, which included an increase in asia's operating earnings of $61 million. this tax law change favorably affected our annual effective tax rate for 2015 by approximately 0.3% as compared to 2014.
impact of a sustained low interest rate environment as a global insurance company, we are affected by the monetary policy of central banks around the world, as well as the monetary policy of the federal reserve board in the united states. the federal reserve board has taken a number of actions in recent years to spur economic activity, including asset purchases and keeping interest rates low. however, in october 2014, the federal reserve board's federal open market committee ("fomc"), citing strength in the economy and substantial improvement in the outlook for labor market conditions, decided to conclude the asset purchase program. in december 2015, the fomc increased the federal funds rate for the first time in 10 years and held it steady at its january 2016 meeting. further increases in the federal funds rate in the future may affect interest rates and risk markets in the u.s. and other developed and emerging economies. see "- financial and economic environment" for information regarding accommodative and other policy measures pursued by the ecb and the bank of japan. however, we cannot predict with certainty the effect of these programs and policies on interest rates or the impact on the pricing levels of risk-bearing investments at this time. see "- investments - current environment."
in periods of declining interest rates, we may have to invest insurance cash flows and reinvest the cash flows we received as interest or return of principal on our investments in lower yielding instruments. moreover, borrowers may prepay or redeem the fixed income securities, commercial, agricultural or residential mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities in our investment portfolio with greater frequency in order to borrow at lower market rates. therefore, some of our products expose us to the risk that a reduction in interest rates will reduce the difference between the amounts that we are required to credit on contracts in our general account and the rate of return we are able to earn on investments intended to support obligations under these contracts. this difference between interest earned and interest credited, or margin, is a key metric for the management of, and reporting for, many of our businesses.
our expectations regarding future margins are an important component impacting the amortization of certain intangible assets such as dac and voba. significantly lower margins may cause us to accelerate the amortization, thereby reducing net income in the affected reporting period. additionally, lower margins may also impact the recoverability of intangible assets such as goodwill, require the establishment of additional liabilities or trigger loss recognition events on certain policyholder liabilities. we review this long-term margin assumption, along with other assumptions, as part of our annual assumption review.
mitigating actions the company continues to be proactive in its investment and interest crediting rate strategies, as well as its product design and product mix. to mitigate the risk of unfavorable consequences from the low interest rate environment in the u.s., the company applies disciplined asset/liability management ("alm") strategies, including the use of derivatives, primarily interest rate swaps, floors and swaptions. a significant portion of these derivatives were entered into prior to the onset of the current low u.s. interest rate environment. in some cases, the company has entered into offsetting positions as part of its overall alm strategy and to reduce volatility in net income. lowering interest crediting rates on some products, or adjusting the dividend scale on traditional products, can help offset decreases in investment margins on some products. our ability to lower interest crediting rates could be limited by competition, requirements to obtain regulatory approval, or contractual guarantees of minimum rates and may not match the timing or magnitude of changes in asset yields. as a result, our margins could decrease or potentially become negative. we are able to limit or close certain products to new sales in order to manage exposures. business actions, such as shifting the sales focus to less interest rate sensitive products, can also mitigate this risk. in addition, the company is well diversified across product, distribution, and geography. certain of our non-u.s. businesses, reported within our latin america and emea segments, which accounted for approximately 15% of our operating earnings in 2015, are not significantly interest rate or market sensitive; in particular, they do not have any direct sensitivity to u.s. interest rates. the company's primary exposure within these segments is insurance risk. we expect our non-u.s. businesses to grow faster than our u.s. businesses and, over time, to become a larger percentage of our total business. as a result of the foregoing, the company expects to be able to substantially mitigate the negative impact of a sustained low interest rate environment in the u.s. on the company's profitability. based on a near to intermediate term analysis of a sustained lower interest rate environment in the u.s., the company anticipates operating earnings will continue to increase, although at a slower growth rate.
low interest rate scenario in formulating its insurance contract assumptions, the company uses projections that it makes regarding interest rates. included in these assumptions is the projection that the 10-year treasury rate will rise from 2.27% at december 31, 2015 to 4.50% in 11 years, by 2026 and that 10-year yields will reach 2.78%, 3.07% and 3.21% by december 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively. also included is the projection that the three-month libor rate will move from 0.61% at december 31, 2015 to 1.32%, 1.81% and 1.76% by december 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively. however, due to the significant decline in the 10-year u.s. treasury rate below 2.00% subsequent to december 2015, we have revised the hypothetical low interest rate scenario on our 2016, 2017 and 2018 operating earnings for the total company, as well as each segment and corporate & other, that would be significantly affected by changes in libor and u.s. interest rates, but without the effect of the proposed separation (described in further detail in note 23 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements). the revised low interest rate scenario reflects a decrease in the assumed constant 10-year u.s. treasury rate from 2.00% to 1.50% with the corresponding consensus of interest rate views and credit spreads (the "low interest rate scenario").
the following summarizes the impact of the low interest rate scenario. in addition, we have included disclosure on the potential impact on 2016, 2017 and 2018 net income using the same low interest rate scenario on the mark-to-market of derivative positions that do not qualify as accounting hedges.
the low interest rate scenario assumes three-month libor to be 0.24% and the 10-year u.s. treasury rate to be 1.50% at december 31, 2015 and remain constant at those levels until december 31, 2018. we make similar assumptions for interest rates at other maturities, and hold this interest rate curve constant through december 31, 2018. in addition, in the interest rate scenario, we assume credit spreads remain constant from december 2015 through the end of 2018 as compared to our business plan which assumes rising credit spreads through 2016 and thereafter remaining constant through the end of 2018. further, we also include the impact of low interest rates on our pension and postretirement plan expenses. we allocate this impact across our segments and it is included in the segment discussion below. the discount rate used to value these plans is tied to high quality corporate bond yields. accordingly, an extended low interest rate environment will result in increased pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities. however, these liabilities are offset by corresponding returns on the fixed income portfolio of pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets resulting in an overall decrease in expense.
hypothetical impact to operating earnings based on the above assumptions, we estimate an unfavorable combined long-term and short-term interest rate impact on our consolidated operating earnings from the low interest rate scenario of approximately $65 million in 2016, $210 million 2017 and $375 million in 2018. under the low interest rate scenario, our long-term businesses are negatively impacted by the larger gap between new money yields and the yield on assets rolling off the portfolio. however, there are positive offsets under the low interest rate scenario as short-term rates are much lower than the business plan rates and the yield curve is steeper than that of the business plan. for example, our securities lending business performs better than our business plan because it is driven by the slope of the yield curve rather than by the level of interest rates. in addition, derivative income is higher primarily due to our receiver swaps where we receive a fixed rate and pay a floating rate.
in addition to its impact on operating earnings, we estimated the effect of the low interest rate scenario on the mark-to-market of our derivative positions that do not qualify as accounting hedges. we applied the low interest rate scenario to these derivatives and compared the impact to that from interest rates in our business plan. we hold a significant position in long duration receive-fixed interest rate swaps to hedge reinvestment risk. these swaps are most sensitive to the 30-year and 10-year swap rates and we recognize gains as rates drop and recognize losses as rates rise. this estimated impact on the derivative mark-to-market does not include that of our va program derivatives as the impact of low interest rates in the freestanding derivatives would be largely offset by the mark-to-market in net derivative gains (losses) for the related embedded derivative.
hypothetical impact to our mark-to-market derivative positions based on these additional assumptions, we estimate the combined long-term and short-term interest rate impact of the low interest rate scenario on the mark-to-market of our derivative positions that do not qualify as accounting hedges to be an increase in net income of $530 million and $40 million in 2016 and 2017, respectively, and a decrease in net income of $90 million in 2018. see "- results of operations - consolidated results" for information regarding our actual gains and losses on the company's non-va program derivatives due to interest rate changes (u.s. dollar and non-u.s. dollar denominated instruments) which are included in net income.
segments and corporate & other the following discussion summarizes the impact of the above low interest rate scenario on the operating earnings of our segments, as well as corporate & other. see also "- policyholder liabilities - policyholder account balances" for information regarding the account values subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates.
retail life & other - our interest rate sensitive products include traditional life, universal life, and retained asset accounts. because the majority of our traditional life insurance business is participating, we can largely offset lower investment returns on assets backing our traditional life products through adjustments to the applicable dividend scale. in our universal life products, we manage interest rate risk through a combination of product design features and alm strategies, including the use of hedges such as interest rate swaps and floors. while we have the ability to lower crediting rates on certain in-force universal life policies to mitigate margin compression, such actions would be partially offset by increases in our liabilities related to policies with secondary guarantees. our retained asset accounts have minimum interest crediting rate guarantees which range from 0.5% to 4.0%, all of which are currently at their respective minimum interest crediting rates. while we expect to experience margin compression as we reinvest at lower rates, the interest rate derivatives held in this portfolio will partially mitigate this risk.
annuities - the impact on operating earnings from margin compression is concentrated in our deferred annuities where there are minimum interest rate guarantees. under the low interest rate scenario, we assume that a larger percentage of customers will maintain their funds with us to take advantage of the attractive minimum guaranteed crediting rates and we expect to experience margin compression as we reinvest cash flows at lower interest rates. partially offsetting this margin compression, we assume we will lower crediting rates on contractual reset dates for the portion of business that is not currently at minimum crediting rates. additionally, we have various derivative positions, primarily interest rate floors, to partially mitigate this risk.
reinvestment risk is defined for this purpose as the amount of reinvestment in 2016, 2017 and 2018 that would impact operating earnings due to reinvesting cash flows in the low interest rate scenario. for the deferred annuities business, $2.1 billion, $2.1 billion, and $0.4 billion in 2016, 2017, and 2018, respectively, of the asset base will be subject to reinvestment risk on an average asset base of $36.7 billion, $37.5 billion and $38.2 billion in 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
group, voluntary & worksite benefits group - in general, most of our group life insurance products in this segment are renewable term insurance and, therefore, have significant repricing flexibility. interest rate risk arises mainly from minimum interest rate guarantees on retained asset accounts. these accounts have minimum interest crediting rate guarantees which range from 0.5% to 3.0%. all of these account balances are currently at their respective minimum interest crediting rates and we would expect to experience margin compression as we reinvest at lower interest rates. we have used interest rate floors to partially mitigate the risks of a sustained u.s. low interest rate environment. we also have exposure to interest rate risk in this business arising from our group disability policy claim reserves. for these products, lower reinvestment rates cannot be offset by a reduction in liability crediting rates for established claim reserves. group disability policies are generally renewable term policies. rates may be adjusted on in-force policies at renewal based on the retrospective experience rating and current interest rate assumptions. we review the discount rate assumptions and other assumptions associated with our long-term disability claim reserves no less frequently than annually. our most recent review at the end of 2015 resulted in no change to the applicable discount rates.
voluntary & worksite - we have exposure to interest rate risk in this business arising mainly from our long-term care policy reserves. for these products, lower reinvestment rates cannot be offset by a reduction in liability crediting rates for established claim reserves. long-term care policies are guaranteed renewable, and rates may be adjusted on a class basis with regulatory approval to reflect emerging experience. our long-term care block is closed to new business. the company makes use of derivative instruments to more closely match asset and liability duration and immunize the portfolio against changes in interest rates. reinvestment risk is defined for this purpose as the amount of reinvestment in 2016, 2017 and 2018 that would impact operating earnings due to reinvesting cash flows in the low interest rate scenario. for the long-term care portfolio, $1.8 billion, $1.7 billion and $1.5 billion of the asset base in 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively, will be subject to reinvestment risk on an average asset base of $10.5 billion, $11.2 billion and $11.8 billion in 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
we estimate a favorable combined long-term and short-term interest rate impact on the operating earnings of our group, voluntary & worksite benefits segment from the low interest rate scenario of $5 million in 2016 and an unfavorable impact of $10 million and $45 million 2017 and 2018, respectively.
corporate benefit funding this segment contains both short and long duration products consisting of capital market products, pension risk transfers, structured settlements, and other benefit funding products. the majority of short duration products are managed on a floating rate basis, which mitigates the impact of the low interest rate environment in the u.s. the long duration products have very predictable cash flows and we have matched these cash flows through our alm strategies. we also use interest rate swaps to help protect income in this segment against a low interest rate environment in the u.s. based on the cash flow estimates, only a small component is subject to reinvestment risk. reinvestment risk is defined for this purpose as the amount of reinvestment in 2016, 2017 and 2018 that would impact operating earnings due to reinvesting cash flows in the low interest rate scenario. for the long duration business, $0.6 billion of the asset base in 2016 will be subject to reinvestment risk on an average asset base of $60.6 billion. in 2017 and 2018, none of the asset base will be subject to reinvestment risk on an average asset base of $63.9 billion and $66.5 billion, respectively.
we estimate an unfavorable combined long-term and short-term interest rate impact on operating earnings on our corporate benefit funding segment from the low interest rate scenario of $5 million, $30 million and $45 million in 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
asia our asia segment has a portion of its investments in u.s. dollar denominated assets.
life & other - our japan business offers traditional life insurance and accident & health products. to the extent the japan life insurance portfolio is u.s. interest rate and libor sensitive and we are unable to lower crediting rates to the customer, operating earnings will decline. we manage interest rate risk on our life products through a combination of product design features and alm strategies.
annuities - we sell annuities in asia which are predominantly single premium products with crediting rates set at the time of issue. this allows us to tightly manage product alm, cash flows and net spreads, thus maintaining profitability.
corporate & other corporate & other contains the surplus portfolios for the enterprise, the portfolios used to fund the capital needs of the company and various reinsurance agreements. the surplus portfolios are subject to reinvestment risk; however, lower net investment income is significantly offset by lower interest expense on both fixed and variable rate debt. under a lower interest rate environment, fixed rate debt is assumed to be either paid off when it matures or refinanced at a lower interest rate resulting in lower overall interest expense. variable rate debt is indexed to the three-month libor, which results in lower interest expense incurred.
competitive pressures the life insurance industry remains highly competitive. the product development and product life cycles have shortened in many product segments, leading to more intense competition with respect to product features. larger companies have the ability to invest in brand equity, product development, technology and risk management, which are among the fundamentals for sustained profitable growth in the life insurance industry. in addition, several of the industry's products can be quite homogeneous and subject to intense price competition. sufficient scale, financial strength and financial flexibility are becoming prerequisites for sustainable growth in the life insurance industry. larger market participants tend to have the capacity to invest in additional distribution capability and the information technology needed to offer the superior customer service demanded by an increasingly sophisticated industry client base. we believe that the continued volatility of the financial markets, its impact on the capital position of many competitors, and subsequent actions by regulators and rating agencies have altered the competitive environment. in particular, we believe that these factors have highlighted financial strength as the most significant differentiator from the perspective of some customers and certain distributors. we believe the company is well positioned to compete in this environment.
regulatory developments in the u.s., our life insurance companies are regulated primarily at the state level, with some products and services also subject to federal regulation. as life insurers introduce new and often more complex products, regulators refine capital requirements and introduce new reserving standards for the life insurance industry. regulations recently adopted or currently under review can potentially impact the statutory reserve and capital requirements of the industry. in addition, regulators have undertaken market and sales practices reviews of several markets or products, including equity-indexed annuities, variable annuities and group products, as well as reviews of the utilization of affiliated captive reinsurers and offshore entities to reinsure insurance risks.
the regulation of the global financial services industry has received renewed scrutiny as a result of the disruptions in the financial markets. significant regulatory reforms have been adopted and additional reforms proposed, and these or other reforms could be implemented. see "business - regulation," "risk factors - regulatory and legal risks - our insurance and brokerage businesses are highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies may reduce our profitability and limit our growth," "risk factors - risks related to our business - our statutory life insurance reserve financings may be subject to cost increases and new financings may be subject to limited market capacity," and "risk factors - regulatory and legal risks - changes in u.s. federal, state securities and state insurance laws and regulations may affect our operations and our profitability." for example, dodd-frank, which was signed by president obama in july 2010, effected the most far-reaching overhaul of financial regulation in the u.s. in decades. the full impact of dodd-frank on us will depend on the numerous rulemaking initiatives required or permitted by dodd-frank which are in various stages of implementation, many of which are not likely to be completed for some time.
notwithstanding metlife bank's exit from the origination and servicing businesses, mlhl remains obligated to repurchase loans or compensate for losses upon demand due to alleged defects by metlife bank or its predecessor servicers in past servicing of the loans and material representations made in connection with metlife bank's sale of the loans. reserves for representation and warranty repurchases and indemnifications were $72 million and $85 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. reserves for estimated future losses due to alleged deficiencies on loans originated and sold, as well as servicing of the loans including servicing acquired, are estimated based on unresolved claims and projected losses under investor servicing contracts where metlife bank's past actions or inactions are likely to result in missing certain stipulated investor timelines. reserves for servicing defects were $31 million and $38 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. management is satisfied that adequate provision has been made in the company's consolidated financial statements for those representation and warranty obligations that are currently probable and reasonably estimable.
summary of critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. for a discussion of our significant accounting policies, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the most critical estimates include those used in determining:
(i)      liabilities for future policy benefits and the accounting for reinsurance;
(ii)     capitalization and amortization of dac and the establishment and amortization of voba;
(v)      estimated fair values of freestanding derivatives and the recognition and estimated fair value of embedded derivatives requiring bifurcation;
(vii)    measurement of employee benefit plan liabilities;
(xi)     liabilities for litigation and regulatory matters.
in addition, the application of acquisition accounting requires the use of estimation techniques in determining the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed - the most significant of which relate to aforementioned critical accounting estimates. in applying our accounting policies, we make subjective and complex judgments that frequently require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. many of these policies, estimates and related judgments are common in the insurance and financial services industries; others are specific to our business and operations. actual results could differ from these estimates.
liability for future policy benefits generally, future policy benefits are payable over an extended period of time and related liabilities are calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be paid, reduced by the present value of future expected premiums. such liabilities are established based on methods and underlying assumptions in accordance with gaap and applicable actuarial standards. principal assumptions used in the establishment of liabilities for future policy benefits are mortality, morbidity, policy lapse, renewal, retirement, disability incidence, disability terminations, investment returns, inflation, expenses and other contingent events as appropriate to the respective product type and geographical area. these assumptions are established at the time the policy is issued and are intended to estimate the experience for the period the policy benefits are payable. utilizing these assumptions, liabilities are established on a block of business basis. if experience is less favorable than assumed, additional liabilities may be established, resulting in a charge to policyholder benefits and claims.
future policy benefit liabilities for disabled lives are estimated using the present value of benefits method and experience assumptions as to claim terminations, expenses and interest.
liabilities for unpaid claims are estimated based upon our historical experience and other actuarial assumptions that consider the effects of current developments, anticipated trends and risk management programs, reduced for anticipated salvage and subrogation.
future policy benefit liabilities for minimum death and income benefit guarantees relating to certain annuity contracts are based on estimates of the expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account balance, recognizing the excess ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. liabilities for ulsg and paid-up guarantees are determined by estimating the expected value of death benefits payable when the account balance is projected to be zero and recognizing those benefits ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. the assumptions used in estimating the secondary and paid-up guarantee liabilities are consistent with those used for amortizing dac, and are thus subject to the same variability and risk. the assumptions of investment performance and volatility for variable products are consistent with historical experience of the appropriate underlying equity index, such as the s&p 500 index.
we regularly review our estimates of liabilities for future policy benefits and compare them with our actual experience. differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in pricing these policies and guarantees, as well as in the establishment of the related liabilities, result in variances in profit and could result in losses.
see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our liability for future policy benefits.
reinsurance accounting for reinsurance requires extensive use of assumptions and estimates, particularly related to the future performance of the underlying business and the potential impact of counterparty credit risks. we periodically review actual and anticipated experience compared to the aforementioned assumptions used to establish assets and liabilities relating to ceded and assumed reinsurance and evaluate the financial strength of counterparties to our reinsurance agreements using criteria similar to that evaluated in our security impairment process. see "- investment impairments." additionally, for each of our reinsurance agreements, we determine whether the agreement provides indemnification against loss or liability relating to insurance risk, in accordance with applicable accounting standards. we review all contractual features, including those that may limit the amount of insurance risk to which the reinsurer is subject or features that delay the timely reimbursement of claims. if we determine that a reinsurance agreement does not expose the reinsurer to a reasonable possibility of a significant loss from insurance risk, we record the agreement using the deposit method of accounting.
see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our reinsurance programs.
deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired we incur significant costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance business. costs that relate directly to the successful acquisition or renewal of insurance contracts are deferred as dac. in addition to commissions, certain direct-response advertising expenses and other direct costs, deferrable costs include the portion of an employee's total compensation and benefits related to time spent selling, underwriting or processing the issuance of new and renewal insurance business only with respect to actual policies acquired or renewed. we utilize various techniques to estimate the portion of an employee's time spent on qualifying acquisition activities that result in actual sales, including surveys, interviews, representative time studies and other methods. these estimates include assumptions that are reviewed and updated on a periodic basis or more frequently to reflect significant changes in processes or distribution methods.
voba represents the excess of book value over the estimated fair value of acquired insurance, annuity, and investment-type contracts in force at the acquisition date. for certain acquired blocks of business, the estimated fair value of the in-force contract obligations exceeded the book value of assumed in-force insurance policy liabilities, resulting in negative voba, which is presented separately from voba as an additional insurance liability included in other policy-related balances. the estimated fair value of the acquired liabilities is based on projections, by each block of business, of future policy and contract charges, premiums, mortality and morbidity, separate account performance, surrenders, operating expenses, investment returns, nonperformance risk adjustment and other factors. actual experience on the purchased business may vary from these projections. the recovery of dac and voba is dependent upon the future profitability of the related business.
separate account rates of return on variable universal life contracts and variable deferred annuity contracts affect in-force account balances on such contracts each reporting period, which can result in significant fluctuations in amortization of dac and voba. our practice to determine the impact of gross profits resulting from returns on separate accounts assumes that long-term appreciation in equity markets is not changed by short-term market fluctuations, but is only changed when sustained interim deviations are expected. we monitor these events and only change the assumption when our long-term expectation changes. the effect of an increase (decrease) by 100 basis points in the assumed future rate of return is reasonably likely to result in a decrease (increase) in the dac and voba amortization with an offset to our unearned revenue liability which nets to approximately $200 million. we use a mean reversion approach to separate account returns where the mean reversion period is five years with a long-term separate account return after the five-year reversion period is over. the current long-term rate of return assumption for the variable universal life contracts and variable deferred annuity contracts is 7.25%.
we also periodically review other long-term assumptions underlying the projections of estimated gross margins and profits. these assumptions primarily relate to investment returns, policyholder dividend scales, interest crediting rates, mortality, persistency, and expenses to administer business. assumptions used in the calculation of estimated gross margins and profits which may have significantly changed are updated annually. if the update of assumptions causes expected future gross margins and profits to increase, dac and voba amortization will decrease, resulting in a current period increase to earnings. the opposite result occurs when the assumption update causes expected future gross margins and profits to decrease.
our most significant assumption updates resulting in a change to expected future gross margins and profits and the amortization of dac and voba are due to revisions to expected future investment returns, expenses, in-force or persistency assumptions and policyholder dividends on participating traditional life contracts, variable and universal life contracts and annuity contracts. we expect these assumptions to be the ones most reasonably likely to cause significant changes in the future. changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time.
at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, dac and voba for the company was $24.1 billion, $24.4 billion and $26.7 billion, respectively. amortization of dac and voba associated with the variable and universal life and the annuity contracts was significantly impacted by movements in equity markets. the following illustrates the effect on dac and voba of changing each of the respective assumptions, as well as updating estimated gross margins or profits with actual gross margins or profits during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. increases (decreases) in dac and voba balances, as presented below, resulted in a corresponding decrease (increase) in amortization.
guaranteed minimum income benefits                               (125    )            (63    )            337
the following represent significant items contributing to the changes to dac and voba amortization in 2015:
-   actual gross profits decreased as a result of an increase in liabilities associated with guarantee obligations on variable annuities, resulting in a decrease of dac and voba amortization of $338 million, excluding the impact from our nonperformance risk and risk margins, which are described below. mark-to-market changes on the freestanding derivatives hedging such guarantee obligations resulted in an increase in dac and voba amortization of $114 million.
-   the company's nonperformance risk adjustment decreased the valuation of guaranteed liabilities, increased actual gross profits and increased dac and voba amortization by $17 million. this was partially offset by the lower risk margins, which increased the guarantee liability valuations, decreased actual gross profits and decreased dac and voba amortization by $10 million.
-   the remainder of the impact increased dac and voba amortization by $226 million and was attributable to 2015 investment activities, methodology refinement, and assumption updates.
•   better than expected persistency and updates in persistency assumptions caused an increase in actual and expected future gross profits resulting in a net decrease in dac and voba amortization of $220 million.
the following represent significant items contributing to the changes to dac and voba amortization in 2014:
•   the increase in equity markets during the year increased separate account balances, which led to higher actual and expected future gross profits on variable universal life contracts and variable deferred annuity contracts resulting in a decrease of $43 million in dac and voba amortization.
-   actual gross profits decreased as a result of an increase in liabilities associated with guarantee obligations on variable annuities, resulting in a decrease of dac and voba amortization of $118 million, excluding the impact from our nonperformance risk and risk margins, which are described below. this decrease in actual gross profits was more than offset by freestanding net derivative gains associated with the hedging of such guarantee obligations, which resulted in an increase in dac and voba amortization of $219 million.
-   the widening of the company's nonperformance risk adjustment decreased the valuation of guaranteed liabilities, increased actual gross profits and increased dac and voba amortization by $44 million. this was more than offset by the higher risk margins, which increased the guarantee liability valuations, decreased actual gross profits and decreased dac and voba amortization by $53 million.
-   the remainder of the impact of net investment gains (losses), which decreased dac and voba amortization by $50 million, was primarily attributable to 2014 investment activities.
•   the change in current and future projected gmibs liability resulted in an increase to dac amortization of $63 million.
•   better than expected persistency and changes in assumptions regarding persistency caused an increase in actual and expected future gross profits resulting in a net decrease in dac and voba amortization of $94 million.
the following represent significant items contributing to the changes to dac and voba amortization in 2013:
•   the increase in equity markets during the year increased separate account balances, which led to higher actual and expected future gross profits on variable universal life contracts and variable deferred annuity contracts resulting in a decrease of $157 million in dac and voba amortization.
-   actual gross profits increased as a result of a decrease in liabilities associated with guarantee obligations on variable annuities, resulting in an increase of dac and voba amortization of $1.1 billion, excluding the impact from our nonperformance risk and risk margins, which are described below. this increase in actual gross profits was more than offset by freestanding derivative losses associated with the hedging of such guarantee obligations, which resulted in a decrease in dac and voba amortization of $1.2 billion.
-   the tightening of our nonperformance risk adjustment increased the valuation of guarantee liabilities, decreased actual gross profits and decreased dac and voba amortization by $94 million. this was partially offset by lower risk margins, which decreased the guarantee liability valuations, increased actual gross profits and increased dac and voba amortization by $60 million.
-   the remainder of the impact of net investment gains (losses), which decreased dac and voba amortization by $72 million, was primarily attributable to 2013 investment activities.
•   the hedging and reinsurance losses associated with the insurance liabilities of the gmibs decreased actual gross profits and decreased dac and voba amortization by $349 million.
financial markets are susceptible to severe events evidenced by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in asset liquidity. our ability to sell investments, or the price ultimately realized for investments, depends upon the demand and liquidity in the market and increases the use of judgment in determining the estimated fair value of certain investments.
investment impairments one of the significant estimates related to afs securities is our impairment evaluation. the assessment of whether an other-than-temporary impairment ("otti") occurred is based on our case-by-case evaluation of the underlying reasons for the decline in estimated fair value on a security-by-security basis. our review of each fixed maturity and equity security for otti includes an analysis of gross unrealized losses by three categories of severity and/or age of gross unrealized loss. an extended and severe unrealized loss position on a fixed maturity security may not have any impact on the ability of the issuer to service all scheduled interest and principal payments. accordingly, such an unrealized loss position may not impact our evaluation of recoverability of all contractual cash flows or the ability to recover an amount at least equal to its amortized cost based on the present value of the expected future cash flows to be collected. in contrast, for certain equity securities, greater weight and consideration are given to a decline in estimated fair value and the likelihood such estimated fair value decline will recover.
additionally, we consider a wide range of factors about the security issuer and use our best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for near-term recovery. inherent in our evaluation of the security are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. factors we consider in the otti evaluation process are described in note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the determination of the amount of allowances and impairments on the remaining invested asset classes is highly subjective and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.
see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our determination of the amount of allowances and impairments.
derivatives the determination of the estimated fair value of freestanding derivatives, when quoted market values are not available, is based on market standard valuation methodologies and inputs that management believes are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing the instruments. derivative valuations can be affected by changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, financial indices, credit spreads, default risk, nonperformance risk, volatility, liquidity and changes in estimates and assumptions used in the pricing models. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on significant inputs into the otc derivative pricing models and credit risk adjustment.
we issue variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits, some of which are embedded derivatives measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity product, with changes in estimated fair value reported in net derivative gains (losses). the estimated fair values of these embedded derivatives are determined based on the present value of projected future benefits minus the present value of projected future fees. the projections of future benefits and future fees require capital market and actuarial assumptions, including expectations concerning policyholder behavior. a risk neutral valuation methodology is used under which the cash flows from the guarantees are projected under multiple capital market scenarios using observable risk-free rates. the valuation of these embedded derivatives also includes an adjustment for our nonperformance risk and risk margins for non-capital market inputs. the nonperformance risk adjustment, which is captured as a spread over the risk-free rate in determining the discount rate to discount the cash flows of the liability, is determined by taking into consideration publicly available information relating to spreads in the secondary market for metlife, inc.'s debt, including related credit default swaps. these observable spreads are then adjusted, as necessary, to reflect the priority of these liabilities and the claims paying ability of the issuing insurance subsidiaries compared to metlife, inc. risk margins are established to capture the non-capital market risks of the instrument which represent the additional compensation a market participant would require to assume the risks related to the uncertainties in certain actuarial assumptions. the establishment of risk margins requires the use of significant management judgment, including assumptions of the amount and cost of capital needed to cover the guarantees.
the table below illustrates the impact that a range of reasonably likely variances in credit spreads would have on our consolidated balance sheet, excluding the effect of income tax, related to the embedded derivative valuation on certain variable annuity products measured at estimated fair value. however, these estimated effects do not take into account potential changes in other variables, such as equity price levels and market volatility, which can also contribute significantly to changes in carrying values. therefore, the table does not necessarily reflect the ultimate impact on the consolidated financial statement under the credit spread variance scenarios presented below.
in determining the ranges, we have considered current market conditions, as well as the market level of spreads that can reasonably be anticipated over the near term. the ranges do not reflect extreme market conditions such as those experienced during the 2008-2009 financial crisis as we do not consider those to be reasonably likely events in the near future.
100% increase in our credit spread   $549                                           $(111                 )
50% decrease in our credit spread   $1,165                                         $(37                  )
the accounting for derivatives is complex and interpretations of accounting standards continue to evolve in practice. if it is determined that hedge accounting designations were not appropriately applied, reported net income could be materially affected. assessments of hedge effectiveness and measurements of ineffectiveness of hedging relationships are also subject to interpretations and estimations and different interpretations or estimates may have a material effect on the amount reported in net income.
variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits may be more costly than expected in volatile or declining equity markets. market conditions including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, equity indices, market volatility and foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our nonperformance risk, variations in actuarial assumptions regarding policyholder behavior, mortality and risk margins related to non-capital market inputs, may result in significant fluctuations in the estimated fair value of the guarantees that could materially affect net income. if interpretations change, there is a risk that features previously not bifurcated may require bifurcation and reporting at estimated fair value in the consolidated financial statements and respective changes in estimated fair value could materially affect net income.
additionally, we ceded the risk associated with certain of the variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits described in the preceding paragraphs. the value of the embedded derivatives on the ceded risk is determined using a methodology consistent with that described previously for the guarantees directly written by us with the exception of the input for nonperformance risk that reflects the credit of the reinsurer. because certain of the direct guarantees do not meet the definition of an embedded derivative and, thus are not accounted for at fair value, significant fluctuations in net income may occur since the change in fair value of the embedded derivative on the ceded risk is being recorded in net income without a corresponding and offsetting change in fair value of the direct guarantee.
see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our derivatives and hedging programs.
for purposes of goodwill impairment testing, if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill is compared to the carrying value of that goodwill to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. in such instances, the implied fair value of the goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill that would be determined in a business acquisition. the company tests goodwill for impairment by either performing a qualitative assessment or a two-step quantitative test. the qualitative assessment is an assessment of historical information and relevant events and circumstances to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. the company may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all of its reporting units and instead perform a two-step quantitative impairment test. in performing the two-step quantitative impairment test, the company may use a market multiple valuation approach and a discounted cash flow valuation approach. for reporting units which are particularly sensitive to market assumptions, the company may use additional valuation methodologies to estimate the reporting units' fair values. the key inputs, judgments and assumptions necessary in determining estimated fair value of the reporting units include projected operating earnings, current book value, the level of economic capital required to support the mix of business, long-term growth rates, comparative market multiples, control premium, the account value of in-force business, projections of new and renewal business, as well as margins on such business, the level of interest rates, credit spreads, equity market levels, and the discount rate that we believe is appropriate for the respective reporting unit.
during the 2015, 2014 and 2013 annual goodwill impairment tests, we concluded that the fair values of all reporting units were in excess of their carrying values and, therefore, goodwill was not impaired.
we apply significant judgment when determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units and when assessing the relationship of market capitalization to the aggregate estimated fair value of our reporting units. the valuation methodologies utilized are subject to key judgments and assumptions that are sensitive to change. estimates of fair value are inherently uncertain and represent only management's reasonable expectation regarding future developments. these estimates and the judgments and assumptions upon which the estimates are based will, in all likelihood, differ in some respects from actual future results. declines in the estimated fair value of our reporting units could result in goodwill impairments in future periods which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial position.
see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our goodwill.
employee benefit plans certain subsidiaries of metlife, inc. sponsor and/or administer various plans that provide defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefits covering eligible employees and sales representatives. the calculation of the obligations and expenses associated with these plans requires an extensive use of assumptions such as the discount rate, expected rate of return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases and healthcare cost trend rates, as well as assumptions regarding participant demographics such as rate and age of retirements, withdrawal rates and mortality. in consultation with external actuarial firms, we determine these assumptions based upon a variety of factors such as historical experience of the plan and its assets, currently available market and industry data, and expected benefit payout streams.
we determine the expected rate of return on plan assets based upon an approach that considers inflation, real return, term premium, credit spreads, equity risk premium and capital appreciation, as well as expenses, expected asset manager performance, asset weights and the effect of rebalancing. given the amount of plan assets as of december 31, 2014 the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed an expected rate of return for both our pension and other postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic benefit costs would have been a decrease of $103 million and an increase of $103 million, respectively, in 2015. this considers only changes in our assumed long-term rate of return given the level and mix of invested assets at the beginning of the year, without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed long-term rate of return.
we determine the discount rates used to value the pension and postretirement obligations, based upon rates commensurate with current yields on high quality corporate bonds. given our pension and postretirement obligations as of december 31, 2014, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed a discount rate for both our pension and postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic benefit costs would have been a decrease of $133 million and an increase of $155 million, respectively, in 2015. this considers only changes in our assumed discount rates without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed discount rate. the assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to, among other factors, changing market and economic conditions and changes in participant demographics. these differences may have a significant effect on the company's consolidated financial statements and liquidity.
see note 18 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of assumptions used in measuring liabilities relating to our employee benefit plans.
income taxes we provide for federal, state and foreign income taxes currently payable, as well as those deferred due to temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. our accounting for income taxes represents our best estimate of various events and transactions. tax laws are often complex and may be subject to differing interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. in establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of inherently complex tax laws. we must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions, both domestic and foreign.
in establishing a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, assumptions may be made in determining whether, and to what extent, a tax position may be sustained. once established, unrecognized tax benefits are adjusted when there is more information available or when events occur requiring a change.
valuation allowances are established against deferred tax assets when management determines, based on available information, that it is more likely than not that deferred income tax assets will not be realized. significant judgment is required in determining whether valuation allowances should be established, as well as the amount of such allowances. see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our determination of such valuation allowances.
we may be required to change our provision for income taxes when estimates used in determining valuation allowances on deferred tax assets significantly change, or when receipt of new information indicates the need for adjustment in valuation allowances. additionally, future events, such as changes in tax laws, tax regulations, or interpretations of such laws or regulations, could have an impact on the provision for income tax and the effective tax rate. any such changes could significantly affect the amounts reported in the financial statements in the year these changes occur.
see notes 1 and 19 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our income taxes.
litigation contingencies we are a party to a number of legal actions and are involved in a number of regulatory investigations. given the inherent unpredictability of these matters, it is difficult to estimate the impact on our financial position. liabilities are established when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. liabilities related to certain lawsuits, including our asbestos-related liability, are especially difficult to estimate due to the limitation of available data and uncertainty regarding numerous variables that can affect liability estimates. the data and variables that impact the assumptions used to estimate our asbestos-related liability include the number of future claims, the cost to resolve claims, the disease mix and severity of disease in pending and future claims, the impact of the number of new claims filed in a particular jurisdiction and variations in the law in the jurisdictions in which claims are filed, the possible impact of tort reform efforts, the willingness of courts to allow plaintiffs to pursue claims against us when exposure to asbestos took place after the dangers of asbestos exposure were well known, and the impact of any possible future adverse verdicts and their amounts. on a quarterly and annual basis, we review relevant information with respect to liabilities for litigation, regulatory investigations and litigation-related contingencies to be reflected in our consolidated financial statements. it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain of our litigation and regulatory investigations, including asbestos-related cases, or the use of different assumptions in the determination of amounts recorded could have a material effect upon our consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods.
see note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our assessment of litigation contingencies.
economic capital economic capital is an internally developed risk capital model, the purpose of which is to measure the risk in the business and to provide a basis upon which capital is deployed. the economic capital model accounts for the unique and specific nature of the risks inherent in our business.
our economic capital model, coupled with considerations of local capital requirements, aligns segment allocated equity with emerging standards and consistent risk principles. the model applies statistics-based risk evaluation principles to the material risks to which the company is exposed. these consistent risk principles include calibrating required economic capital shock factors to a specific confidence level and time horizon while applying an industry standard method for the inclusion of diversification benefits among risk types. economic capital-based risk estimation is an evolving science and industry best practices have emerged and continue to evolve. areas of evolving industry best practices include stochastic liability valuation techniques, alternative methodologies for the calculation of diversification benefits, and the quantification of appropriate shock levels. metlife's management is responsible for the ongoing production and enhancement of the economic capital model and reviews its approach periodically to ensure that it remains consistent with emerging industry practice standards.
segment net investment income is credited or charged based on the level of allocated equity; however, changes in allocated equity do not impact our consolidated net investment income, operating earnings or income (loss) from continuing operations, net of income tax.
net investment income is based upon the actual results of each segment's specifically identifiable investment portfolios adjusted for allocated equity. other costs are allocated to each of the segments based upon: (i) a review of the nature of such costs; (ii) time studies analyzing the amount of employee compensation costs incurred by each segment; and (iii) cost estimates included in the company's product pricing.
acquisitions and dispositions in 2014, the life insurance joint venture in vietnam among metlife, inc. (through metlife limited), joint stock commercial bank for investment & development of vietnam and bank for investment & development of vietnam insurance joint stock corporation was established. operations of the joint venture (bidv metlife life insurance limited liability company) commenced in 2014.
in 2014, metlife, inc. and malaysia's ammb holdings bhd ("ammb") completed the formation of their strategic partnership, in which each holds approximately 50% of both ammetlife insurance berhad and ammettakaful berhad, each of which became parties to exclusive 20-year distribution agreements with ammb bank affiliates.
see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's acquisitions and dispositions.
results of operations consolidated results business overview. overall sales declined from 2014 levels; however, sales experience was positive across various products within our regions for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to 2014. the introduction of new variable annuity products in late 2014 and early 2015, as well as pricing actions and our continued focus on our enhanced underwriting programs, all contributed to higher sales in our retail segment. for our group, voluntary & worksite benefits segment, 2015 sales were slightly higher, as improved sales of voluntary products were largely offset by lower sales of our core group products as a result of increased competition. despite the decline in funding ratios for defined benefit pension plans of s&p 500 companies, we experienced an increase in sales of pension risk transfers. however, more competitive pricing in the market drove a decrease in structured settlement annuity sales. total sales for our latin america segment decreased primarily due to the impact of a large contract in mexico in 2014. excluding this contract, sales for the region increased due to organic growth in several countries. sales in our emea segment improved, while sales in our asia segment declined slightly.
expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends                   40,102                40,478                39,366
interest credited to policyholder account balances                             5,610                 6,943                 8,179
capitalization of dac                                                         (3,837    )           (4,183    )           (4,786    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                     2,148                 2,465                   661
year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014
during the year ended december 31, 2015, income (loss) from continuing operations, before provision for income tax, decreased $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion, net of income tax) from 2014 primarily due to an unfavorable change in operating earnings, driven by the aforementioned tax charge and related charge for interest on uncertain tax positions, and an unfavorable change in net derivative gains (losses), partially offset by a favorable change in net investment gains (losses).
management of investment portfolio and hedging market risks with derivatives. we manage our investment portfolio using disciplined alm principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. our intent is to match the timing and amount of liability cash outflows with invested assets that have cash inflows of comparable timing and amount, while optimizing risk-adjusted net investment income and risk-adjusted total return. our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. these securities and loans have varying maturities and other characteristics which cause them to be generally well suited for matching the cash flow and duration of insurance liabilities. we also use derivatives as an integral part of our management of the investment portfolio to hedge certain risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads and equity market levels. in addition, our general account investment portfolio includes, within fvo and trading securities, contractholder-directed unit-linked investments supporting unit-linked variable annuity type liabilities, which do not qualify as separate account assets. the returns on these contractholder-directed unit-linked investments, which can vary significantly from period to period, include changes in estimated fair value subsequent to purchase, inure to contractholders and are offset in earnings by a corresponding change in policyholder account balances through interest credited to policyholder account balances.
we purchase investments to support our insurance liabilities and not to generate net investment gains and losses. however, net investment gains and losses are incurred and can change significantly from period to period due to changes in external influences, including changes in market factors such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads and equity markets; counterparty specific factors such as financial performance, credit rating and collateral valuation; and internal factors such as portfolio rebalancing. changes in these factors from period to period can significantly impact the levels of both impairments and realized gains and losses on investments sold.
we use freestanding interest rate, equity, credit and currency derivatives to hedge certain invested assets and insurance liabilities. certain of these hedges are designated and qualify as accounting hedges, which reduce volatility in earnings. for those hedges not designated as accounting hedges, changes in market factors lead to the recognition of fair value changes in net derivative gains (losses) generally without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the item being hedged, which creates volatility in earnings.
certain variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits contain embedded derivatives that are measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity contract, with changes in estimated fair value recorded in net derivative gains (losses). we use freestanding derivatives to hedge the market risks inherent in these variable annuity guarantees. the valuation of these embedded derivatives includes a nonperformance risk adjustment, which is unhedged, and can be a significant driver of net derivative gains (losses) and volatility in earnings, but does not have an economic impact on us.
net derivative gains (losses). the variable annuity embedded derivatives and associated freestanding derivative hedges are collectively referred to as "va program derivatives" in the following table. all other derivatives that are economic hedges of certain invested assets and insurance liabilities are referred to as "non-va program derivatives" in the following table. the table below presents the impact on net derivative gains (losses) from non-va program derivatives and va program derivatives:
credit                                                         10                      89
equity                                                       (172     )               (62     )
the unfavorable change in net derivative gains (losses) on non-va program derivatives was $386 million ($251 million, net of income tax). this was primarily due to long-term interest rates decreasing less in 2015 than in 2014, unfavorably impacting receive-fixed interest rate swaptions and interest rate swaps primarily hedging long duration liability portfolios.
these unfavorable changes were partially offset by the strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to other key currencies favorably impacting foreign currency forwards and futures that primarily hedge foreign denominated fixed maturity securities. in addition, a change in the value of the underlying assets favorably impacted non-va embedded derivatives related to funds withheld on a certain reinsurance agreement. because certain of these hedging strategies are not designated or do not qualify as accounting hedges, the changes in the estimated fair value of these freestanding derivatives are recognized in net derivative gains (losses) without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the item being hedged.
•   the cross effect of capital markets changes, which resulted in an unfavorable year over year change in the valuation of the embedded derivatives.
•   a combination of other factors, including reserve changes influenced by benefit features and policyholder behavior, as well as fcta, which resulted in an unfavorable year over year change in the valuation of embedded derivatives.
•   key equity index levels decreased in 2015 and increased in 2014, contributing to a favorable change in our freestanding derivatives and an unfavorable change in our embedded derivatives. for example, the s&amp;p 500 index decreased by 1% in 2015 and increased by 11% in 2014.
•   changes in foreign currency exchange rates contributed to a favorable change in our freestanding derivatives and an unfavorable change in our embedded derivatives related to the assumed reinsurance of certain variable annuity products from the company's former operating joint venture in japan. for example, the japanese yen strengthened against the euro by 10% in 2015 as compared with a weakening of less than 1% against the euro in 2014.
the aforementioned $150 million ($98 million, net of income tax) favorable change in the nonperformance risk adjustment on embedded derivatives was due to a favorable change of $148 million, before income tax, related to changes in our own credit spread and a favorable change of $2 million, before income tax, as a result of changes in capital market inputs, such as long-term interest rates and key equity index levels, on the variable annuity guarantees.
when equity index levels decrease in isolation, the variable annuity guarantees become more valuable to policyholders, which results in an increase in the undiscounted embedded derivative liability. discounting this unfavorable change by the risk adjusted rate yields a smaller loss than by discounting at the risk-free rate, thus creating a gain from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk.
when the risk-free interest rate decreases in isolation, discounting the embedded derivative liability produces a higher valuation of the liability than if the risk-free interest rate had remained constant. discounting this unfavorable change by the risk adjusted rate yields a smaller loss than by discounting at the risk-free interest rate, thus creating a gain from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk.
when our own credit spread increases in isolation, discounting the embedded derivative liability produces a lower valuation of the liability than if our own credit spread had remained constant. as a result, a gain is created from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk. for each of these primary market drivers, the opposite effect occurs when they move in the opposite direction.
net investment gains (losses). the favorable change in net investment gains (losses) of $794 million ($516 million, net of income tax) primarily reflects a loss in 2014 on the disposition of mal and higher net gains on sales of real estate in 2015, partially offset by lower net gains on sales and disposals of fixed maturity securities in 2015. for further information on mal, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
actuarial assumption review. results for 2015 include a $313 million ($203 million, net of income tax) charge associated with our annual assumption review related to reserves and dac, of which a $3 million loss ($2 million, net of income tax) was recognized in net derivative gains (losses). of the $313 million charge, $60 million ($39 million, net of income tax) was related to dac and $253 million ($164 million, net of income tax) was associated with reserves.
the $3 million loss recognized in net derivative gains (losses) associated with our annual assumption review was included within the other risks in embedded derivatives caption in the table above.
as a result of our annual assumption review, changes were made to economic, policyholder behavior, mortality and other assumptions. the most significant impacts were in the retail life and annuity blocks of business and are summarized as follows:
•   changes in policyholder behavior and mortality assumptions resulted in reserve increases, offset by favorable dac, resulting in a net charge of $91 million ($59 million, net of income tax).
•   the remaining updates resulted in an increase in reserves, coupled with unfavorable dac, resulting in a charge of $100 million ($65 million, net of income tax). the most notable update was related to our projection of closed block results.
results for 2014 include a $161 million ($105 million, net of income tax) benefit associated with our annual assumption review related to reserves and dac, of which $137 million ($89 million, net of income tax) was recognized in net derivative gains (losses). of the $161 million benefit, $82 million ($53 million, net of income tax) was related to dac and $79 million ($52 million, net of income tax) was associated with reserves.
taxes. income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $2.1 billion, or 29% of income (loss) from continuing operations before provision for income tax, compared with $2.5 billion, or 28% of income (loss) from continuing operations before provision for income tax, for the year ended december 31, 2014. the company's 2015 effective tax rate differs from the u.s. statutory rate of 35% primarily due to non-taxable investment income, tax credits for low income housing, and foreign earnings taxed at lower rates than the u.s. statutory rate. our 2015 results include one-time tax charges of $681 million, of which $557 million was recorded under accounting guidance for the recognition of tax uncertainties, $88 million was related to foreign exchange-related gains on investments in argentina and $36 million was the result of a deferred tax liability true-up in japan. these charges were partially offset by one-time tax benefits of $174 million in japan related to a change in tax rate, $61 million related to restructuring in chile, $57 million related to the repatriation of earnings from japan and $31 million related to the devaluation of the peso in argentina. the company's 2014 effective tax rate was different from the u.s. statutory rate of 35% primarily due to non-taxable investment income, tax credits for low income housing, foreign earnings taxed at lower rates than the u.s. statutory rate, and the tax effects of the mal divestiture. the 2014 period also includes a $54 million tax charge related to tax reform in chile, a $45 million tax charge related to the repatriation of earnings from japan and an $18 million tax charge related to a portion of the aforementioned settlement of a licensing matter which was not deductible for income tax purposes, partially offset by a $32 million one-time tax benefit related to the filing of the company's u.s. federal tax return.
operating earnings. as more fully described in "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures," we use operating earnings, which does not equate to income (loss) from continuing operations, net of income tax, as determined in accordance with gaap, to analyze our performance, evaluate segment performance, and allocate resources. we believe that the presentation of operating earnings and operating earnings available to common shareholders, as we measure it for management purposes, enhances the understanding of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. operating earnings and operating earnings available to common shareholders should not be viewed as substitutes for income (loss) from continuing operations, net of income tax, and net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders, respectively. operating earnings available to common shareholders decreased $1.1 billion, net of income tax, to $5.5 billion, net of income tax, for the year ended december 31, 2015 from $6.6 billion, net of income tax, for the year ended december 31, 2014.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013
net derivative gains (losses). the variable annuity embedded derivatives and associated freestanding derivative hedges are collectively referred to as "va program derivatives" in the following table. all other derivatives that are economic hedges of certain invested assets and insurance liabilities are referred to as "non-va program derivatives" in the following table. the table below presents the impact on net derivative gains (losses) from non-va program derivatives and va program derivatives:
credit                                                         89                     187
equity                                                        (62     )               (61     )
the favorable change in net derivative gains (losses) on non-va program derivatives was $3.4 billion ($2.2 billion, net of income tax). this was primarily due to long-term interest rates decreasing in 2014 and increasing in 2013, favorably impacting receive-fixed interest rate swaps and interest rate swaptions. these freestanding derivatives were primarily hedging long duration liability portfolios. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to other key currencies, as well as the japanese yen weakening less against the u.s. dollar in 2014 versus 2013, favorably impacted foreign currency swaps and forwards that primarily hedge foreign denominated fixed maturity securities. because certain of these hedging strategies are not designated or do not qualify as accounting hedges, the changes in the estimated fair value of these freestanding derivatives are recognized in net derivative gains (losses) without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the item being hedged.
the aforementioned $965 million ($627 million, net of income tax) favorable change in the nonperformance risk adjustment was due to a favorable change of $629 million, before income tax, as a result of changes in capital market inputs, such as long-term interest rates and key equity index levels, on the variable annuity guarantees, as well as a favorable change of $336 million, before income tax, related to changes in our own credit spread.
•   key equity index levels increased less in 2014 than in 2013, contributing to a favorable change in our freestanding derivatives and an unfavorable change in our embedded derivatives. for example, the s&amp;p 500 increased by 11% in 2014 and increased by 30% in 2013.
•   changes in foreign currency exchange rates contributed to a favorable change in our freestanding derivatives and an unfavorable change in our embedded derivatives. for example, the u.s. dollar strengthened against the japanese yen by 14% in 2014 as compared with 22% in 2013.
the foregoing $97 million ($63 million, net of income tax) unfavorable change in other risks in embedded derivatives was primarily due to an increase in the risk margin adjustment caused by higher policyholder behavior risks, along with updates to the actuarial assumptions, partially offset by favorable changes in all other risk factors.
net investment gains (losses). the unfavorable change in net investment gains (losses) of $358 million ($233 million, net of income tax) primarily reflects a 2014 loss on the disposition of mal, partially offset by 2014 gains on sales of real estate and real estate joint ventures.
actuarial assumption review. our 2014 results include a $161 million ($105 million, net of income tax) benefit associated with our annual assumption review related to reserves and dac, of which $137 million ($89 million, net of income tax) was recognized in net derivative gains (losses). of the $161 million benefit, $82 million ($53 million, net of income tax) was related to dac and $79 million ($52 million, net of income tax) was associated with reserves.
the $137 million gain recognized in net derivative gains (losses) associated with our annual assumption review was included within the other risks in embedded derivatives caption in the table above.
as a result of our annual assumption review, changes were made to economic, policyholder behavior, mortality and other assumptions. the most significant impacts were in the retail life and annuity blocks of businesses and are summarized as follows:
•   changes in economic assumptions resulted in a decrease in reserves, offset by unfavorable dac, resulting in a net benefit of $229 million ($149 million, net of income tax).
•   changes to policyholder behavior and mortality assumptions resulted in reserve increases, offset by favorable dac, resulting in a net loss of $175 million ($114 million, net of income tax).
•   the remaining updates resulted in a decrease in reserves, coupled with favorable dac, resulting in a benefit of $107 million ($70 million, net of income tax). the most notable update was related to our projection of closed block results.
our 2013 results include a $101 million ($69 million, net of income tax) charge associated with our annual assumption review related to reserves and dac, of which $138 million ($90 million, net of income tax) was recognized in net derivative gains (losses). of the $101 million charge, $228 million ($150 million, net of income tax) was related to reserves, offset by $127 million ($81 million, net of income tax) associated with dac. the $138 million loss recorded in net derivative gains (losses) associated with our annual assumption review was included within the other risks in embedded derivatives caption in the table above.
taxes. income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $2.5 billion, or 28% of income (loss) from continuing operations before provision for income tax, compared with $661 million, or 16% of income (loss) from continuing operations before provision for income tax, for the year ended december 31, 2013. the company's 2014 and 2013 effective tax rates differed from the u.s. statutory rate of 35% primarily due to non-taxable investment income, tax credits for low income housing, and foreign earnings taxed at lower rates than the u.s. statutory rate. the company's 2013 effective tax rate also reflected tax benefits in japan related to the 2012 branch restructuring and the estimated reversal of temporary differences. our 2014 results include a $38 million tax charge related to a portion of the aforementioned settlement of a licensing matter, and the ppaca fee, both of which were not deductible for income tax purposes, as well as a $54 million tax charge related to tax reform in chile and a $45 million tax charge related to the repatriation of earnings from japan. these charges were partially offset by a $32 million one-time tax benefit related to the filing of the company's u.s. federal tax return. in addition, in 2013, the company received an income tax refund from the japanese tax authority and recorded a $119 million reduction to income tax expense.
retail            group,voluntary&amp; worksitebenefits           corporatebenefitfunding            latinamerica                asia             emea             corporate &amp; other               total
less: provision for income tax (expense) benefit                    257                                      9                                    (84         )              (62      )             (21   )          (22   )                     101                       178
retail            group,voluntary&amp; worksitebenefits           corporatebenefitfunding            latinamerica                asia              emea             corporate &amp; other               total
less: provision for income tax (expense) benefit                     42                                   (111              )                      52                         48                     35               (88   )                     (65         )             (87   )
retail            group,voluntary&amp; worksitebenefits          corporatebenefitfunding             latinamerica                asia             emea           corporate&amp; other               total
less: provision for income tax (expense) benefit                    554                                    304                                    53                         (71      )             487              (33   )                   389                    1,683
(1)   see definitions of operating revenues and operating expenses under "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for the components of such adjustments.
retail            group,voluntary&amp; worksitebenefits           corporatebenefitfunding            latinamerica                asia               emea          corporate&amp; other               total
retail            group,voluntary&amp; worksitebenefits           corporatebenefitfunding             latinamerica                asia                emea             corporate &amp; other              total
retail           group,voluntary&amp; worksitebenefits           corporatebenefitfunding            latinamerica                asia                emea           corporate&amp; other               total
(1)   see definitions of operating revenues and operating expenses under "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for the components of such adjustments.
operating expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends      39,565                39,478                37,746
interest credited to policyholder account balances                5,334                 5,661                 6,015
capitalization of dac                                            (3,837    )           (4,182    )           (4,786    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                        2,326                 2,378                 2,344
year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014
overview. the primary drivers of the decrease in operating earnings were lower investment yields, a tax charge and a related charge for interest on uncertain tax positions in 2015, less favorable underwriting results and an unfavorable impact from our annual review of actuarial assumptions, partially offset by higher net investment income from portfolio growth.
business growth. we benefited from higher sales and business growth across many of our products. growth in the investment portfolios of our domestic and latin america segments generated higher net investment income, which was partially offset by higher surrenders of foreign currency-denominated fixed annuity products in japan. the changes in business growth discussed above resulted in a $474 million increase in operating earnings.
market factors. market factors, including the sustained low interest rate environment, continued to impact our investment yields. excluding the impact of inflation-indexed investments in the latin america segment, investment yields decreased. investment yields were negatively impacted by the adverse impact of the sustained low interest rate environment on fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans, as well as by lower returns on other limited partnership interests and our securities lending program. these decreases were partially offset by higher income on currency and interest rate derivatives and higher returns on real estate and real estate joint ventures. the changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a $545 million decrease in operating earnings.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. a $99 million decrease in underwriting results was primarily due to higher non-catastrophe related claim costs, as well as higher catastrophe-related losses in our property & casualty businesses. on an annual basis, we review and update our long-term assumptions used in our calculations of certain insurance-related liabilities and dac. these annual updates, which occurred in both 2015 and 2014, resulted in a net operating earnings decrease of $98 million and were primarily related to unfavorable dac unlockings in our retail segment. refinements to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities that were recorded in both 2015 and 2014 resulted in a net decrease of $6 million in operating earnings. the 2014 refinements include favorable reserve adjustments related to disability premium waivers and a charge related to delayed settlement interest on unclaimed funds held by state governments, all in our retail life business.
expenses. in 2015, other expenses include the aforementioned $235 million charge for interest on uncertain tax positions. an additional $101 million increase in expenses was primarily the result of higher employee-related costs and an increase in expenses associated with corporate initiatives and projects, primarily in asia. these increases were partially offset by a $117 million accrual in 2014 to increase the litigation reserve related to asbestos, as well as 2014 charges totaling $57 million related to the aforementioned settlement of a licensing matter.
taxes. the company's 2015 and 2014 effective tax rates differed from the u.s. statutory rate of 35%, primarily due to non-taxable investment income, tax credits for low income housing, and foreign earnings taxed at lower rates than the u.s. statutory rate. our results for 2015 include the aforementioned tax charge of $557 million recorded under accounting guidance for the recognition of tax uncertainties, partially offset by a $61 million benefit in japan related to a tax rate change, a one-time tax benefit of $60 million related to restructuring in chile, a $31 million tax benefit related to the repatriation of earnings from japan and a $31 million one-time tax benefit related to the devaluation of the peso in argentina. in 2014, the company realized a $32 million one-time tax benefit related to the filing of the company's u.s. federal tax return. however, this was more than offset by a $41 million one-time tax charge related to tax reform in chile and an $18 million tax charge related to the aforementioned settlement of a licensing matter which was not deductible for income tax purposes.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013
overview. the primary drivers of the increase in operating earnings were higher net investment income from portfolio growth, higher asset-based fee income and a decrease in interest credited expense, partially offset by unfavorable mortality, morbidity and claims experience and the impact of decreasing investment yields on net investment income. excluding the impact of the aforementioned tax reform charge in chile, the fourth quarter 2013 acquisition of provida increased operating earnings by $166 million.
business growth. we benefited from strong sales and business growth across many of our products as evidenced by higher asset-based fee income from growth in our businesses abroad. however, we continue to focus on pricing discipline and risk management which resulted in a decrease in sales of our variable annuity products. this decline in sales, in combination with surrenders and withdrawals, resulted in negative net flows, which caused lower average separate account assets and, consequently, lower asset-based fee income in our retail segment. excluding the impact of the divested businesses and the acquisition of provida, growth in our investment portfolios in the majority of our segments generated higher net investment income. our property & casualty businesses benefited from an increase in average premium per policy. these positive results were partially offset by an associated increase in dac amortization. the changes in business growth discussed above resulted in a $432 million increase in operating earnings.
market factors. market factors, including the sustained low interest rate environment, continued to impact our investment yields, as well as our crediting rates. excluding the results of the divested businesses, the acquisition of provida and the impact of inflation-indexed investments in the latin america segment, investment yields decreased. certain of our inflation-indexed products are backed by inflation-indexed investments. changes in inflation cause fluctuations in net investment income with a corresponding fluctuation in policyholder benefits, resulting in a minimal impact to operating earnings. investment yields were negatively impacted by the adverse impact of the sustained low interest rate environment on fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans yields, lower returns on our hedge funds, as well as increased holdings of lower yielding japanese government securities in the japan fixed annuity business. these decreases were partially offset by higher returns on interest rate derivatives, real estate joint ventures and private equity investments. yields were also favorably impacted by increased sales of foreign currency-denominated fixed annuities in japan, resulting in an increase in higher yielding foreign currency-denominated fixed maturity securities. the sustained low interest rate environment also resulted in lower interest credited expense as we set interest credited rates lower on both new business and certain in-force business with rate resets that are contractually tied to external indices or contain discretionary rate reset provisions. our average separate account balances grew with the equity markets driving higher fee income in our annuity business. however, this was partially offset by higher dac amortization due to the significant prior period equity market increase, as well as higher asset-based commissions and costs associated with our variable annuity gmdbs. the changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a $170 million decrease in operating earnings.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. less favorable mortality and morbidity was driven by our group, voluntary & worksite benefits segment. in addition, in our property & casualty businesses, catastrophe-related losses increased due to severe storm activity in 2014. non-catastrophe related claim costs also increased as a result of severe winter weather in 2014. claims experience in our latin america segment was also unfavorable. the combined impact of mortality, morbidity and claims experience decreased operating earnings by $146 million. the combined impact of the 2014 and 2013 annual assumption updates resulted in a $12 million decrease in operating earnings in 2014 as compared to 2013. in addition to our annual updates, refinements to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities that were recorded in both years increased operating earnings by $75 million. such refinements include favorable reserve adjustments in 2014 related to disability premium waivers and a 2014 charge related to delayed settlement interest on unclaimed funds held by state governments, both in our life business within our retail segment, as well as a write-down of dac and voba in 2013 related to pension reform in poland within our emea segment. also, our 2013 results include a reserve strengthening in australia within our asia segment of $57 million, net of reinsurance.
expenses. a $112 million decrease in expenses was primarily driven by lower employee-related costs. in addition, our 2014 results include charges totaling $57 million related to the aforementioned settlement of a licensing matter with the department of financial services and the district attorney, new york county. the ppaca fee reduced operating earnings by $58 million in 2014. we increased our litigation reserves related to asbestos more in 2014 than in 2013 resulting in a $16 million decline in operating earnings.
taxes. in 2014, the company realized a $32 million tax benefit related to the filing of the company's u.s. federal tax return, as well as additional tax benefits of $36 million related to the separate account dividends received deduction and $58 million primarily related to foreign earnings taxed at rates lower than the u.s. and other tax preference items. however, this was partially offset by a $38 million tax charge related to a portion of the aforementioned settlement of a licensing matter and the ppaca fee, both of which were not deductible for income tax purposes.
segment results and corporate & other retail business overview. retail annuity sales increased 15% as a result of new variable annuity products introduced in late 2014 and early 2015 and higher indexed annuity sales. life sales increased 17% driven by increases in our term life products (due to pricing actions) and whole life products (as a result of several large cases, as well as a continued focus on our enhanced underwriting programs). a significant portion of our operating earnings is driven by separate account balances. most directly, these balances determine asset-based fee income but they also impact dac amortization and asset-based commissions. separate account balances are driven by sales, movements in the market, surrenders, withdrawals, benefit payments, transfers and policy charges. separate account balances have declined due to market performance along with the impact of negative net flows, as benefits, surrenders and withdrawals exceeded sales.
operating expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       9,995                 9,851                 9,028
interest credited to policyholder account balances                2,198                 2,245                 2,331
capitalization of dac                                            (1,048    )             (969    )           (1,309    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                          956                 1,130                 1,107
year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014
business growth. a $59 million increase in operating earnings was attributable to business growth. our life businesses had positive net flows which resulted in higher net investment income. in addition, net investment income increased as a result of a larger invested asset base due to a higher amount of allocated equity as compared to 2014. this favorable impact was partially offset by a related increase in dac amortization and an increase in interest credited expenses. declines in broker-dealer revenue also decreased operating earnings. in our property & casualty business, an increase in average premium per policy in both the auto and homeowners businesses improved operating earnings, but was partially offset by a decrease in exposures. in our deferred annuities business, negative net flows decreased average separate account balances and, consequently, lower asset-based fee income, partially offset by lower dac amortization due to the decrease in our in-force business.
market factors. a $177 million decrease in operating earnings was attributable to market factors, including equity markets and interest rates. the sustained low interest rate environment resulted in a decline in net investment income on our fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans as proceeds from maturing investments were reinvested at lower yields. this reduction in 2015 income from lower yields was partially offset by a decrease in dac amortization, as well as lower interest credited expense in our deferred annuities business as a result of declines in average interest credited rates. lower returns on other limited partnership interests were partially offset by increased prepayment fees and higher returns on real estate and real estate joint ventures. while separate account fund returns were down slightly on a full year basis, the positive returns in the first half of the year drove an increase in our average separate account balances which resulted in a small increase in asset-based fee income, partially offset by higher dac amortization. in addition, costs associated with our variable annuity gmdbs were lower in 2015.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. less favorable mortality in our universal life business, partially offset by favorable mortality in our traditional life and income annuities businesses resulted in a net decrease of $12 million in operating earnings. in our property & casualty business, non-catastrophe claim costs increased by $24 million as a result of higher severities in our auto and homeowners businesses and higher frequencies in our auto business, partially offset by lower frequencies in our homeowners business. catastrophe-related losses increased $16 million mainly due to severe winter weather in 2015. favorable morbidity experience in our individual disability income business resulted in a $5 million increase in operating earnings. on an annual basis, we review and update our long-term assumptions used in our calculations of certain insurance-related liabilities and dac. these annual updates, which occurred in both 2015 and 2014, resulted in a net operating earnings decrease of $118 million and were primarily related to unfavorable dac unlockings in the life businesses. refinements to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities that were recorded in both 2015 and 2014 resulted in a decrease in operating earnings of $18 million, primarily driven by certain 2014 adjustments in our life business, as well as adjustments in our annuities business. the 2014 refinements include favorable reserve adjustments related to disability premium waivers and a charge related to delayed settlement interest on unclaimed funds held by state governments.
expenses and taxes. operating earnings decreased due to an increase in expenses of $45 million, mainly the result of higher employee-related costs. in 2015, we realized lower tax benefits of $16 million primarily related to the separate account dividends received deduction.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013
business growth. a $156 million increase in operating earnings was attributable to business growth. our life businesses had positive net flows, despite a decline in universal life sales, which resulted in higher net investment income. this favorable impact was partially offset by increases in dac amortization and interest credited expenses, as well as lower fees, as 2013 benefited from the first year fees received on the now discontinued lifetime secondary guarantees on our universal life products. in our deferred annuities business, the impact of negative net flows contributed to a decrease in asset-based fee income, partially offset by a reduction in interest credited expenses in the general account. additionally, costs associated with our variable annuity gmdbs were lower. in our property & casualty business, an increase in average premium per policy in both our auto and homeowners businesses contributed to the increase in operating earnings. in addition, we earned more income on a larger invested asset base, which resulted from a higher amount of allocated equity as compared to 2013.
market factors. a $58 million decrease in operating earnings was attributable to market factors, including equity markets and interest rates. strong equity market performance led to higher asset-based commissions, which were, in part, driven by separate account balances, higher dac amortization and costs associated with our gmdbs. the more favorable separate account returns in 2013 drove lower dac amortization in 2013 as compared to 2014 where equity returns were much less favorable. these negative impacts were partially offset by higher asset-based fee income in 2014 due to increased average separate account balances. this positive equity market performance also drove higher net investment income from private equity investments. the sustained low interest rate environment resulted in a decline in net investment income on our fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans as proceeds from maturing investments were reinvested at lower yields. this negative interest rate impact was partially offset by lower interest credited expense as we reduced interest credited rates on contracts with discretionary rate reset provisions, and lower dac amortization in our life business. lower returns in our hedge funds also decreased operating earnings and were partially offset by higher income from real estate joint ventures and increased prepayment fees.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. less favorable mortality experience in our variable and universal life business, primarily driven by three large, unreinsured claims, partially offset by favorable experience in the traditional life and immediate annuities businesses, resulted in a $40 million decrease in operating earnings. in our property & casualty business, non-catastrophe claim costs increased by $8 million as a result of higher frequencies in our auto business offset by lower frequencies in our homeowners business. catastrophe-related losses increased $5 million as compared to 2013. in addition, favorable morbidity experience in our individual disability income business resulted in a $6 million increase in operating earnings. the combined impact of the 2014 and 2013 annual assumption updates resulted in a net operating earnings decrease of $11 million and were primarily related to unfavorable dac unlockings in the variable annuity business, partially offset by favorable dac unlockings in our traditional and universal life businesses. refinements to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities that were recorded in 2014 and 2013 resulted in a $7 million increase in operating earnings, which included $104 million of favorable reserve adjustments in 2014 related to disability premium waivers and a 2014 charge of $57 million related to delayed settlement interest on unclaimed funds held by state governments, both in our life business.
expenses and taxes. operating earnings increased due to a decline in expenses of $109 million, mainly the result of lower employee-related costs and the 2013 increase in litigation reserves. in 2014, we realized additional tax benefits of $37 million related to the separate account dividends received deduction and $22 million related to the filing of the company's u.s. federal tax return.
group, voluntary & worksite benefits business overview. premiums increased for most of our businesses as a result of gradual growth in the u.s. economy, a decrease in the u.s. unemployment rate and low inflation. our term life, dental, disability and voluntary benefits businesses generated premium growth due to sales and rate actions. in addition, we had strong persistency levels. the dental business also benefited from pricing actions on existing business. our 2015 sales were slightly higher, as improved sales of voluntary products were largely offset by lower sales of our core group products as a result of increased competition. although we have discontinued selling our long-term care product, we continue to collect premiums and administer the existing block of business, which contributed to asset growth in the segment.
operating expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends      15,170                14,897                14,227
interest credited to policyholder account balances                  151                   156                   155
capitalization of dac                                              (151    )             (143    )             (141    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                          499                   467                   480
year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014
business growth. a $73 million increase in operating earnings was attributable to business growth. an increase in average premium per policy in both our auto and homeowners businesses improved operating earnings. growth in premiums, as well as increases in allocated equity resulted in higher average invested assets, improving operating earnings. consistent with the growth in average invested assets from increased premiums, primarily in our long-term care business, interest credited on long-duration contracts increased. an increase in the annual assessment of the ppaca fee increased other expenses in 2015; however, the impact of the assessment was significantly offset by a related increase in premiums from our dental business. the remaining increase in other operating expenses, mainly the result of growth across the segment, was more than offset by the remaining increase in premiums, fees and other revenues.
market factors. the sustained low interest rate environment drove lower investment yields on our fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. in addition, yields were negatively impacted by a reduction in the size of our securities lending program, as well as lower returns on other limited partnership interests. this was partially offset by higher returns on alternative investments and currency derivatives. unlike in the retail and corporate benefit funding segments, in the group, voluntary & worksite benefits segment, a change in investment yield does not necessarily drive a corresponding change in the rates credited on certain insurance liabilities. the decrease in investment yields was partially offset by the impact of lower crediting rates in 2015, which resulted in a net decrease in operating earnings of $14 million.
underwriting and other insurance adjustments. in our property & casualty business, catastrophe-related losses increased by $29 million, mainly due to severe winter weather in 2015. in addition, non-catastrophe claim costs increased $37 million, resulting from higher severities in both our auto and homeowners businesses, as well as higher frequencies in our auto business, partially offset by lower frequencies in our homeowners businesses. further, less favorable development of prior year non-catastrophe losses resulted in a slight decrease to operating earnings. our life and ad&d businesses experienced favorable mortality in 2015, mainly due to favorable claims experience, which resulted in a $46 million increase in operating earnings. less favorable reserve development in our dental business was partially offset by favorable morbidity experience in our long-term care and disability businesses and resulted in a $16 million decrease in operating earnings. the favorable claims experience in our long-term care business was due to higher net closures and the impact of lapses on certain insurance liabilities. in our disability business, the favorable claims experience was primarily driven by fewer approvals, a reduction in the average size of claims and higher net closures. refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities, which were recorded in both 2015 and 2014, resulted in a $17 million increase in operating earnings.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013
business growth. the increase in average premium per policy in both our auto and homeowners businesses improved operating earnings by $42 million. growth in premiums and deposits in 2014, as well as an increase in allocated equity, partially offset by reductions in other liabilities and policyholder account balances, resulted in an increase in our average invested assets, increasing operating earnings by $51 million. consistent with the growth in average invested assets from premiums and deposits, primarily in our long-term care business, interest credited on long-duration contracts and policyholder account balances increased by $24 million. the ppaca fee increased other expenses by $58 million in 2014; however, the impact of the assessment was significantly offset by a related increase in premiums in the dental business. the remaining increase in other operating expenses, including higher marketing and sales support costs in our property & casualty business, was partially offset by the remaining increase in premiums, fees and other revenues.
market factors. the impact of changes in market factors, including lower yields on our fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans, and decreased income on alternative investments, partially offset by higher returns on our real estate joint ventures and private equity investments, resulted in lower investment yields. the decrease in investment yields, slightly offset by lower crediting rates in 2014, reduced operating earnings by $29 million.
underwriting and other insurance adjustments. our life business experienced less favorable mortality in 2014, mainly due to an increase in claims severity in the term life business and increased claims incidence in the group universal life business, which resulted in a $48 million decrease in operating earnings. unfavorable claims experience in our disability business, driven by higher approvals, was partially offset by higher net closures. in addition, increased utilization of services across the channels of our dental business was partially offset by the impact of lapses on certain insurance liabilities, higher net closures in our long-term care business and favorable claims incidence in our ad&d business. our overall net unfavorable claims experience resulted in a $14 million decrease in operating earnings. the impact of favorable refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities in 2014 resulted in an increase in operating earnings of $27 million. in our property & casualty business, catastrophe-related losses increased by $21 million as compared to 2013, mainly due to severe storm activity in 2014. in addition, severe winter weather in 2014 increased non-catastrophe claim costs by $18 million, which was the result of higher frequencies in both our auto and homeowners businesses, as well as higher severities in our homeowners business, partially offset by lower severities in our auto business. these unfavorable results were partially offset by additional favorable development of prior year non-catastrophe losses, which improved operating earnings by $15 million.
corporate benefit funding business overview. funding ratios for defined benefit pension plans of s&p 500 companies continued to fall in 2015, limiting their ability to engage in full pension plan buyouts. however, we expect that customers may choose to close out portions of pension plans over time, with the largest volume of business generally occurring near the end of any year. despite the decline in funding ratios for defined benefit pension plans of s&p 500 companies, higher pension risk transfers resulted in an increase in premiums. in addition, more competitive pricing in the market drove a decrease in structured settlement annuity sales. changes in premiums for these businesses were almost entirely offset by the related changes in policyholder benefits and claims.
operating expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       5,447                 5,106                 5,180
interest credited to policyholder account balances                1,184                 1,140                 1,233
capitalization of dac                                               (19    )              (31    )              (27    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                          739                   771                   667
year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014
business growth. the impact of 2015 deposits and funding agreement issuances resulted in higher invested assets, which drove an increase in net investment income, partially offset by the related increase in interest credited expense, and resulted in a $106 million increase in operating earnings. net funding agreement issuances were higher in 2014 to take advantage of favorable market conditions in advance of scheduled contract maturities.
market factors. the sustained low interest rate environment drove lower investment yields on mortgage loans and fixed maturity securities, as well as from our securities lending program. in addition, weaker equity markets in 2015 resulted in lower returns on other limited partnership interests. these unfavorable changes were partially offset by higher income on interest rate and currency derivatives, real estate and real estate joint ventures, as well as the favorable impact of a conversion of the securities accounting system. an increase in interest credited expense, resulting from a higher average rate, was driven by the effect of divesting a lower yielding product in early 2014. the combined impact of lower investment returns and higher interest credited expense, resulted in a decrease in operating earnings of $144 million.
underwriting and other insurance adjustments. less favorable mortality in our pension risk transfer and structured settlement businesses was partially offset by more favorable mortality from our income annuity and specialized life insurance products, and resulted in a $6 million decrease in operating earnings. the net impact of insurance liability refinements that were recorded in both 2015 and 2014 decreased operating earnings by $20 million.
expenses. slightly higher employee-related costs and annual premium tax adjustments were partially offset by lower non-deferrable commissions, driven by a decrease in structured settlement annuity sales in 2015, and decreased operating earnings by $4 million.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013
business growth. the impact of 2014 deposits and funding agreement issuances, as well as increases in allocated equity and other liabilities, resulted in higher invested assets, which drove an increase in net investment income that was partially offset by the related increase in interest credited expense and resulted in a $122 million increase in operating earnings. in addition, strong investment performance and large case sales for our separate account products drove higher average account balances which resulted in an increase in separate account fees of $8 million.
market factors. the sustained low interest rate environment impacted our interest credited rates, as well as our investment yields. many of our funding agreements and guaranteed interest contract liabilities have interest credited rates that are contractually tied to external indices and, as a result, we set lower interest credited rates on new business, as well as on existing business with terms that can fluctuate. the sustained low interest rate environment drove lower investment yields on mortgage loans and fixed maturity securities. in addition, hedge fund income declined. these unfavorable changes were partially offset by the impact of changes in market factors that drove higher income on interest rate derivatives and improved returns on real estate joint ventures. the impact of lower interest credited expense offset by lower investment returns resulted in an increase in operating earnings of $34 million.
underwriting and other insurance adjustments. favorable mortality in 2014, primarily in our structured settlements business, resulted in a $24 million increase in operating earnings. the net impact of insurance liability refinements that were recorded in 2014 and 2013 increased operating earnings by $28 million.
taxes. in 2014, we realized additional tax benefits of $11 million primarily related to the filing of the company's u.s. federal tax return.
latin america business overview. total sales for the region decreased primarily due to the impact of a large contract in mexico in 2014. excluding this contract, sales for the region increased due to organic growth in several countries. total sales of life, accident & health and credit products increased across several countries. life and accident & health product sales also increased in our u.s. direct business. sales of retirement products were down as lower sales in mexico were only partially offset by higher sales in brazil.
operating expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       2,625                 2,786                 2,487
interest credited to policyholder account balances                  349                   394                   417
capitalization of dac                                              (426    )             (445    )             (452    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                            7                    96                    83
year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014
business growth. total sales for the region decreased primarily due to the impact of a large contract in mexico in 2014. excluding this large contract, sales increased due to organic growth in several countries, as well as in our u.s. direct business but the resulting increase in premiums was partially offset by related changes in policyholder benefits. an increase in average invested assets, primarily in chile and mexico, generated higher net investment income. growth in our businesses resulted in higher policy fee income, as well as increased marketing costs and commissions, which were partially offset by increased dac capitalization. the items discussed above were the primary drivers of a $133 million increase in operating earnings.
market factors. the net impact of changes in market factors resulted in an $83 million decrease in operating earnings, driven by lower investment yields and higher interest credited expense. investment yields decreased on fixed income securities in chile and mexico and we experienced lower investment returns on alternative investments in chile.
underwriting and other insurance adjustments. unfavorable claims experience in several countries decreased operating earnings by $16 million. refinements to dac and other adjustments recorded in both 2015 and 2014 resulted in a $14 million increase in operating earnings.
expenses and taxes. effective september 1, 2015, provida was merged into metlife chile acquisition company resulting in a one-time income tax benefit of $60 million in 2015. in the third quarter of 2014, our chilean businesses, including provida, incurred a one-time tax charge of $41 million ($33 million after adjusting for foreign currency fluctuations) as a result of tax reform in chile. other tax-related adjustments in both 2015 and 2014 decreased operating earnings by $18 million. these tax-related adjustments include tax charges related to inflation in chile and mexico, as well as a 2014 refund claim in argentina, partially offset by a benefit resulting from the devaluation of the peso in argentina in both 2015 and 2014. in addition, employee-related costs, which include inflation, were higher across several countries, resulting in an $8 million decrease in operating earnings.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013
a tax reform bill was enacted in chile on september 29, 2014 which includes, among other things, a gradual increase in the corporate tax rate. our chilean businesses, including provida, incurred a one-time tax charge of $41 million as a result of this legislation. excluding the aforementioned tax reform, our operating earnings increased by $166 million in 2014 due to the fourth quarter 2013 acquisition of provida.
business growth. latin america experienced organic growth and increased sales of life products in several countries, as well as in our u.s. sponsored direct business. this was partially offset by decreased pension and accident & health sales in mexico and brazil. the resulting increase in premiums was partially offset by related changes in policyholder benefits. growth in our businesses and the impact of inflation drove an increase in average invested assets, which generated higher net investment income and higher policy fee income, partially offset by a corresponding increase in interest credited on certain insurance liabilities and the impact of changes in allocated equity. increases in marketing costs and commissions resulted in higher operating expenses. business growth also drove an increase in dac amortization. the items discussed above were the primary drivers of a $94 million increase in operating earnings.
market factors. the net impact of changes in market factors resulted in a $25 million decrease in operating earnings. this decrease was primarily driven by higher interest credited expense, the unfavorable impact of inflation, and lower yields from alternative investments and mortgage loans in chile, partially offset by higher investment yields on fixed income securities in chile and brazil.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. unfavorable claims experience, primarily due to increased claims severity and frequency in mexico, chile and brazil, decreased operating earnings by $32 million. the impact of the 2013 annual assumption review resulted in an operating earnings decrease of $7 million. in addition to our annual updates, other refinements to dac and other adjustments recorded in both 2014 and 2013 resulted in a $13 million decrease in operating earnings.
expenses and taxes. tax-related adjustments in both 2014 and 2013 increased operating earnings by $45 million, excluding the aforementioned tax reform. these tax-related adjustments include 2014 tax benefits related to the devaluation of the peso in argentina, inflation in argentina and chile, and a 2013 tax rate change in mexico. these increases were partially offset by higher expenses, primarily generated by employee- and information technology-related costs across several countries, which decreased operating earnings by $23 million.
operating expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       5,275                 5,724                 5,755
interest credited to policyholder account balances                1,309                 1,544                 1,690
capitalization of dac                                            (1,720    )           (1,914    )           (2,143    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                          457                   582                   565
year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014
foreign currency. the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced operating earnings by $126 million for 2015 compared to 2014 as a result of the weakening of the yen against the u.s. dollar. this resulted in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
business growth. asia's premiums, fees and other revenues increased over the prior year driven by broad based in-force growth across the region, including growth in our ordinary life and accident & health businesses in japan and korea, as well as our group insurance business in australia. changes in premiums for these businesses were partially offset by related changes in policyholder benefits. during the period, surrenders of foreign currency-denominated fixed annuity products in japan also contributed to higher fee income. the impact of these surrenders, partially offset by positive net flows in korea, bangladesh and india, resulted in lower average invested assets and a decrease in net investment income. in addition, a decrease in interest credited expenses was partially offset by increases in amortization of dac and voba, commissions and variable expenses (net of dac capitalization), primarily related to the establishment of an agency channel in hong kong. the combined impact of the items discussed above improved operating earnings by $61 million.
market factors. investment returns were positively impacted by higher net investment income resulting from the recovery of a previously impaired mortgage loan in japan, improved operating results from our china joint venture and higher interest rates on fixed maturity securities in bangladesh. these improved investment returns were partially offset by the impact of lower interest rates on fixed maturity securities in korea and the impact in japan of continued growth of lower yielding japanese government securities. the decrease in returns from japanese government securities was offset by the favorable impact of increased foreign currency-denominated fixed annuities in japan driving an increase in higher yielding foreign currency-denominated fixed maturity securities. higher investment yields, combined with the impact of foreign currency hedges, increased operating earnings by $38 million.
underwriting and actuarial assumption review. favorable claims experience, primarily in japan resulted in a $15 million increase in operating earnings. in addition, on an annual basis, we review and update our long-term assumptions used in our calculations of certain insurance-related liabilities and dac. this annual update resulted in a net operating earnings increase of $22 million.
expenses and taxes. higher expenses, primarily driven by costs associated with corporate initiatives and projects, reduced operating earnings by $32 million. our 2015 results include one-time tax benefits of $61 million related to a change in tax rates, $12 million for the settlement of an audit and $15 million related to the u.s. taxation of dividends, each related to japan. in addition, in 2015, korea received a tax refund of $6 million related to unclaimed surrender value. our 2014 results include one-time tax benefits of $9 million related to the u.s. taxation of dividends and $4 million resulting from a tax rate change, each related to japan.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013
foreign currency. the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced operating earnings by $52 million for 2014 as compared with 2013 and resulted in significant variances in the financial statement line items. for example, while premiums, fees and other revenues decreased 3% on a reported basis, they increased 3% on a constant currency basis.
business growth. asia's premiums, fees and other revenues increased over 2013 primarily driven by broad based in-force growth across the region, including in our ordinary life business in japan and our group insurance business in australia. positive net flows in korea and japan, combined with growth in our life business in india and bangladesh, resulted in higher average invested assets and generated an increase in net investment income. changes in premiums for these businesses were offset by related changes in policyholder benefits. the combined impact of the items discussed above improved operating earnings by $90 million.
market factors. investment returns were negatively affected by the adverse impact of the sustained low interest rate environment on mortgage loans and an increase in lower yielding japanese government securities, combined with lower returns on our other limited partnership interests and decreased prepayment fee income. these declines in yields were partially offset by the favorable impact of increased sales of foreign currency-denominated fixed annuities resulting in an increase in higher yielding foreign currency-denominated fixed maturity securities in japan. declines in yields, combined with the impact of foreign currency hedges, resulted in a $46 million decrease in operating earnings.
underwriting and other insurance adjustments. our 2013 results include a strengthening of group and permanent disability claim reserves of $57 million, net of reinsurance, in australia. in addition, refinements to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities that were recorded in 2014 and 2013 resulted in a $14 million increase in operating earnings. our 2014 results for korea decreased $5 million as a result of unfavorable claims experience, primarily in our life business, and regulatory changes.
taxes. our 2014 results include a $9 million tax benefit related to u.s. taxation of dividends from japan and a $4 million tax benefit resulting from a tax rate change in japan. our 2013 results include a $17 million tax benefit in japan related to the estimated reversal of temporary differences and a one-time tax benefit of $10 million related to the disposal of our interest in a korean asset management company at the beginning of 2013.
emea business overview. sales have increased slightly as 2015 sales growth in turkey, italy and poland was offset by strong 2014 sales in the gulf.
operating expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends         988                 1,053                 1,039
interest credited to policyholder account balances                  120                   148                   147
capitalization of dac                                              (472    )             (680    )             (714    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                           21                    29                    51
year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014
business growth. operating earnings benefited from growth in the middle east, primarily in the gulf and turkey, as well as growth in the u.k., increasing operating earnings by $30 million.
actuarial assumption review. on an annual basis, we review and update our long-term assumptions used in our calculations of certain insurance-related liabilities and dac. these annual updates, which occurred in both 2015 and 2014, resulted in a net operating earnings decrease of $4 million. in addition, operating earnings increased by $5 million due to a 2014 refinement of dac in the u.k.
taxes and other. the company had a number of one-time items in both 2015 and 2014, including tax benefits, the conversion of certain of our subsidiaries to calendar year reporting, as well as re-branding and legal expenses. the combined impact of these items decreased operating earnings by $3 million. in addition, our 2014 results included a $7 million one-time benefit related to pension reform in poland.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013
business growth. an increase in sales over 2013, primarily in the middle east and central, eastern and southern europe, was partially offset by the impact of regulatory changes in the u.k. net investment income increased, driven by an increase in average invested assets from business growth in egypt, the persian gulf and russia, in addition to a slight increase in yields from the lengthening of the ireland and greece shorter-term portfolios into higher yielding longer duration fixed maturity securities. this was partially offset by the impact of changes in allocated equity. our 2014 results also included certain legal and re-branding expenses, as well as higher corporate overhead expenses, while operating earnings benefited as a result of a review of certain tax liabilities. the combined impact of the items discussed above decreased operating earnings by $16 million.
actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. the combined impact of the 2014 and 2013 annual assumption updates resulted in a net operating earnings increase of $6 million for 2014 as compared to 2013. the amortization, or release, of negative voba associated with the conversion of certain policies generally results in an increase in operating earnings. in 2014, the number of policies converted declined and so, relative to 2013, this reduced operating earnings by $11 million. a refinement in dac in the u.k. resulted in a $5 million decrease to operating earnings and liability refinements in 2013 in greece decreased operating earnings by $4 million.
taxes and other. our 2013 results were negatively impacted as a result of a $30 million tax charge related to the write-off of a u.k. tax loss carryforward and by a $26 million write-down of dac and voba related to pension reform in poland. the company received tax benefits in both years following its decision to permanently reinvest certain foreign earnings outside of the u.s., however, since the 2013 benefit was larger, operating earnings decreased by $18 million. in addition, our 2013 results benefited by $4 million due to a change in the local corporate tax rate in greece. in 2014, we converted to calendar year reporting for certain of our subsidiaries, which resulted in a $17 million increase to operating earnings.
operating expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends          65                  61                  30
interest credited to policyholder account balances                   23                  34                  42
capitalization of dac                                                (1    )              -                   -
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                         (353    )           (697    )           (609    )
other business activities                                   $39                 $80                $102
acquisition costs                                             -                  (5    )            (18    )
corporate initiatives and projects                         (194    )           (183    )           (134    )
incremental tax benefit (expense)                          (239    )            232                 251
year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014
other business activities. operating earnings from other business activities decreased $41 million. this was primarily due to lower operating earnings from start-up operations and from the assumed reinsurance from our former operating joint venture in japan, reflecting lower fund returns, a reduction in in-force due to surrenders and unfavorable foreign currency impacts.
other net investment income. a $122 million decrease in other net investment income was driven by an increase in the amount credited to the segments due to growth in the economic capital managed by corporate & other on their behalf. this decrease was also impacted by the sustained low interest rate environment, which drove lower investment yields on fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans, as well as lower returns on alternative investments. this was partially offset by increased income from higher average invested assets and improved returns on real estate investments.
corporate initiatives and projects. expenses associated with corporate initiatives and projects increased by $11 million, primarily due to increased costs associated with enterprise-wide initiatives taken by the company.
incremental tax benefit (expense). corporate & other benefits from the impact of certain permanent tax differences, including non-taxable investment income and tax credits for investments in low income housing. as a result, our effective tax rate differs from the u.s. statutory rate of 35%. our 2015 results include the aforementioned tax charge of $557 million, which was recorded under accounting guidance for the recognition of tax uncertainties. our 2014 results include an $18 million tax charge related to a portion of the settlement of a licensing matter that was not deductible for income tax purposes. in addition, in 2015, we had higher utilization of tax preferenced investments, a benefit related to the timing of certain tax credits and other tax benefits which increased our operating earnings by $68 million over 2014.
other. our 2015 results include the aforementioned charge of $235 million for interest on uncertain tax positions, as well as a $20 million charge associated with company use real estate. these increases in expenses were partially offset by a $21 million one-time tax refund received for a favorable outcome on prior year tax audits and a decrease in employee-related costs of $28 million from 2014. our results for 2014 include a $117 million accrual to increase the litigation reserve related to asbestos and charges totaling $57 million related to the settlement of a licensing matter with the department of financial services and the district attorney, new york county. this was partially offset by an $18 million increase in operating earnings in 2014 resulting from net adjustments to certain reinsurance assets and liabilities.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013
other business activities. operating earnings from other business activities decreased by $22 million. lower operating earnings from the assumed reinsurance from our former operating joint venture in japan, primarily due to lower returns in 2014, were partially offset by higher operating earnings from start-up operations.
other net investment income. other net investment income decreased by $148 million. this decrease was driven by an increase in the amount credited to the segments on economic capital managed by corporate & other on their behalf, the adverse impact of the sustained low interest rate environment on yields from our fixed maturity securities and lower returns on real estate investments. these decreases were partially offset by improved returns on other limited partnership interests and higher mark-to-market income on residential mortgage loans carried at fair value.
interest expense on debt. interest expense on debt increased by $12 million, mainly due to the issuance of $1.0 billion of senior notes in april 2014 and the recognition of issuance costs related to the early redemption of senior notes in may 2014.
acquisition costs. acquisition costs decreased by $13 million due to lower internal resource costs for associates committed to certain acquisition activities.
corporate initiatives and projects. expenses related to corporate initiatives and projects increased by $49 million, primarily due to higher relocation costs, severance and consulting expenses. these expenses include a $16 million decrease in restructuring charges, the majority of which related to severance.
incremental tax benefit. the tax benefit in 2014 included a tax benefit of $16 million related to the timing of certain tax credits. in addition, we incurred a tax charge of $6 million in 2014 and received a tax benefit of $10 million in 2013 related to the filing of the company's u.s. federal tax returns. our results for 2014 also included an $18 million tax charge related to a portion of the aforementioned settlement of a licensing matter that was not deductible for income tax purposes.
other. our results for 2014 include charges totaling $57 million related to the settlement of a licensing matter with the department of financial services and the district attorney, new york county. in addition, we increased our litigation reserves related to asbestos more in 2014 than in 2013 resulting in a $16 million decline in operating earnings. this was partially offset by a $53 million decline in expenses which included decreases in interest on uncertain tax positions, lower corporate overhead expenses and an adjustment on certain reinsurance assets and liabilities. in addition, declines in employee-related costs and lower software amortization totaling $15 million, improved operating earnings.
an increase in inflation could affect our business in several ways. during inflationary periods, the value of fixed income investments falls which could increase realized and unrealized losses. inflation also increases expenses for labor and other materials, potentially putting pressure on profitability if such costs cannot be passed through in our product prices. inflation could also lead to increased costs for losses and loss adjustment expenses in certain of our businesses, which could require us to adjust our pricing to reflect our expectations for future inflation. prolonged and elevated inflation could adversely affect the financial markets and the economy generally, and dispelling it may require governments to pursue a restrictive fiscal and monetary policy, which could constrain overall economic activity, inhibit revenue growth and reduce the number of attractive investment opportunities.
investments investment risks our primary investment objective is to optimize, net of income tax, risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return while ensuring that assets and liabilities are managed on a cash flow and duration basis. the investments department, led by the chief investment officer, manages investment risks using a risk control framework comprised of policies, procedures and limits, as discussed further below. the investments risk committee, chaired by grm, reviews and monitors investment risk limits and tolerances. we are exposed to the following primary sources of investment risks:
•   credit risk, relating to the uncertainty associated with the continued ability of a given obligor to make timely payments of principal and interest;
•   interest rate risk, relating to the market price and cash flow variability associated with changes in market interest rates. changes in market interest rates will impact the net unrealized gain or loss position of our fixed income investment portfolio and the rates of return we receive on both new funds invested and reinvestment of existing funds;
•   liquidity risk, relating to the diminished ability to sell certain investments, in times of strained market conditions;
•   market valuation risk, relating to the variability in the estimated fair value of investments associated with changes in market factors such as credit spreads. a widening of credit spreads will adversely impact the net unrealized gain (loss) position of the fixed income investment portfolio, will increase losses associated with credit-based non-qualifying derivatives where we assume credit exposure, and, if credit spreads widen significantly or for an extended period of time, will likely result in higher otti. credit spread tightening will reduce net investment income associated with purchases of fixed maturity securities and will favorably impact the net unrealized gain (loss) position of the fixed income investment portfolio;
•   currency risk, relating to the variability in currency exchange rates for foreign denominated investments. this risk relates to potential decreases in estimated fair value and net investment income resulting from changes in currency exchange rates versus the u.s. dollar. in general, the weakening of foreign currencies versus the u.s. dollar will adversely affect the estimated fair value of our foreign denominated investments; and
•   real estate risk, relating to commercial, agricultural and residential real estate, and stemming from factors, which include, but are not limited to, market conditions, including the demand and supply of leasable commercial space, creditworthiness of tenants and partners, capital markets volatility and the inherent interest rate movement.
we manage investment risk through in-house fundamental credit analysis of the underlying obligors, issuers, transaction structures and real estate properties. we also manage credit risk, market valuation risk and liquidity risk through industry and issuer diversification and asset allocation. risk limits to promote diversification by asset sector, avoid concentrations in any single issuer and limit overall aggregate credit exposure as measured by our economic capital framework are approved annually by a committee of directors that oversees our investment portfolio. for real estate assets, we manage credit risk and market valuation risk through geographic, property type and product type diversification and asset allocation. we manage interest rate risk as part of our alm strategies. these strategies include maintaining an investment portfolio with diversified maturities that has a weighted average duration that is approximately equal to the duration of our estimated liability cash flow profile, and utilizing product design, such as the use of market value adjustment features and surrender charges, to manage interest rate risk. we also manage interest rate risk through proactive monitoring and management of certain non-guaranteed elements of our products, such as the resetting of credited interest and dividend rates for policies that permit such adjustments. in addition to hedging with foreign currency derivatives, we manage currency risk by matching much of our foreign currency liabilities in our foreign subsidiaries with their respective foreign currency assets, thereby reducing our risk to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation. we also use certain derivatives in the management of credit, interest rate, and equity market risks.
we use purchased credit default swaps to mitigate credit risk in our investment portfolio. generally, we purchase credit protection by entering into credit default swaps referencing the issuers of specific assets we own. in certain cases, basis risk exists between these credit default swaps and the specific assets we own. for example, we may purchase credit protection on a macro basis to reduce exposure to specific industries or other portfolio concentrations. in such instances, the referenced entities and obligations under the credit default swaps may not be identical to the individual obligors or securities in our investment portfolio. in addition, our purchased credit default swaps may have shorter tenors than the underlying investments they are hedging. however, we dynamically hedge this risk through the rebalancing and rollover of our credit default swaps at their most liquid tenors. we believe that our purchased credit default swaps serve as effective economic hedges of our credit exposure.
we generally enter into market standard purchased and written credit default swap contracts. payout under such contracts is triggered by certain credit events experienced by the referenced entities. for credit default swaps covering north american corporate issuers, credit events typically include bankruptcy and failure to pay on borrowed money. for european corporate issuers, credit events typically also include involuntary restructuring. with respect to credit default contracts on western european sovereign debt, credit events typically include failure to pay debt obligations, repudiation, moratorium, or involuntary restructuring. in each case, payout on a credit default swap is triggered only after the credit derivatives determinations committee of the international swaps and derivatives association deems that a credit event has occurred.
current environment the global economy and markets continue to be affected by stress and volatility, which has adversely affected the financial services sector, in particular, and global capital markets. recently, weakness in the energy and metals and mining sectors and political and/or economic instability of countries and regions outside the eu, including china, ukraine, russia, argentina, brazil, japan, the middle east and puerto rico, as well as europe's perimeter region and cyprus, have contributed to global market volatility. as a global insurance company, we are affected by the monetary policy of central banks around the world. see "- industry trends - financial and economic environment" for information on actions taken by the ecb and bank of japan in recent years to support economic recovery. see also "- industry trends - impact of a sustained low interest rate environment" for information regarding the december 2015 action taken by the fomc to raise the federal funds rate and its january 2016 determination to maintain it. the federal reserve may take further actions to influence interest rates in the future, which may have an impact on the pricing levels of risk-bearing investments and may adversely impact the level of product sales.
european region investments excluding europe's perimeter region and cyprus which are discussed below, our holdings of sovereign debt, corporate debt and perpetual hybrid securities in certain eu member states and other countries in the region that are not members of the eu (collectively, the "european region") were concentrated in the u.k., germany, france, the netherlands, poland, norway and sweden. the sovereign debt of these countries continues to maintain investment grade credit ratings from all major rating agencies. we maintain general account investments in the european region to support our insurance operations and related policyholder liabilities in these countries and certain of our non-european region operations invest in the region for diversification. in the european region, we have proactively mitigated risk in both direct and indirect exposures by investing in a diversified portfolio of high quality investments with a focus on the higher-rated countries. sovereign debt issued by countries outside of europe's perimeter region and cyprus comprised $6.8 billion, or 98%, of our european region sovereign fixed maturity securities, at estimated fair value, at december 31, 2015. the european region corporate securities (fixed maturity and perpetual hybrid securities classified as non-redeemable preferred stock) are invested in a diversified portfolio of primarily non-financial services securities, which comprised $20.8 billion, or 70%, of european region total corporate securities, at estimated fair value, at december 31, 2015. of these european region sovereign fixed maturity and corporate securities, 92% were investment grade and, for the 8% that were below investment grade, the majority were non-financial services corporate securities at december 31, 2015. european region financial services corporate securities, at estimated fair value, were $9.0 billion (including $6.4 billion within the banking sector) with 95% invested in investment grade rated corporate securities, at december 31, 2015.
selected country and sector investments in recent years, elevated levels of market volatility have affected the performance of various asset classes. contributing factors include concerns about global economic conditions and capital markets; lower oil prices impacting the energy sector; lower commodity prices impacting the metals and mining sector; country specific volatility due to local economic and/or political concerns, including concerns over the solvency of the eu member states included in europe's perimeter region and cyprus, their banking systems and the financial institutions that have significant direct or indirect exposure to debt issued by these countries or their respective banking systems. while economic conditions in certain of these countries, including europe's perimeter region, seem to be stabilizing or improving, greater ecb and international monetary fund support, stronger liquidity facilities and gradually improving macroeconomic conditions at the country level have reduced the risk of default on sovereign debt and/or the risk of possible withdrawal of such countries from the euro zone. see "- industry trends - financial and economic environment."
the following table presents, by country, a summary of fixed maturity securities in selected countries. we maintain general account investments in the selected countries to support our insurance operations and related policyholder liabilities in these countries or we have exposure through our global portfolio diversification. the company has written credit default swaps where the underlying is an index comprised of companies across various sectors in the european region. at december 31, 2015, the written credit default swaps exposure to europe's perimeter region and cyprus was $209 million in notional amount and $2 million in estimated fair value. the information below is presented on a country of risk basis (e.g. the country where the issuer primarily conducts business).
selected country fixed maturity securities at december 31, 2015
italy                                      52                         177                         431                         660
(1)   the par value and amortized cost of the fixed maturity securities were $3.4 billion and $3.5 billion, respectively, at december 31, 2015.
(2)   our exposure to puerto rico sovereigns is in the form of political subdivision fixed maturities and is composed completely of revenue bonds. we have no puerto rico general obligation bonds.
there has been an increased focus on energy sector investments and metals and mining sector investments as a result of lower energy, oil and commodity prices. our net exposure to energy sector fixed maturity securities was $12.0 billion (comprised of fixed maturity securities of $11.9 billion at estimated fair value and related net written credit default swaps of $60 million at notional value), of which 86% were investment grade, with unrealized losses of $222 million at december 31, 2015. our net exposure to metals and mining sector fixed maturity securities was $2.1 billion (comprised of fixed maturity securities of $2.1 billion at estimated fair value and related net written credit default swaps of $13 million at notional value), of which 82% were investment grade, with unrealized losses of $206 million at december 31, 2015.
we manage direct and indirect investment exposure in the selected countries, the energy sector and the metals and mining sector through fundamental credit analysis and we continually monitor and adjust our level of investment exposure. we do not expect that our general account investments in these countries, the energy sector or the metals and mining sector will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
current environment summary all of these factors have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on the financial results of companies in the financial services industry, including metlife. such global economic conditions, as well as the global financial markets, continue to impact our net investment income, net investment gains (losses), net derivative gains (losses), level of unrealized gains (losses) within the various asset classes in our investment portfolio, and our level of investment in lower yielding cash equivalents, short-term investments and government securities. see "- industry trends" and "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets-related risks - we are exposed to significant global financial and capital markets risks which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and may cause our net investment income to vary from period to period."
investment portfolio results the following yield table presents the yield and investment income (loss) for our investment portfolio for the periods indicated. as described in the footnotes below, this table reflects certain differences from the presentation of net investment income presented in the gaap consolidated statements of operations. this yield table presentation is consistent with how we measure our investment performance for management purposes, and we believe it enhances understanding of our investment portfolio results.
fixed maturity securities (2) (3)                           4.63           %       $14,201                4.81           %       $14,946                4.84           %       $15,098
equity securities                                           4.71           %           144                4.30           %           133                4.44           %           127
other limited partnerships                                  8.45           %           669               13.01           %         1,033               13.35           %           955
(1)   yields are calculated as investment income as a percent of average quarterly asset carrying values. investment income excludes recognized gains and losses and reflects gaap adjustments presented in footnote (5) below. asset carrying values exclude unrealized gains (losses), collateral received in connection with our securities lending program, freestanding derivative assets, collateral received from derivative counterparties, the effects of consolidating certain variable interest entities ("vies") under gaap that are treated as consolidated securitization entities ("cses") and contractholder-directed unit-linked investments. a yield is not presented for other invested assets as it is not considered a meaningful measure of performance for this asset class.
(2)   investment income (loss) includes amounts for fvo and trading securities of $21 million, $103 million and $65 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(3)   investment income from fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans includes prepayment fees.
(5)   net investment income presented in the yield table varies from the most directly comparable gaap measure due to certain reclassifications and adjustments and excludes the effects of consolidating certain vies under gaap that are treated as cses and contractholder-directed unit-linked investments. such reclassifications and adjustments are presented in the table below.
contractholder-directed unit-linked investments                            264                 1,266                 2,172
see "- results of operations - consolidated results - year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014" and "- results of operations - consolidated results -year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013," for an analysis of the year over year changes in net investment income.
fixed maturity and equity securities afs the following table presents fixed maturity and equity securities afs by type (public or private) and information about perpetual and redeemable securities held at:
fixed maturity securities publicly-traded                                                                                          $302,400                       86.1   %          $315,167                       86.2   %
total fixed maturity securities                                                                          $351,402                      100.0   %          $365,425                      100.0   %
equity securities publicly-traded                                                                                            $2,184                       65.8   %            $2,569                       70.8   %
total equity securities                                                                                    $3,321                      100.0   %            $3,631                      100.0   %
perpetual securities included within fixed maturity and equity securities afs                                $819                                           $1,009
redeemable preferred stock with a stated maturity included within fixed maturity securities afs            $1,216                                           $1,265
perpetual securities are included within fixed maturity and equity securities. upon acquisition, we classify perpetual securities that have attributes of both debt and equity as fixed maturity securities if the securities have an interest rate step-up feature which, when combined with other qualitative factors, indicates that the securities have more debt-like characteristics; while those with more equity-like characteristics are classified as equity securities. many of such securities, commonly referred to as "perpetual hybrid securities," have been issued by non-u.s. financial institutions that are accorded the highest two capital treatment categories by their respective regulatory bodies (i.e. core capital, or "tier 1 capital" and perpetual deferrable securities, or "upper tier 2 capital").
redeemable preferred stock with a stated maturity is included within fixed maturity securities. these securities, which are commonly referred to as "capital securities," primarily have cumulative interest deferral features and are primarily issued by u.s. financial institutions.
in connection with our investment management business, we manage privately-placed and infrastructure fixed maturity securities on behalf of institutional clients, which are unaffiliated investors. these privately-placed and infrastructure fixed maturity securities had an estimated fair value of $6.1 billion and $4.1 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. these assets are not included in our consolidated financial statements.
also in connection with our investment management business, we manage index investment portfolios that track the return of standard industry fixed income and equity market indices such as the barclay's u.s. aggregate bond index and s&p 500® index. these assets had an estimated fair value of $26.0 billion and $27.7 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and are included within separate account assets in our consolidated financial statements.
valuation of securities. we are responsible for the determination of the estimated fair value of our investments. we determine the estimated fair value of publicly-traded securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: quoted market prices in active markets, independent pricing services, or independent broker quotations. we determine the estimated fair value of privately-placed securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: market standard internal matrix pricing, market standard internal discounted cash flow techniques, or independent pricing services (after we determine the independent pricing services' use of available observable market data). for publicly-traded securities, the number of quotations obtained varies by instrument and depends on the liquidity of the particular instrument. generally, we obtain prices from multiple pricing services to cover all asset classes and obtain multiple prices for certain securities, but ultimately utilize the price with the highest placement in the fair value hierarchy. independent pricing services that value these instruments use market standard valuation methodologies based on data about market transactions and inputs from multiple pricing sources that are market observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the types of market standard valuation methodologies utilized and key assumptions and observable inputs used in applying these standard valuation methodologies. when a price is not available in the active market or through an independent pricing service, management values the security primarily using market standard internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques, and non-binding quotations from independent brokers who are knowledgeable about these securities. independent non-binding broker quotations utilize inputs that may be difficult to corroborate with observable market data. as shown in the following section, less than 1% of our fixed maturity securities were valued using non-binding quotations from independent brokers at december 31, 2015.
we have reviewed the significance and observability of inputs used in the valuation methodologies to determine the appropriate fair value hierarchy level for each of our securities. based on the results of this review and investment class analysis, each instrument is categorized as level 1, 2 or 3 based on the lowest level significant input to its valuation. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the valuation techniques and inputs by level within the three level fair value hierarchy by major classes of invested assets.
fair value of fixed maturity and equity securities - afs fixed maturity and equity securities afs measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis and their corresponding fair value pricing sources are as follows:
fixed maturitysecurities                        equitysecurities
see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the fixed maturity securities and equity securities afs fair value hierarchy.
the composition of fair value pricing sources for and significant changes in level 3 securities at december 31, 2015 are as follows:
•   the majority of the level 3 fixed maturity and equity securities afs were concentrated in four sectors: u.s. and foreign corporate securities, residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs"), and asset-backed securities ("abs").
•   level 3 fixed maturity securities are priced principally through market standard valuation methodologies, independent pricing services and, to a much lesser extent, independent non-binding broker quotations using inputs that are not market observable or cannot be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. level 3 fixed maturity securities consist of less liquid securities with very limited trading activity or where less price transparency exists around the inputs to the valuation methodologies. level 3 fixed maturity securities include: sub-prime rmbs; certain below investment grade private securities and less liquid investment grade corporate securities (included in u.s. and foreign corporate securities); less liquid abs and foreign government securities.
•   during the year ended december 31, 2015, level 3 fixed maturity securities decreased by $1.3 billion, or 6%. the decrease was driven by net transfers out of level 3, partially offset by purchases in excess of sales and a decrease in estimated fair value recognized in oci.
see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a rollforward of the fair value measurements for fixed maturity securities and equity securities afs measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable (level 3) inputs; transfers into and/or out of level 3; and further information about the valuation techniques and inputs by level by major classes of invested assets that affect the amounts reported above.
fixed maturity securities afs see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about fixed maturity securities afs by sector, contractual maturities and continuous gross unrealized losses.
fixed maturity securities credit quality - ratings the securities valuation office of the naic evaluates the fixed maturity security investments of insurers for regulatory reporting and capital assessment purposes and assigns securities to one of six credit quality categories called "naic designations." if no designation is available from the naic, then, as permitted by the naic, an internally developed designation is used. the naic designations are generally similar to the credit quality ratings of the nrsro for fixed maturity securities, except for certain structured securities as described below. rating agency ratings are based on availability of applicable ratings from rating agencies on the naic credit rating provider list, including moody's, s&p, fitch, dominion bond rating service, a.m. best, kroll bond rating agency, egan jones ratings company and morningstar, inc. ("morningstar"). if no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used.
the naic has adopted revised methodologies for certain structured securities comprised of non-agency rmbs, commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs") and abs. the naic's objective with the revised methodologies for these structured securities was to increase the accuracy in assessing expected losses, and to use the improved assessment to determine a more appropriate capital requirement for such structured securities. the revised methodologies reduce regulatory reliance on rating agencies and allow for greater regulatory input into the assumptions used to estimate expected losses from structured securities. we apply the revised naic methodologies to structured securities held by metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries that maintain the naic statutory basis of accounting. the naic's present methodology is to evaluate structured securities held by insurers using the revised naic methodologies on an annual basis. if metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries acquire structured securities that have not been previously evaluated by the naic, but are expected to be evaluated by the naic in the upcoming annual review, an internally developed designation is used until a final designation becomes available.
the following table presents total fixed maturity securities by nrsro rating and the equivalent designations of the naic, except for certain structured securities, which are presented using the revised naic methodologies as described above, as well as the percentage, based on estimated fair value that each designation is comprised of at:
total fixed maturity securities         $332,964                       $18,438                       $351,402                      100.0   %         $334,780                        $30,645                       $365,425                     100.0   %
the following tables present total fixed maturity securities, based on estimated fair value, by sector classification and by nrsro rating and the equivalent designations of the naic, except for certain structured securities, which are presented using the naic methodologies as described above:
fixed maturity securities - by sector &amp; credit quality rating naic designation:                                1                     2                     3                     4                         5                               6              totalestimatedfair value nrsro rating:                             aaa/aa/a                   baa                    ba                     b             caa and lower        in or near default
state and political subdivision        14,818                   599                    10                     -                      14               -                                            15,441
total fixed maturity securities      $250,803               $79,523               $15,142                $4,839                  $1,041               $54                                        $351,402
state and political subdivision        14,656                   501                    30                     -                       -               -                                            15,187
total fixed maturity securities      $257,083               $83,408               $15,145                $8,385                  $1,340               $64                                        $365,425
u.s. and foreign corporate fixed maturity securities we maintain a diversified portfolio of corporate fixed maturity securities across industries and issuers. this portfolio does not have any exposure to any single issuer in excess of 1% of total investments and the top ten holdings comprise 2% of total investments at both december 31, 2015 and 2014. the tables below present our u.s. and foreign corporate securities holdings at:
corporate fixed maturity securities - by sector:
u.s. corporate fixed maturity securities - by industry:
utility                                                            18,591                 11.8                      20,029                  12.0
(1)   includes both u.s. dollar and foreign denominated securities.
structured securities we held $65.8 billion and $68.4 billion of structured securities, at estimated fair value, at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, as presented in the rmbs, abs and cmbs sections below.
by security type:
pass-through securities                        18,193                 46.9                                305                           19,577                 49.1                                699
collateralized mortgage obligations are structured by dividing the cash flows of mortgages into separate pools or tranches of risk that create multiple classes of bonds with varying maturities and priority of payments. pass-through mortgage-backed securities are secured by a mortgage or collection of mortgages. the monthly mortgage payments from homeowners pass from the originating bank through an intermediary, such as a government agency or investment bank, which collects the payments and, for a fee, remits or passes these payments through to the holders of the pass-through securities.
the majority of our rmbs holdings were rated aaa/aaa by moody's, s&p or fitch; and were designated naic 1 by the naic at december 31, 2015 and 2014. agency rmbs were guaranteed or otherwise supported by federal national mortgage association, federal home loan mortgage corporation or government national mortgage association. non-agency rmbs include prime, alternative residential mortgage loans ("alt-a") and sub-prime rmbs. prime residential mortgage lending includes the origination of residential mortgage loans to the most creditworthy borrowers with high quality credit profiles. alt-a is a classification of mortgage loans where the risk profile of the borrower falls between prime and sub-prime. sub-prime mortgage lending is the origination of residential mortgage loans to borrowers with weak credit profiles.
included within prime and alt-a rmbs are re-securitization of real estate mortgage investment conduit ("re-remic") securities. re-remic rmbs involve the pooling of previous issues of prime and alt-a rmbs and restructuring the combined pools to create new senior and subordinated securities. the credit enhancement on the senior tranches is improved through the re-securitization.
historically, we have managed our exposure to sub-prime rmbs holdings by: acquiring older vintage year securities that benefit from better underwriting, improved credit enhancement and higher levels of residential property price appreciation; reducing our overall exposure; stress testing the portfolio with severe loss assumptions; and closely monitoring the performance of the portfolio. since 2012, we have increased our exposure by purchasing sub-prime rmbs at significant discounts to the expected principal recovery value of these securities. the estimated fair value of our sub-prime rmbs holdings purchased since 2012 was $4.0 billion and $3.9 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, with unrealized gains (losses) of $74 million and $130 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
credit card loans                        831                  5.8                                27                            1,195                  8.4                                44
the tables above reflect rating agency ratings assigned by nrsros, including moody's, s&p, fitch and morningstar. cmbs designated naic 1 were 99.5% and 98.5% of total cmbs at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
evaluation of afs securities for otti and evaluating temporarily impaired afs securities see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about the evaluation of fixed maturity securities and equity securities afs for otti and evaluation of temporarily impaired afs securities.
otti losses on fixed maturity and equity securities afs recognized in earnings see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about otti losses and gross gains and gross losses on afs securities sold.
overview of fixed maturity and equity security otti losses recognized in earnings impairments of fixed maturity and equity securities were $130 million, $96 million and $192 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. impairments of fixed maturity securities were $90 million, $60 million and $166 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. impairments of equity securities were $40 million, $36 million and $26 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
credit-related impairments of fixed maturity securities were $90 million, $60 million and $147 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
explanations of changes in fixed maturity and equity securities impairments are as follows:
year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014
overall otti losses recognized in earnings on fixed maturity and equity securities were $130 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to $96 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the most significant increases were in u.s. and foreign corporate securities, which comprised $54 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, as compared to $9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. an increase of $45 million in otti losses on u.s. and foreign corporate securities reflected the impact of weakening foreign currencies on non-functional currency denominated fixed maturity securities and lower oil prices impacting the energy sector. the $45 million increase in otti losses on u.s. and foreign corporate securities was concentrated in the utility and consumer services industries.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013
overall otti losses recognized in earnings on fixed maturity and equity securities were $96 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to $192 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the most significant decreases were in u.s. and foreign corporate securities and rmbs, which comprised $40 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, as compared to $154 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. a decrease of $65 million in otti losses on u.s. and foreign corporate securities and a $49 million decrease in otti losses on rmbs reflected improving economic fundamentals. the $65 million decrease in otti losses on u.s. and foreign corporate securities was concentrated in the utility and financial services industries.
future impairments future otti will depend primarily on economic fundamentals, issuer performance (including changes in the present value of future cash flows expected to be collected), and changes in credit ratings, collateral valuation, interest rates and credit spreads. if economic fundamentals deteriorate or if there are adverse changes in the above factors, otti may be incurred in upcoming periods.
fvo and trading securities fvo and trading securities are primarily comprised of securities for which the fvo has been elected ("fvo securities"). fvo securities include certain fixed maturity and equity securities held-for-investment by the general account to support alm strategies for certain insurance products and investments in certain separate accounts; securities held by cses; and trading securities, as further described in note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. fvo and trading securities were $15.0 billion and $16.7 billion at estimated fair value, or 3.0% and 3.2% of total cash and invested assets, at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the fvo and trading securities fair value hierarchy and a rollforward of the fair value measurements for fvo and trading securities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable (level 3) inputs.
securities lending we participate in a securities lending program whereby securities are loaned to third parties, primarily brokerage firms and commercial banks. we obtain collateral, usually cash, in an amount generally equal to 102% of the estimated fair value of the securities loaned, which is obtained at the inception of a loan and maintained at a level greater than or equal to 100% for the duration of the loan. we monitor the estimated fair value of the securities loaned on a daily basis with additional collateral obtained as necessary throughout the duration of the loan. securities loaned under such transactions may be sold or re-pledged by the transferee. we are liable to return to our counterparties the cash collateral under our control. security collateral on deposit from counterparties may not be sold or re-pledged, unless the counterparty is in default, and is not reflected in the consolidated financial statements. these transactions are treated as financing arrangements and the associated cash collateral liability is recorded at the amount of the cash received.
see "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity and capital uses - securities lending" and note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding our securities lending program.
we diversify our mortgage loan portfolio by both geographic region and property type to reduce the risk of concentration. of our commercial and agricultural mortgage loan portfolios, 85% are collateralized by properties located in the u.s., with the remaining 15% collateralized by properties located outside the u.s., at december 31, 2015. the carrying value of our commercial and agricultural mortgage loans located in california, new york and texas were 19%, 12% and 8%, respectively, of total mortgage loans at december 31, 2015. additionally, we manage risk when originating commercial and agricultural mortgage loans by generally lending up to 75% of the estimated fair value of the underlying real estate collateral.
we manage our residential mortgage loan portfolio in a similar manner to reduce risk of concentration, with 91% collateralized by properties located in the u.s., and the remaining 9% collateralized by properties located outside the u.s., at december 31, 2015. the carrying value of our residential mortgage loans located in california, florida, and new york were 35%, 7%, and 6%, respectively.
in connection with our investment management business, we manage commercial mortgage loans on behalf of institutional clients, which are unaffiliated investors. these commercial mortgage loans had an estimated fair value of $2.0 billion and $1.2 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. these assets are not included in our consolidated financial statements.
mortgage loan credit quality - monitoring process. we monitor our mortgage loan investments on an ongoing basis, including a review of loans that are current, past due, restructured and under foreclosure. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for tables that present mortgage loans by credit quality indicator, past due and nonaccrual mortgage loans, as well as impaired mortgage loans. see "- real estate and real estate joint ventures" for real estate acquired through foreclosure.
we review our commercial mortgage loans on an ongoing basis. these reviews may include an analysis of the property financial statements and rent roll, lease rollover analysis, property inspections, market analysis, estimated valuations of the underlying collateral, loan-to-value ratios, debt service coverage ratios, and tenant creditworthiness. the monitoring process focuses on higher risk loans, which include those that are classified as restructured, delinquent or in foreclosure, as well as loans with higher loan-to-value ratios and lower debt service coverage ratios. the monitoring process for agricultural mortgage loans is generally similar, with a focus on higher risk loans, such as loans with higher loan-to-value ratios, including reviews on a geographic and sector basis. we review our residential mortgage loans on an ongoing basis. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on our evaluation of residential mortgage loans and related valuation allowance methodology.
loan-to-value ratios and debt service coverage ratios are common measures in the assessment of the quality of commercial mortgage loans. loan-to-value ratios are a common measure in the assessment of the quality of agricultural mortgage loans. loan-to-value ratios compare the amount of the loan to the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. a loan-to-value ratio greater than 100% indicates that the loan amount is greater than the collateral value. a loan-to-value ratio of less than 100% indicates an excess of collateral value over the loan amount. generally, the higher the loan-to-value ratio, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. the debt service coverage ratio compares a property's net operating income to amounts needed to service the principal and interest due under the loan. generally, the lower the debt service coverage ratio, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. for our commercial mortgage loans, our average loan-to-value ratio was 52% at both december 31, 2015 and 2014, and our average debt service coverage ratio was 2.6x at both december 31, 2015 and 2014. the debt service coverage ratio, as well as the values utilized in calculating the ratio, is updated annually on a rolling basis, with a portion of the portfolio updated each quarter. in addition, the loan-to-value ratio is routinely updated for all but the lowest risk loans as part of our ongoing review of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio. for our agricultural mortgage loans, our average loan-to-value ratio was 43% and 44% at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the values utilized in calculating the agricultural mortgage loan loan-to-value ratio are developed in connection with the ongoing review of the agricultural loan portfolio and are routinely updated.
mortgage loan valuation allowances. our valuation allowances are established both on a loan specific basis for those loans considered impaired where a property specific or market specific risk has been identified that could likely result in a future loss, as well as for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics where a property specific or market specific risk has not been identified, but for which we expect to incur a loss. accordingly, a valuation allowance is provided to absorb these estimated probable credit losses.
the determination of the amount of valuation allowances is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with our loan portfolios. such evaluations and assessments are based upon several factors, including our experience for loan losses, defaults and loss severity, and loss expectations for loans with similar risk characteristics. these evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available, which can cause the valuation allowances to increase or decrease over time as such evaluations are revised. negative credit migration, including an actual or expected increase in the level of problem loans, will result in an increase in the valuation allowance. positive credit migration, including an actual or expected decrease in the level of problem loans, will result in a decrease in the valuation allowance.
see notes 1, 8 and 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about how valuation allowances are established and monitored, activity in and balances of the valuation allowance, and the estimated fair value of impaired mortgage loans and related impairments included within net investment gains (losses) as of and for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
real estate and real estate joint ventures we diversify our real estate investments by both geographic region and property type to reduce risk of concentration. of our real estate investments, 77% were located in the united states, with the remaining 23% located outside the united states, at december 31, 2015. the carrying value of our real estate investments located in japan, california and dc were 19%, 17% and 8%, respectively, of total real estate investments at december 31, 2015.
traditional                                                  $7,859               93.2      %            $9,386               89.2      %
we classify within traditional real estate our investment in income-producing real estate, which is comprised of wholly-owned real estate and joint ventures with interests in single property income-producing real estate. the estimated fair value of the traditional and held-for-sale real estate investment portfolios was $12.4 billion and $13.3 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we classify within real estate joint ventures and funds, our investments in joint ventures with interests in multi-property projects with varying strategies ranging from the development of properties to the operation of income-producing properties, as well as our investments in real estate private equity funds. from time to time, if we intend to retain an interest in the property, we transfer investments from these joint ventures to traditional real estate after the completed property commences operations.
in connection with our investment management business, we manage real estate investments on behalf of institutional clients, which are unaffiliated investors. these real estate investments had an estimated fair value of $3.8 billion and $2.8 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. these assets are not included in our consolidated financial statements.
the company's authorized equity investment in real estate property was $1.0 billion and $1.7 billion for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
other limited partnership interests other limited partnership interests are comprised of private equity funds and hedge funds. the carrying value of other limited partnership interests was $7.1 billion and $8.1 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which included $1.9 billion and $2.4 billion of hedge funds, at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values       $14,406               64.0      %           $13,452               63.2      %
tax credit and renewable energy partnerships                         3,145               13.9                    2,752               12.9
funds withheld                                                         771                3.4                      763                3.6
see notes 8 and 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding tax credit partnerships, leveraged and direct financing leases and freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values, respectively. see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information about tax credit and renewable energy partnerships, funds withheld and operating joint ventures.
our private placement unit originated $9.7 billion and $8.3 billion of private investments, comprised primarily of certain privately placed fixed maturity securities and tax credit and renewable energy partnerships, during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the carrying value of such private investments included within our consolidated balance sheets was $49.8 billion at both december 31, 2015 and 2014. in addition, we originated $0 and $94 million of private lease investments during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the carrying value of such private lease investments included within our consolidated balance sheets was $2.0 billion and $2.1 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
derivatives derivative risks we are exposed to various risks relating to our ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit and equity market. we use a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for:
see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - management of market risk exposures - hedging activities" for more information about our use of derivatives by major hedge program.
the valuation of level 3 derivatives involves the use of significant unobservable inputs and generally requires a higher degree of management judgment or estimation than the valuations of level 1 and level 2 derivatives. although level 3 inputs are unobservable, management believes they are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing such instruments and are considered appropriate given the circumstances. the use of different inputs or methodologies could have a material effect on the estimated fair value of level 3 derivatives and could materially affect net income.
derivatives categorized as level 3 at december 31, 2015 include: interest rate forwards with maturities which extend beyond the observable portion of the yield curve; foreign currency swaps and forwards with certain unobservable inputs, including the unobservable portion of the yield curve; credit default swaps priced using unobservable credit spreads, or that are priced through independent broker quotations; equity variance swaps with unobservable volatility inputs; and equity index options with unobservable correlation inputs. at december 31, 2015, less than 1% of the estimated fair value of our derivatives was priced through independent broker quotations.
the gain (loss) on level 3 derivatives primarily relates to certain purchased equity index options that are valued using models dependent on an unobservable market correlation input, equity variance swaps that are valued using observable equity volatility data plus an unobservable equity variance spread and foreign currency swaps and forwards that are valued using an unobservable portion of the swap yield curve. other significant inputs, which are observable, include equity index levels, equity volatility and the swap yield curve. we validate the reasonableness of these inputs by valuing the positions using internal models and comparing the results to broker quotations.
primary drivers of observable gain (loss)                       strengthening of u.s. dollar versus foreign currencies on receive foreign, pay-u.s. dollar forwards and swaps; increases in equity index levels; and increases in short-term interest rates.
see "- summary of critical accounting estimates - derivatives" for further information on the estimates and assumptions that affect derivatives.
credit risk see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about how we manage credit risk related to derivatives and for the estimated fair value of our net derivative assets and net derivative liabilities after the application of master netting agreements and collateral.
our policy is not to offset the fair value amounts recognized for derivatives executed with the same counterparty under the same master netting agreement. this policy applies to the recognition of derivatives in the consolidated balance sheets, and does not affect our legal right of offset.
credit derivatives the following table presents the gross notional amount and estimated fair value of credit default swaps at:
credit default swaps           grossnotionalamount      estimated fair value               grossnotionalamount       estimated fair value
written (2)                        10,311            65                                        10,527            175
(1)   the gross notional amount and estimated fair value for purchased credit default swaps in the trading portfolio were $175 million and ($2) million, respectively, at december 31, 2015 and $250 million and ($6) million, respectively, at december 31, 2014.
(2)   the gross notional amount and estimated fair value for written credit default swaps in the trading portfolio were $20 million and ($2) million, respectively, at december 31, 2015 and $15 million and $1 million, respectively, at december 31, 2014.
the following table presents the gross gains, gross losses and net gain (losses) recognized in income for credit default swaps as follows:
credit default swaps          grossgains (1)       grosslosses (1)             netgains(losses)                grossgains (1)       grosslosses (1)             netgains(losses)
written (3), (4)                   29              (112            )           (83             )       65                           (44             )       21
(2)   the gross gains and gross (losses) for purchased credit default swaps in the trading portfolio were $8 million and ($11) million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2015 and $5 million and ($5) million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2014.
(3)   the gross gains and gross (losses) for written credit default swaps in the trading portfolio were $3 million and ($3) million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2015 and were not significant for the year ended december 31, 2014.
(4)   gains (losses) do not include earned income (expense) on credit default swaps.
the favorable change in net gains (losses) on purchased credit default swaps of $16 million was due to certain credit spreads widening in the current period compared to the prior period on credit default swaps hedging certain bonds. the unfavorable change in net gains (losses) on written credit default swaps of ($104) million was due to certain credit spreads widening in the current period compared to the prior on certain credit default swaps used as replications.
the maximum amount at risk related to our written credit default swaps is equal to the corresponding gross notional amount. in a replication transaction, we pair an asset on our balance sheet with a written credit default swap to synthetically replicate a corporate bond, a core asset holding of life insurance companies. replications are entered into in accordance with the guidelines approved by insurance regulators and are an important tool in managing the overall corporate credit risk within the company. in order to match our long-dated insurance liabilities, we will seek to buy long-dated corporate bonds. in some instances, these may not be readily available in the market, or they may be issued by corporations to which we already have significant corporate credit exposure. for example, by purchasing treasury bonds (or other high-quality assets) and associating them with written credit default swaps on the desired corporate credit name, we, at times, can replicate the desired bond exposures and meet our alm needs. in addition, given the shorter tenor of the credit default swaps (generally five-year tenors) versus a long-dated corporate bond, we have more flexibility in managing our credit exposures.
see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about the nonperformance risk adjustment included in the valuation of guaranteed minimum benefits accounted for as embedded derivatives.
see "- summary of critical accounting estimates - derivatives" for further information on the estimates and assumptions that affect embedded derivatives.
off-balance sheet arrangements credit and committed facilities we maintain an unsecured credit facility, as well as committed facilities with various financial institutions. see "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity and capital sources - global funding sources - credit and committed facilities" for further descriptions of such arrangements. for the classification of expenses on such credit and committed facilities and the nature of the associated liability for letters of credit issued and drawdowns on these credit and committed facilities, see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
collateral for securities lending, repurchase programs and derivatives we participate in a securities lending program in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio. periodically we receive non-cash collateral for securities lending from counterparties on deposit from customers, which cannot be sold or re-pledged, and which has not been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. the amount of this collateral was $50 million and $83 million at estimated fair value at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, as well as "- investments - securities lending" for discussion of our securities lending program, the classification of revenues and expenses, and the nature of the secured financing arrangement and associated liability.
we also participate in third-party custodian administered repurchase programs for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio. we loan certain of our fixed maturity securities to financial institutions and, in exchange, non-cash collateral is put on deposit by the financial institutions on our behalf with third-party custodians. the estimated fair value of securities loaned in connection with these transactions was $738 million and $642 million at december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. non-cash collateral on deposit with third-party custodians on our behalf was $781 million and $682 million at december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively, which cannot be sold or re-pledged, and which has not been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets.
we enter into derivatives to manage various risks relating to our ongoing business operations. we have non-cash collateral from counterparties for derivatives, which can be sold or re-pledged subject to certain constraints, and which has not been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. the amount of this non-cash collateral was $2.2 billion and $4.2 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. in certain instances, cash collateral pledged to the company as initial margin for otc-bilateral derivatives is held in separate custodial accounts and is not recorded on the company's balance sheet because the account title is in the name of the counterparty (but segregated for the benefit of the company). the amount of this cash collateral was $0 million and $263 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. see "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity and capital uses - pledged collateral" and "derivatives" in note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the earned income on and the gross notional amount, estimated fair value of assets and liabilities and primary underlying risk exposure of our derivatives.
lease commitments as lessee, we have entered into various lease and sublease agreements for office space, information technology and other equipment. our commitments under such lease agreements are included within the contractual obligations table. see "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - contractual obligations" and note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other additionally, we enter into commitments in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio: mortgage loan commitments and commitments to fund partnerships, bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments. see "net investment income" and "net investment gains (losses)" in note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the investment income, investment expense, gains and losses from such investments. see also "- investments - fixed maturity and equity securities afs" and "- investments - mortgage loans" for information on our investments in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. see "- investments - real estate and real estate joint ventures" and "- investments - other limited partnership interests" for information on our partnership investments.
other than the commitments disclosed in note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, there are no other material obligations or liabilities arising from the commitments to fund mortgage loans, partnerships, bank credit facilities, bridge loans, and private corporate bond investments. for further information on commitments to fund partnership investments, mortgage loans, bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments. see "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - contractual obligations."
policyholder liabilities we establish, and carry as liabilities, actuarially determined amounts that are calculated to meet policy obligations or to provide for future annuity payments. amounts for actuarial liabilities are computed and reported in the consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap. for more details on policyholder liabilities, see "- summary of critical accounting estimates."
due to the nature of the underlying risks and the uncertainty associated with the determination of actuarial liabilities, we cannot precisely determine the amounts that will ultimately be paid with respect to these actuarial liabilities, and the ultimate amounts may vary from the estimated amounts, particularly when payments may not occur until well into the future.
we periodically review our estimates of actuarial liabilities for future benefits and compare them with our actual experience. we revise estimates, to the extent permitted or required under gaap, if we determine that future expected experience differs from assumptions used in the development of actuarial liabilities. we charge or credit changes in our liabilities to expenses in the period the liabilities are established or re-estimated. if the liabilities originally established for future benefit payments prove inadequate, we must increase them. such an increase could adversely affect our earnings and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we have experienced, and will likely in the future experience, catastrophe losses and possibly acts of terrorism, as well as turbulent financial markets that may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. due to their nature, we cannot predict the incidence, timing, severity or amount of losses from catastrophes and acts of terrorism, but we make broad use of catastrophic and non-catastrophic reinsurance to manage risk from these perils.
insurance regulators in many of the non-u.s. countries in which we operate require certain metlife entities to prepare a sufficiency analysis of the reserves presented in the locally required regulatory financial statements, and to submit that analysis to the regulatory authorities.
future policy benefits we establish liabilities for amounts payable under insurance policies. see notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, "- industry trends - impact of a sustained low interest rate environment - low interest rate scenario" and "- variable annuity guarantees." a discussion of future policy benefits by segment (as well as corporate & other) follows.
retail future policy benefits for the life business are comprised mainly of liabilities for traditional life and for universal and variable life insurance contracts. in order to manage risk, we have often reinsured a portion of the mortality risk on life insurance policies. the reinsurance programs are routinely evaluated and this may result in increases or decreases to existing coverage. we have entered into various derivative positions, primarily interest rate swaps and swaptions, to mitigate the risk that investment of premiums received and reinvestment of maturing assets over the life of the policy will be at rates below those assumed in the original pricing of these contracts. for our property & casualty business, future policy benefits include unearned premium reserves and liabilities for unpaid claims and claim expenses and represent the amount estimated for claims that have been reported but not settled and claims incurred but not reported. for the annuities business, future policy benefits are comprised mainly of liabilities for life-contingent income annuities, and liabilities for the variable annuity guaranteed minimum benefits accounted for as insurance.
group, voluntary & worksite benefits with the exception of our property & casualty business, future policy benefits for our group and voluntary & worksite businesses are comprised mainly of liabilities for disabled lives under disability waiver of premium policy provisions, liabilities for survivor income benefit insurance, long-term care policies, active life policies and premium stabilization and other contingency liabilities held under life insurance contracts. the components of future policy benefits for the property & casualty products offered by the voluntary & worksite and retail property & casualty businesses are the same. liabilities for unpaid claims are estimated based upon assumptions such as rates of claim frequencies, levels of severities, inflation, judicial trends, legislative changes or regulatory decisions. assumptions are based upon our historical experience and analyses of historical development patterns of the relationship of loss adjustment expenses to losses for each line of business, and we consider the effects of current developments, anticipated trends and risk management programs, reduced for anticipated salvage and subrogation.
corporate benefit funding liabilities for this segment are primarily related to payout annuities, including pension risk transfers, structured settlement annuities and institutional income annuities. there is no interest rate crediting flexibility on these liabilities. as a result, a sustained low interest rate environment could negatively impact earnings; however, we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies, including the use of various derivative positions, primarily interest rate floors and interest rate swaps, to mitigate the risks associated with such a scenario.
latin america future policy benefits for this segment are held primarily for immediate annuities in chile, argentina and mexico and traditional life contracts mainly in brazil and mexico. there are also liabilities held for total return pass-through provisions included in certain universal life and savings products in mexico. factors impacting these liabilities include sustained periods of lower yields than rates established at policy issuance, lower than expected asset reinvestment rates, and mortality and lapses different than expected. we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies.
asia future policy benefits for this segment are held primarily for traditional life, endowment, annuity and accident & health contracts. they are also held for total return pass-through provisions included in certain universal life and savings products. they include certain liabilities for variable annuity and variable life guarantees of minimum death benefits, and longevity guarantees. factors impacting these liabilities include sustained periods of lower yields than rates established at policy issuance, lower than expected asset reinvestment rates, market volatility, actual lapses resulting in lower than expected income, and actual mortality or morbidity resulting in higher than expected benefit payments. we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies.
emea future policy benefits for this segment include unearned premium reserves for group life and credit insurance contracts. future policy benefits are also held for traditional life, endowment and annuity contracts with significant mortality risk and accident & health contracts. factors impacting these liabilities include lower than expected asset reinvestment rates, market volatility, actual lapses resulting in lower than expected income, and actual mortality or morbidity resulting in higher than expected benefit payments. we mitigate our risks by having premiums which are adjustable or cancellable in some cases, and by applying various alm strategies.
corporate & other future policy benefits primarily include liabilities for certain run-off long-term care and workers' compensation business written by metlife usa. additionally, future policy benefits include liabilities for variable annuity guaranteed minimum benefits assumed from a former operating joint venture in japan that are accounted for as insurance.
policyholder account balances policyholder account balances are generally equal to the account value, which includes accrued interest credited, but excludes the impact of any applicable charge that may be incurred upon surrender. see "- industry trends - impact of a sustained low interest rate environment - low interest rate scenario" and "- variable annuity guarantees." see also notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. a discussion of policyholder account balances by segment (as well as corporate & other) follows.
retail life & other policyholder account balances are held for retained asset accounts, universal life policies and the fixed account of variable life insurance policies. for annuities, policyholder account balances are held for fixed deferred annuities, the fixed account portion of variable annuities, and non-life contingent income annuities. interest is credited to the policyholder's account at interest rates we determine which are influenced by current market rates, subject to specified minimums. a sustained low interest rate environment could negatively impact earnings as a result of the minimum credited rate guarantees present in most of these policyholder account balances. we have various derivative positions, primarily interest rate floors, to partially mitigate the risks associated with such a scenario. additionally, policyholder account balances are held for variable annuity guaranteed minimum living benefits that are accounted for as embedded derivatives.
the table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for retail:
guaranteed minimum crediting rate        accountvalue (1)              account value at guarantee (1)
annuities greater than 0% but less than 2%           $3,429                                 $2,932
as a result of acquisitions, we establish additional liabilities known as excess interest reserves for policies with credited rates in excess of market rates as of the applicable acquisition dates. at december 31, 2015, excess interest reserves were $110 million and $328 million for life & other and annuities, respectively.
group, voluntary & worksite benefits policyholder account balances in this segment are held for retained asset accounts, universal life policies, the fixed account of variable life insurance policies and specialized life insurance products for benefit programs. policyholder account balances are credited interest at a rate we determine, which are influenced by current market rates. a sustained low interest rate environment could negatively impact earnings as a result of the minimum credited rate guarantees present in most of these policyholder account balances. we have various derivative positions, primarily interest rate floors, to partially mitigate the risks associated with such a scenario.
the table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for group, voluntary & worksite benefits:
guaranteed minimum crediting rate   accountvalue (1)             account value at guarantee (1)
corporate benefit funding policyholder account balances in this segment are comprised of funding agreements. interest crediting rates vary by type of contract, and can be fixed or variable. variable interest crediting rates are generally tied to an external index, most commonly (1-month or 3-month) libor. we are exposed to interest rate risks, as well as foreign currency exchange rate risk, when guaranteeing payment of interest and return of principal at the contractual maturity date. we may invest in floating rate assets or enter into receive-floating interest rate swaps, also tied to external indices, as well as caps, to mitigate the impact of changes in market interest rates. we also mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies and seek to hedge all foreign currency exchange rate risk through the use of foreign currency hedges, including cross currency swaps.
latin america policyholder account balances in this segment are held largely for investment-type products and universal life products in mexico and chile, and deferred annuities in brazil. some of the deferred annuities in brazil are unit-linked-type funds that do not meet the gaap definition of separate accounts. the rest of the deferred annuities have minimum credited rate guarantees, and these liabilities and the universal life liabilities are generally impacted by sustained periods of low interest rates. liabilities for unit-linked-type funds are impacted by changes in the fair value of the associated investments, as the return on assets is generally passed directly to the policyholder.
asia policyholder account balances in this segment are held largely for fixed income retirement and savings plans, fixed deferred annuities, interest sensitive whole life products, universal life and, to a lesser degree, liability amounts for unit-linked-type funds that do not meet the gaap definition of separate accounts. also included are certain liabilities for retirement and savings products sold in certain countries in asia that generally are sold with minimum credited rate guarantees. liabilities for guarantees on certain variable annuities in asia are accounted for as embedded derivatives and recorded at estimated fair value and are also included within policyholder account balances. these liabilities are generally impacted by sustained periods of low interest rates, where there are interest rate guarantees. we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies and with reinsurance. liabilities for unit-linked-type funds are impacted by changes in the fair value of the associated underlying investments, as the return on assets is generally passed directly to the policyholder.
the table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for asia:
guaranteed minimum crediting rate (1)        accountvalue (2)             accountvalue atguarantee (2)
annuities greater than 0% but less than 2%              $19,059                               $3,093
(1)   excludes negative voba liabilities of $1.2 billion at december 31, 2015, primarily held in japan. these liabilities were established in instances where the estimated fair value of contract obligations exceeded the book value of assumed insurance policy liabilities associated with the acquisition of alico. these negative liabilities were established primarily for decreased market interest rates subsequent to the issuance of the policy contracts.
emea policyholder account balances in this segment are held mostly for universal life, deferred annuity, pension products, and unit-linked-type funds that do not meet the gaap definition of separate accounts. they are also held for endowment products without significant mortality risk. where there are interest rate guarantees, these liabilities are generally impacted by sustained periods of low interest rates. we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies. liabilities for unit-linked-type funds are impacted by changes in the fair value of the associated investments, as the return on assets is generally passed directly to the policyholder.
corporate & other policyholder account balances in corporate & other are held for variable annuity guaranteed minimum benefits assumed from a former operating joint venture in japan that are accounted for as embedded derivatives.
variable annuity guarantees we issue, directly and through assumed business, certain variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits that provide the policyholder a minimum return based on their initial deposit (i.e., the benefit base) less withdrawals. in some cases, the benefit base may be increased by additional deposits, bonus amounts, accruals or optional market value resets. see notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
certain guarantees, including portions thereof, have insurance liabilities established that are included in future policy benefits. guarantees accounted for in this manner include gmdbs, the life-contingent portion of certain gmwbs, and the non-life contingent portions of both gmwbs and gmibs that require annuitization. these liabilities are accrued over the life of the contract in proportion to actual and future expected policy assessments based on the level of guaranteed minimum benefits generated using multiple scenarios of separate account returns. the scenarios are based on best estimate assumptions consistent with those used to amortize dac. when current estimates of future benefits exceed those previously projected or when current estimates of future assessments are lower than those previously projected, liabilities will increase, resulting in a current period charge to net income. the opposite result occurs when the current estimates of future benefits are lower than those previously projected or when current estimates of future assessments exceed those previously projected. at each reporting period, we update the actual amount of business remaining in-force, which impacts expected future assessments and the projection of estimated future benefits resulting in a current period charge or increase to earnings.
certain guarantees, including portions thereof, accounted for as embedded derivatives, are recorded at estimated fair value and included in policyholder account balances. guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives include gmabs, and the non-life contingent portions of both gmwbs and gmibs that do not require annuitization. the estimated fair values of guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives are determined based on the present value of projected future benefits minus the present value of projected future fees. the projections of future benefits and future fees require capital market and actuarial assumptions including expectations concerning policyholder behavior. a risk neutral valuation methodology is used to project the cash flows from the guarantees under multiple capital market scenarios to determine an economic liability. the reported estimated fair value is then determined by taking the present value of these risk-free generated cash flows using a discount rate that incorporates a spread over the risk-free rate to reflect our nonperformance risk and adding a risk margin. for more information on the determination of estimated fair value, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
future policybenefits                         policyholderaccount balances december 31,                                         december 31,
the carrying amounts for guarantees included in policyholder account balances above include nonperformance risk adjustments of $462 million and $299 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. these nonperformance risk adjustments represent the impact of including a credit spread when discounting the underlying risk neutral cash flows to determine the estimated fair values. the nonperformance risk adjustment does not have an economic impact on us as it cannot be monetized given the nature of these policyholder liabilities. the change in valuation arising from the nonperformance risk adjustment is not hedged.
the carrying values of these guarantees can change significantly during periods of sizable and sustained shifts in equity market performance, equity volatility, interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates. carrying values are also impacted by our assumptions around mortality, separate account returns and policyholder behavior, including lapse rates.
as discussed below, we use a combination of product design, hedging strategies, reinsurance, and other risk management actions to mitigate the risks related to these benefits. within each type of guarantee, there is a range of product offerings reflecting the changing nature of these products over time. changes in product features and terms are in part driven by customer demand but, more importantly, reflect our risk management practices of continuously evaluating the guaranteed benefits and their associated asset-liability matching. recently, we have been diversifying the concentration of income benefits in the portfolio of the company's retail annuities business by focusing on withdrawal benefits, variable annuities without living benefits and index-linked annuities. to this end, the gmibs will not be available for new purchases after february 19, 2016.
gmdbs we offer a range of gmdbs to our contractholders. the table below presents gmdbs, by benefit type, at december 31, 2015:
(1)   total account value excludes $2.1billion for contracts with no gmdbs. further, many of our annuity contracts offer more than one type of guarantee such that gmdb amounts listed above are not mutually exclusive to the amounts in the living benefit guarantees table below.
based on total account value, less than 39% of our gmdbs included enhanced death benefits such as the annual step-up or roll-up and step-up combination products. we expect the above gmdb risk profile to be relatively consistent for the foreseeable future.
living benefit guarantees the table below presents our living benefit guarantees based on total account values at december 31, 2015:
(1)   total account value excludes $48.1 billion for contracts with no living benefit guarantees. further, many of our annuity contracts offer more than one type of guarantee such that living benefit guarantee amounts listed above are not mutually exclusive of the amounts in the gmdbs table above.
(2)   the asia and emea segments include the non-life contingent portion of the gmwb total account value of $948 million with a guarantee at annuitization.
in terms of total account value, gmibs are our most significant living benefit guarantee. our primary risk management strategy for our gmib products is our derivatives hedging program as discussed below. additionally, we have engaged in certain reinsurance agreements covering some of our gmib business. as part of our overall risk management approach for living benefit guarantees, we continually monitor the reinsurance markets for the right opportunity to purchase additional coverage for our gmib business.
10-year mortality projection, 10-year setback, 1.0% interest rate            29,751
10-year mortality projection, 10-year setback, 0.5% interest rate             4,187
the annuitization interest rates on gmibs have been decreased from 2.5% to 0.5% over time, partially in response to the low interest rate environment, accompanied by an increase in the setback period from seven years to 10 years and the more recent introduction of a 10-year mortality projection.
additionally, 33% of the $90.3 billion of gmib total account value has been invested in managed volatility funds as of december 31, 2015. these funds seek to manage volatility by adjusting the fund holdings within certain guidelines based on capital market movements. such activity reduces the overall risk of the underlying funds while maintaining their growth opportunities. these risk mitigation techniques translate to a reduction or elimination of the need for us to manage the funds' volatility through hedging or reinsurance.
our gmib products typically have a waiting period of 10 years to be eligible for annuitization. as of december 31, 2015, only 15% of our contracts with gmibs were eligible for annuitization. the remaining contracts are not eligible for annuitization for an average of six years.
once eligible for annuitization, contractholders would only be expected to annuitize if their contracts were in-the-money. we calculate in-the-moneyness with respect to gmibs consistent with net amount at risk as discussed in note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, by comparing the contractholders' income benefits based on total account values and current annuity rates versus the guaranteed income benefits. the net amount at risk was $2,762 million at december 31, 2015, of which $2,619 million was related to gmib guarantees. for those contracts with gmib, the table below presents details of contracts that are in-the-money and out-of-the money at december 31, 2015:
derivatives hedging variable annuity guarantees our risk mitigating hedging strategy uses various otc and exchange traded derivatives. the table below presents the gross notional amount, estimated fair value and primary underlying risk exposure of the derivatives hedging our variable annuity guarantees:
primary underlying risk exposure                                                           gross notional                         estimated fair value            gross notional                         estimated fair value instrument type                                          amount                  assets            liabilities        amount                            assets            liabilities
equity market                                        equity futures                          7,104                      61                     18                   6,065                      65                      2
equity options                         54,113                   1,541                  1,041                  37,427                   1,422                  1,035
the change in estimated fair values of our derivatives is recorded in policyholder benefits and claims if they are hedging guarantees included in future policy benefits, and in net derivative gains (losses) if they are hedging guarantees included in policyholder account balances.
our hedging strategy involves the significant use of static longer-term derivative instruments to avoid the need to execute transactions during periods of market disruption or higher volatility. we continually monitor the capital markets for opportunities to adjust our liability coverage, as appropriate. futures are also used to dynamically adjust the daily coverage levels as markets and liability exposures fluctuate.
we remain liable for the guaranteed benefits in the event that reinsurers or derivative counterparties are unable or unwilling to pay. certain of our reinsurance agreements and most derivative positions are collateralized and derivatives positions are subject to master netting agreements, both of which significantly reduce the exposure to counterparty risk. in addition, we are subject to the risk that hedging and other risk management actions prove ineffective or that unanticipated policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market events, produces economic losses beyond the scope of the risk management techniques employed.
liquidity and capital resources overview our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global capital markets, particular markets, or financial asset classes can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities are sensitive to changing market factors. the global markets and economy continue to experience volatility that may affect our financing costs and market interest for our debt or equity securities. for further information regarding market factors that could affect our ability to meet liquidity and capital needs, see "- industry trends" and "- investments - current environment."
liquidity management based upon the strength of our franchise, diversification of our businesses, strong financial fundamentals and the substantial funding sources available to us as described herein, we continue to believe we have access to ample liquidity to meet business requirements under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios. we continuously monitor and adjust our liquidity and capital plans for metlife, inc. and its subsidiaries in light of market conditions, as well as changing needs and opportunities.
short-term liquidity we maintain a substantial short-term liquidity position, which was $11.1 billion and $14.0 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. short-term liquidity includes cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed including: (i) amounts related to cash collateral received under our securities lending program; (ii) amounts related to cash collateral received from counterparties in connection with derivatives; and (iii) cash held in the closed block.
liquid assets an integral part of our liquidity management includes managing our level of liquid assets, which was $229.4 billion and $237.4 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly-traded securities, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. assets pledged or otherwise committed include: (i) amounts related to cash collateral received under our securities lending program; (ii) amounts related to cash collateral received from counterparties in connection with derivatives; (iii) cash and investments held in the closed block, in regulatory custodial accounts or on deposit with regulatory agencies; (iv) investments held in trust in support of collateral financing arrangements; and (v) investments pledged in support of funding agreements, derivatives and short sale agreements.
capital management we have established several senior management committees as part of our capital management process. these committees, including the capital management committee and the enterprise risk committee ("erc"), regularly review actual and projected capital levels (under a variety of scenarios including stress scenarios) and our annual capital plan in accordance with our capital policy. the capital management committee is comprised of members of senior management, including metlife, inc.'s chief financial officer, treasurer and chief risk officer ("cro"). the erc is also comprised of members of senior management, including metlife, inc.'s chief financial officer, cro and chief investment officer.
our board and senior management are directly involved in the development and maintenance of our capital policy. the capital policy sets forth, among other things, minimum and target capital levels and the governance of the capital management process. all capital actions, including proposed changes to the annual capital plan, capital targets or capital policy, are reviewed by the finance and risk committee of the board prior to obtaining full board approval. the board approves the capital policy and the annual capital plan and authorizes capital actions, as required.
see "risk factors - capital-related risks - regulatory restrictions and uncertainty and restrictions under the terms of certain of our securities may prevent us from repurchasing our stock and paying dividends at the level we wish" and note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding restrictions on payment of dividends and stock repurchases. see also "- the company - liquidity and capital uses - common stock repurchases" for information regarding metlife, inc.'s common stock repurchase authorizations.
the company liquidity liquidity refers to a company's ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet its needs. we determine our liquidity needs based on a rolling 12-month forecast by portfolio of invested assets which we monitor daily. we adjust the asset mix and asset maturities based on this rolling 12-month forecast. to support this forecast, we conduct cash flow and stress testing, which include various scenarios of the potential risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal. we include provisions limiting withdrawal rights on many of our products, including general account pension products sold to employee benefit plan sponsors. certain of these provisions prevent the customer from making withdrawals prior to the maturity date of the product. in the event of significant cash requirements beyond anticipated liquidity needs, we have various alternatives available depending on market conditions and the amount and timing of the liquidity need. these available alternatives include cash flows from operations, sales of liquid assets, global funding sources and various credit facilities.
under certain stressful market and economic conditions, our access to liquidity may deteriorate, or the cost to access liquidity may increase. if we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of anticipated cash requirements or if we are required to post or return cash collateral in connection with derivatives or our securities lending program, we may have difficulty selling investments in a timely manner, be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize, or both. in addition, in the event of such forced sale, accounting guidance requires the recognition of a loss for certain securities in an unrealized loss position and may require the impairment of other securities if there is a need to sell such securities, which may negatively impact our financial condition. see "risk factors - investment-related risks - should the need arise, we may have difficulty selling certain holdings in our investment portfolio or in our securities lending program in a timely manner and realizing full value given their illiquid nature."
in extreme circumstances, all general account assets within a particular legal entity - other than those which may have been pledged to a specific purpose - are available to fund obligations of the general account of that legal entity.
capital we manage our capital position to maintain our financial strength and credit ratings. our capital position is supported by our ability to generate strong cash flows within our operating companies and borrow funds at competitive rates, as well as by our demonstrated ability to raise additional capital to meet operating and growth needs despite adverse market and economic conditions.
rating agencies rating agencies assign insurer financial strength ratings to metlife, inc.'s domestic life insurance subsidiaries and credit ratings to metlife, inc. and certain of its subsidiaries. financial strength ratings represent the opinion of rating agencies regarding the ability of an insurance company to pay obligations under insurance policies and contracts in accordance with their terms. credit ratings indicate the rating agency's opinion regarding a debt issuer's ability to meet the terms of debt obligations in a timely manner. they are important factors in our overall funding profile and ability to access certain types of liquidity. the level and composition of regulatory capital at the subsidiary level and our equity capital are among the many factors considered in determining our insurer financial strength ratings and credit ratings. each agency has its own capital adequacy evaluation methodology, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors. in addition to heightening the level of scrutiny that they apply to insurance companies, rating agencies have increased and may continue to increase the frequency and scope of their credit reviews, may request additional information from the companies that they rate and may adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in the rating agency models for maintenance of certain ratings levels. see "business - company ratings" for further information on our insurer financial strength ratings.
downgrades in our insurer financial strength ratings could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations in many ways, including:
•   reducing new sales of insurance products, annuities and investment products;
•   adversely affecting our relationships with our sales force and independent sales intermediaries;
•   materially increasing the number or amount of policy surrenders and withdrawals by contractholders and policyholders;
•   requiring us to post additional collateral under certain of our financing and derivative transactions;
•   requiring us to reduce prices for our products and services to remain competitive; and
•   adversely affecting our ability to obtain reinsurance at reasonable prices or at all.
a downgrade in the credit ratings or insurer financial strength ratings of metlife, inc. or its subsidiaries would likely impact us in the following ways, including:
•   impact our ability to generate cash flows from the sale of funding agreements and other capital market products offered by our corporate benefit funding segment;
•   impact the cost and availability of financing for metlife, inc. and its subsidiaries; and
•   result in additional collateral requirements or other required payments under certain agreements, which are eligible to be satisfied in cash or by posting investments held by the subsidiaries subject to the agreements. see "- liquidity and capital uses - pledged collateral."
statutory capital and dividends our u.s. insurance subsidiaries have statutory surplus well above levels to meet current regulatory requirements.
rbc requirements are used as minimum capital requirements by the naic and the state insurance departments to identify companies that merit regulatory action. rbc is based on a formula calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium, claim, expense and statutory reserve items. the formula takes into account the risk characteristics of the insurer, including asset risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk, market risk and business risk and is calculated on an annual basis. the formula is used as an early warning regulatory tool to identify possible inadequately capitalized insurers for purposes of initiating regulatory action, and not as a means to rank insurers generally. these rules apply to most of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries. state insurance laws provide insurance regulators the authority to require various actions by, or take various actions against, insurers whose total adjusted capital does not meet or exceed certain rbc levels. at the date of the most recent annual statutory financial statements filed with insurance regulators, the total adjusted capital of each of these subsidiaries subject to these requirements was in excess of each of those rbc levels.
as a delaware corporation, american life is subject to delaware law; however, because it does not conduct insurance business in delaware or any other domestic state, it is exempt from rbc requirements under delaware law. american life's operations are also regulated by applicable authorities of the countries in which it operates and is subject to capital and solvency requirements in those countries.
the amount of dividends that our insurance subsidiaries can pay to metlife, inc. or to other parent entities is constrained by the amount of surplus we hold to maintain our ratings and provides an additional margin for risk protection and investment in our businesses. we proactively take actions to maintain capital consistent with these ratings objectives, which may include adjusting dividend amounts and deploying financial resources from internal or external sources of capital. certain of these activities may require regulatory approval. furthermore, the payment of dividends and other distributions to metlife, inc. and other parent entities by their respective insurance subsidiaries is governed by insurance laws and regulations. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - insurance regulation," "business - regulation - international regulation," "- metlife, inc. - liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries" and note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
affiliated captive reinsurance transactions various subsidiaries of metlife, inc. cede specific policy classes, including term and universal life insurance, participating whole life insurance, long-term disability insurance, group life insurance and other business to various wholly-owned captive reinsurers. the reinsurance activities among these affiliated companies are eliminated within our consolidated results of operations. the statutory reserves of such affiliated captive reinsurers are supported by a combination of funds withheld assets, investment assets and letters of credit issued by unaffiliated financial institutions. metlife, inc. has committed to maintain the surplus of several of the domestic affiliated captive reinsurers, as well as provided guarantees of the reinsurers' and other affiliated international insurance entities' repayment obligations on the letters of credit. metlife, inc. has also provided guarantees of these reinsurers' repayment obligations on derivative and certain reinsurance agreements entered into by these reinsurers. see "- metlife, inc. - liquidity and capital uses - support agreements" for further details on certain of these guarantees. various subsidiaries of metlife, inc. enter into reinsurance agreements with affiliated captive reinsurers for risk and capital management purposes, as well as to manage statutory reserve requirements related to universal life and term life insurance policies and other business.
the naic continues to review insurance companies' use of affiliated captive reinsurers and off-shore entities. the new york department of financial services continues to have a moratorium on new reserve financing transactions involving captive insurers. we are not aware of any states other than new york and california implementing such a moratorium. while such a moratorium would not impact our existing reinsurance agreements with captive reinsurers, a moratorium placed on the use of captives for new reserve financing transactions could impact our ability to write certain products and/or impact our rbc ratios and ability to deploy excess capital in the future. this could result in our need to increase prices, modify product features or limit the availability of those products to our customers. while this affects insurers across the industry, it could adversely impact our competitive position and our results of operations in the future. we continue to evaluate product modifications, pricing structure and alternative means of managing risks, capital and statutory reserves and we expect the discontinued use of captive reinsurance on new reserve financing transactions would not have a material impact on our future consolidated financial results.
our variable annuity guaranteed minimum benefit risk and certain other risks were previously ceded to an affiliated captive reinsurer. in november 2014, this captive reinsurer merged with and into metlife usa as part of the mergers, further reducing the company's exposure to and use of captive reinsurers. see "- executive summary - other key information - significant events" for further information on the mergers. see also "risk factors - regulatory and legal risks - our insurance and brokerage businesses are highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies may reduce our profitability and limit our growth - u.s. regulation - insurance regulation" and note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our reinsurance activities.
summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital our primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital are summarized as follows:
operating activities, net                                                                  $14,129               $16,376               $16,131
changes in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions, net       1,544                 5,031                     -
cash received in connection with redeemable noncontrolling interests                             -                     -                   774
investing activities, net                                                                   10,398                15,055                15,165
changes in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions, net           -                     -                 3,276
treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases                                 1,930                 1,000                     -
cash flows from operations the principal cash inflows from our insurance activities come from insurance premiums, net investment income, annuity considerations and deposit funds. the principal cash outflows relate to various life insurance, property & casualty, annuity and pension products, operating expenses and income tax, as well as interest expense. a primary liquidity concern with respect to these cash flows is the risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal.
cash flows from investments the principal cash inflows from our investment activities come from repayments of principal, proceeds from maturities and sales of investments and settlements of freestanding derivatives. the principal cash outflows relate to purchases of investments, issuances of policy loans and settlements of freestanding derivatives. additional cash outflows relate to purchases of businesses. we typically have a net cash outflow from investing activities because cash inflows from insurance operations are reinvested in accordance with our alm discipline to fund insurance liabilities. we closely monitor and manage these risks through our comprehensive investment risk management process. the primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are the risk of default by debtors and market disruption.
cash flows from financing the principal cash inflows from our financing activities come from issuances of debt and other securities, deposits of funds associated with policyholder account balances and lending of securities. the principal cash outflows come from repayments of debt, payments of dividends on and repurchases of metlife, inc.'s securities, withdrawals associated with policyholder account balances and the return of securities on loan. the primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are market disruption and the risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal.
liquidity and capital sources in addition to the general description of liquidity and capital sources in "- summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital," the following additional information is provided regarding our primary sources of liquidity and capital:
global funding sources liquidity is provided by a variety of global funding sources, including funding agreements, credit facilities and commercial paper. capital is provided by a variety of global funding sources, including short-term and long-term debt, collateral financing arrangements, junior subordinated debt securities, preferred securities, equity securities and equity-linked securities. the diversity of our global funding sources enhances our funding flexibility, limits dependence on any one market or source of funds and generally lowers the cost of funds. our primary global funding sources include:
preferred stock in june 2015, metlife, inc. issued 1,500,000 shares of 5.25% fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, series c (the "series c preferred stock"), with a $0.01 par value per share and a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share, for aggregate proceeds of $1.5 billion. see note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
common stock in october 2014 and september 2013, metlife, inc. issued 22,907,960 new shares and 22,679,955 new shares, respectively, of its common stock, each for $1.0 billion, in connection with the remarketing of senior debt securities and settlement of stock purchase contracts. see "- remarketing of senior debt securities and settlement of stock purchase contracts."
commercial paper, reported in short-term debt metlife, inc. and metlife funding, inc. ("metlife funding") each have a commercial paper program that is supported by the $4.0 billion general corporate credit facility (see "- credit and committed facilities"). metlife funding raises cash from its commercial paper program and uses the proceeds to extend loans through metlife credit corp., another subsidiary of mlic, to affiliates in order to enhance the financial flexibility and liquidity of these companies.
federal home loan bank funding agreements, reported in policyholder account balances certain of our domestic insurance subsidiaries are members of a regional fhlb. during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we issued $21.6 billion, $13.9 billion and $11.5 billion, respectively, and repaid $21.1 billion, $14.0 billion and $11.8 billion, respectively, under funding agreements with certain regional fhlbs. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were $15.5 billion and $15.0 billion, respectively. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
special purpose entity funding agreements, reported in policyholder account balances we issue fixed and floating rate funding agreements which are denominated in either u.s. dollars or foreign currencies, to certain spes that have issued either debt securities or commercial paper for which payment of interest and principal is secured by such funding agreements. during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we issued $48.1 billion, $48.9 billion and $37.7 billion, respectively, and repaid $49.9 billion, $45.6 billion and $36.8 billion, respectively, under such funding agreements. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were $31.6 billion and $33.9 billion, respectively. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
federal agricultural mortgage corporation funding agreements, reported in policyholder account balances we have issued funding agreements to farmer mac, as well as to certain spes that have issued debt securities for which payment of interest and principal is secured by such funding agreements, and such debt securities are also guaranteed as to payment of interest and principal by farmer mac. the obligations under all such funding agreements are secured by a pledge of certain eligible agricultural real estate mortgage loans. during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, we issued $50 million and $200 million, respectively, and repaid $250 million and $200 million, respectively, under such funding agreements. during the year ended december 31, 2013, there were no issuances or repayments under such funding agreements. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were $2.6 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
•   in december 2015, metlife private equity holdings, llc ("mpeh"), a wholly-owned indirect investment subsidiary of mlic, borrowed $350 million under term loans that mature in december 2020 (see "other notes" in note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information);
•   in november 2015, metlife, inc. issued $1.3 billion of senior notes for general corporate purposes, which include repayment of certain senior notes upon their maturity in 2016;
•   in march 2015, metlife, inc. issued $1.5 billion of senior notes for general corporate purposes, which included repayment of certain senior notes upon their maturity in 2015;
•   in april 2014, metlife, inc. issued $1.0 billion of senior notes for general corporate purposes, which included repayment of certain senior notes upon their maturity in 2014 and the redemption of certain senior notes due in 2033; and
•   in november 2013, metlife, inc. issued $1.0 billion of senior notes for general corporate purposes, which included repayment of certain senior notes upon their maturity in 2014.
remarketing of senior debt securities and settlement of stock purchase contracts in each of october 2014 and september 2013, metlife, inc. closed the successful remarketings of $1.0 billion of senior debt securities underlying common equity units issued in november 2010 in connection with the acquisition of alico. metlife, inc. did not receive any proceeds from the remarketings. most common equity unit holders used the remarketing proceeds to settle their payment obligations under the applicable stock purchase contracts. the subsequent settlement of the stock purchase contracts provided proceeds to metlife, inc. of $1.0 billion in each of october 2014 and september 2013 in exchange for newly issued shares of metlife, inc.'s common stock as described in "- common stock" above.
credit and committed facilities at december 31, 2015, we maintained a $4.0 billion unsecured credit facility and certain committed facilities aggregating $11.9 billion. when drawn upon, these facilities bear interest at varying rates in accordance with the respective agreements.
the unsecured credit facility is used for general corporate purposes, to support the borrowers' commercial paper programs and for the issuance of letters of credit. at december 31, 2015, we had outstanding $484 million in letters of credit and no drawdowns against this facility. remaining availability was $3.5 billion at december 31, 2015.
the committed facilities are used for collateral for certain of our affiliated reinsurance liabilities. at december 31, 2015, $6.6 billion in letters of credit and $2.8 billion in aggregate drawdowns under collateral financing arrangements were outstanding. remaining availability was $2.4 billion at december 31, 2015.
see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information about these facilities.
we have no reason to believe that our lending counterparties will be unable to fulfill their respective contractual obligations under these facilities. as commitments associated with letters of credit and financing arrangements may expire unused, these amounts do not necessarily reflect our actual future cash funding requirements.
junior subordinated debt securities (3)      $3,194              $3,193
(2)   includes $408 million and $59 million of non-recourse debt at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, for which creditors have no access, subject to customary exceptions, to the general assets of the company other than recourse to certain investment subsidiaries.
(3)   for information regarding collateral financing arrangements and junior subordinated debt securities, see notes 13 and 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.
debt and facility covenants certain of our debt instruments and committed facilities, as well as our unsecured credit facility, contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. we believe we were in compliance with all such covenants at december 31, 2015.
dispositions cash proceeds from dispositions during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $0, $759 million and $407 million, respectively. during the year ended december 31, 2013, the sale of metlife bank's depository business resulted in cash outflows of $6.4 billion as a result of the buyer's assumption of the bank deposits liability in exchange for our cash payment.
see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
liquidity and capital uses in addition to the general description of liquidity and capital uses in "- summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital" and "- contractual obligations," the following additional information is provided regarding our primary uses of liquidity and capital:
preferred stock repurchase in june 2015, metlife, inc. conducted a tender offer for up to 59,850,000 of its 60,000,000 shares of the 6.50% non-cumulative preferred stock, series b ("series b preferred stock"), at a purchase price of $25 per share, plus an amount equal to accrued, unpaid and undeclared dividends from, and including, june 15, 2015 to, but excluding, june 29, 2015, the settlement date of the tender offer. in june 2015, metlife, inc. also delivered a notice of redemption to the holders of the series b preferred stock, pursuant to which it would redeem any series b preferred stock not purchased by it in the tender offer at a redemption price of $25 per share, without any payment for accrued, unpaid and undeclared dividends on the series b preferred stock from, and including, june 15, 2015 to, but excluding july 1, 2015, the redemption date. on june 29, 2015, metlife, inc. repurchased and canceled 37,192,413 shares of series b preferred stock in the tender offer for $932 million in cash. on july 1, 2015, metlife, inc. redeemed and canceled the remaining 22,807,587 shares of series b preferred stock not tendered in the tender offer for an aggregate redemption price of $570 million in cash. in connection with the tender offer and redemption, metlife, inc. recognized a preferred stock repurchase premium of $42 million (calculated as the difference between the carrying value of the series b preferred stock and the total amount paid by metlife, inc. to the holders of the series b preferred stock in connection with the tender offer and redemption), which was reflected as a reduction to retained earnings on the consolidated balance sheet. see note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
common stock repurchases in august 2014, metlife, inc. completed the remaining $261 million in common stock repurchases under a $1.0 billion authorization by the board of directors announced on january 15, 2008. in january 2015, metlife, inc. completed $1.0 billion of common stock repurchases pursuant to a board of directors authorization announced on april 22, 2008. on december 12, 2014, metlife, inc. announced that its board of directors authorized $1.0 billion of common stock repurchases in addition to previously authorized purchases, and on september 22, 2015, metlife, inc. announced that its board of directors authorized additional repurchases of $739 million of its common stock, bringing metlife, inc.'s remaining available repurchase authorizations to $1.0 billion as of september 22, 2015. in october 2015, metlife, inc. completed all remaining repurchases under the $1.0 billion authorization announced by the board of directors on december 12, 2014. at december 31, 2015, metlife, inc. had $70 million remaining under the september 2015 common stock repurchase authorization. metlife, inc. subsequently completed all repurchases under this authorization in january 2016. under these authorizations, metlife, inc. may purchase its common stock from the metlife policyholder trust, in the open market (including pursuant to the terms of a pre-set trading plan meeting the requirements of rule 10b5-1 under the exchange act) and in privately negotiated transactions.
during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, metlife, inc. repurchased 39,491,991 and 18,876,363 shares of common stock in the open market for $1.9 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively. metlife, inc. did not repurchase any shares of common stock during the year ended december 31, 2013. in 2016, through january 7, 2016, metlife, inc. repurchased 1,445,864 shares of its common stock in the open market for $70 million completing the september 2015 authorization.
common stock repurchases are dependent upon several factors, including our capital position, liquidity, financial strength and credit ratings, general market conditions, the market price of metlife, inc.'s common stock compared to management's assessment of the stock's underlying value and applicable regulatory approvals, as well as other legal and accounting factors. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - regulation as a non-bank sifi," "business - regulation - international regulation - global systemically important insurers," "risk factors - capital-related risks - regulatory restrictions and uncertainty and restrictions under the terms of certain of our securities may prevent us from repurchasing our stock and paying dividends at the level we wish" and note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
dividends during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, metlife, inc. paid dividends on its common stock of $1.7 billion, $1.5 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively. during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, metlife, inc. paid dividends on its preferred stock of $116 million, $122 million, and $122 million, respectively. see note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the calculation and timing of these dividend payments.
the declaration and payment of common stock dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend on metlife, inc.'s financial condition, results of operations, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries and other factors deemed relevant by the board. on january 6, 2016, the metlife, inc. board of directors declared a first quarter 2016 common stock dividend of $0.375 per share payable on march 14, 2016 to shareholders of record as of february 5, 2016. the company estimates the aggregate dividend payment will be $413 million.
preferred stock dividends are paid quarterly in accordance with the terms of metlife, inc.'s floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, series a and, ending with the june 15, 2015 payment date for the series b preferred stock. dividends are paid semi-annually on metlife, inc.'s series c preferred stock commencing december 15, 2015 and ending on june 15, 2020, and thereafter are paid quarterly.
the payment of dividends and other distributions by metlife, inc. to its security holders may be subject to regulation by the federal reserve as a result of metlife, inc.'s designation as a non-bank sifi. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - regulation as a non-bank sifi." in addition, if additional capital requirements are imposed on metlife, inc. as a g-sii, its ability to pay dividends could be reduced by any such additional capital requirements that might be imposed. see "business - regulation - international regulation - global systemically important insurers." the payment of dividends is also subject to restrictions under the terms of our preferred stock and junior subordinated debentures in situations where we may be experiencing financial stress. see "risk factors - capital-related risks - regulatory restrictions and uncertainty and restrictions under the terms of certain of our securities may prevent us from repurchasing our stock and paying dividends at the level we wish" and note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
•   in june 2015, metlife, inc. repaid at maturity its $1.0 billion 5.0% senior notes;
•   in 2015, following regulatory approval, metlife reinsurance company of charleston ("mrc"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of metlife, inc., repurchased and canceled $57 million in aggregate principal amount of its surplus notes;
•   in june and february 2014, metlife, inc. repaid at maturity its $350 million and $1.0 billion senior notes, respectively;
•   in may 2014, metlife, inc. redeemed $200 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.875% senior notes due in november 2033 at par; and
•   in november and august 2013, metlife, inc. repaid at maturity its $500 million and $250 million senior notes, respectively.
debt repurchases we may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for other securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. any such repurchases or exchanges will be dependent upon several factors, including our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, general market conditions, and applicable regulatory, legal and accounting factors. whether or not to repurchase any debt and the size and timing of any such repurchases will be determined at our discretion.
support agreements metlife, inc. and several of its subsidiaries (each, an "obligor") are parties to various capital support commitments and guarantees with subsidiaries. under these arrangements, each obligor, with respect to the applicable entity, has agreed to cause such entity to meet specified capital and surplus levels or has guaranteed certain contractual obligations. we anticipate that in the event that these arrangements place demands upon us, there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable us to meet anticipated demands. see "- metlife, inc. - liquidity and capital uses - support agreements."
insurance liabilities liabilities arising from our insurance activities primarily relate to benefit payments under various life insurance, property & casualty, annuity and group pension products, as well as payments for policy surrenders, withdrawals and loans. for annuity or deposit type products, surrender or lapse behavior differs somewhat by segment. in the retail segment, which includes individual annuities, lapses and surrenders tend to occur in the normal course of business. during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, general account surrenders and withdrawals from annuity products were $3.8 billion and $4.5 billion, respectively. in the corporate benefit funding segment, which includes pension risk transfers, bank-owned life insurance and other fixed annuity contracts, as well as funding agreements and other capital market products, most of the products offered have fixed maturities or fairly predictable surrenders or withdrawals. with regard to the corporate benefit funding segment liabilities that provide customers with limited rights to accelerate payments, as of december 31, 2015, there were no funding agreements and other capital market products that could be put back to the company.
pledged collateral we pledge collateral to, and have collateral pledged to us by, counterparties in connection with our derivatives. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, we were obligated to return cash collateral pledged to the company of $6.6 billion and $4.6 billion, respectively. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had pledged cash collateral of $241 million and $391 million, respectively. with respect to otc-bilateral derivatives in a net liability position that have credit contingent provisions, a one-notch downgrade in the company's credit rating would have required $1 million of additional collateral be provided to our counterparties as of december 31, 2015. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about collateral pledged to us, collateral we pledge and derivatives subject to credit contingent provisions.
we pledged collateral and have had collateral pledged to us, and may be required from time to time to pledge additional collateral or be entitled to have additional collateral pledged to us, in connection with collateral financing arrangements related to the reinsurance of closed block and ulsg liabilities. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
we pledged collateral from time to time in connection with funding agreements. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
securities lending we participate in a securities lending program whereby securities are loaned to third parties, primarily brokerage firms and commercial banks. we obtain collateral, usually cash, from the borrower, which must be returned to the borrower when the loaned securities are returned to us. under our securities lending program, we were liable for cash collateral under our control of $30.2 billion and $30.8 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. of these amounts, $10.1 billion and $10.7 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, were on open, meaning that the related loaned security could be returned to us on the next business day requiring the immediate return of cash collateral we hold. the estimated fair value of the securities on loan related to the cash collateral on open at december 31, 2015 was $9.9 billion, over 99% of which were u.s. treasury and agency securities which, if put to us, could be immediately sold to satisfy the cash requirements to immediately return the cash collateral. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
litigation putative or certified class action litigation and other litigation, and claims and assessments against us, in addition to those discussed elsewhere herein and those otherwise provided for in the consolidated financial statements, have arisen in the course of our business, including, but not limited to, in connection with our activities as an insurer, employer, investor, investment advisor, taxpayer and, formerly, a mortgage lending bank. further, state insurance regulatory authorities and other federal and state authorities regularly make inquiries and conduct investigations concerning our compliance with applicable insurance and other laws and regulations. see note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
we establish liabilities for litigation and regulatory loss contingencies when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. for material matters where a loss is believed to be reasonably possible but not probable, no accrual is made but we disclose the nature of the contingency and an aggregate estimate of the reasonably possible range of loss in excess of amounts accrued, when such an estimate can be made. it is not possible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of all pending investigations and legal proceedings. in some of the matters referred to herein, very large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive and treble damages, are sought. although in light of these considerations, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain cases could have a material adverse effect upon our financial position, based on information currently known by us, in our opinion, the outcome of such pending investigations and legal proceedings are not likely to have such an effect. however, given the large and/or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods.
acquisitions cash outflows for acquisitions and investments in strategic partnerships during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $0, $277 million and $1.9 billion, respectively. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding acquisitions.
insurance liabilities                                                       $376,995                 $23,088                               $20,349                                      $20,203                            $313,355
payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions        36,871                  36,871                                     -                                            -                                   -
investment commitments                                                        11,444                  11,231                                   100                                          113                                   -
insurance liabilities insurance liabilities include future policy benefits, other policy-related balances, policyholder dividends payable and the policyholder dividend obligation, which are all reported on the consolidated balance sheet and are more fully described in notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the amounts presented reflect future estimated cash payments and (i) are based on mortality, morbidity, lapse and other assumptions comparable with our experience and expectations of future payment patterns; and (ii) consider future premium receipts on current policies in-force. all estimated cash payments presented are undiscounted as to interest, net of estimated future premiums on in-force policies and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. payment of amounts related to policyholder dividends left on deposit are projected based on assumptions of policyholder withdrawal activity. because the exact timing and amount of the ultimate policyholder dividend obligation is subject to significant uncertainty and the amount of the policyholder dividend obligation is based upon a long-term projection of the performance of the closed block, we have reflected the obligation at the amount of the liability, if any, presented in the consolidated balance sheet in the more than five years category. additionally, the more than five years category includes estimated payments due for periods extending for more than 100 years.
the sum of the estimated cash flows shown for all years of $377.0 billion exceeds the liability amounts of $208.6 billion included on the consolidated balance sheet principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; and (ii) differences in assumptions, most significantly mortality, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and are partially offset by liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded.
actual cash payments may differ significantly from the liabilities as presented in the consolidated balance sheets and the estimated cash payments as presented due to differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in the establishment of these liabilities and the estimation of these cash payments.
for the majority of our insurance operations, estimated contractual obligations for future policy benefits and policyholder account balances, as presented, are derived from the annual asset adequacy analysis used to develop actuarial opinions of statutory reserve adequacy for state regulatory purposes. these cash flows are materially representative of the cash flows under gaap. see "- policyholder account balances."
policyholder account balances see notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the components of policyholder account balances. see "- insurance liabilities" regarding the source and uncertainties associated with the estimation of the contractual obligations related to future policy benefits and policyholder account balances.
amounts presented represent the estimated cash payments undiscounted as to interest and including assumptions related to the receipt of future premiums and deposits; withdrawals, including unscheduled or partial withdrawals; policy lapses; surrender charges; annuitization; mortality; future interest credited; policy loans and other contingent events as appropriate for the respective product type. such estimated cash payments are also presented net of estimated future premiums on policies currently in-force and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. for obligations denominated in foreign currencies, cash payments have been estimated using current spot foreign currency rates.
the sum of the estimated cash flows shown for all years of $286.1 billion exceeds the liability amount of $202.7 billion included on the consolidated balance sheets principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; (ii) differences in assumptions, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and (iii) liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded.
payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions we have accepted cash collateral in connection with securities lending and derivatives. as the securities lending transactions expire within the next year and the timing of the return of the derivatives collateral is uncertain, the return of the collateral has been included in the one year or less category in the table. we also held non-cash collateral, which is not reflected as a liability in the consolidated balance sheet of $2.2 billion at december 31, 2015.
debt amounts presented for debt include short-term debt, long-term debt, collateral financing arrangements and junior subordinated debt securities, the total of which differs from the total of the corresponding amounts presented on the consolidated balance sheet due to the following: (i) the amounts presented herein do not include premiums or discounts upon issuance or purchase accounting fair value adjustments; (ii) the amounts presented herein include future interest on such obligations for the period from january 1, 2016 through maturity; and (iii) the amounts presented herein do not include $60 million at december 31, 2015 of long-term debt relating to cses - fvo as such debt does not represent our contractual obligation. future interest on variable rate debt was computed using prevailing rates at december 31, 2015 and, as such, does not consider the impact of future rate movements. future interest on fixed rate debt was computed using the stated rate on the obligations for the period from january 1, 2016 through maturity, except with respect to junior subordinated debt which was computed using the stated rates through the scheduled redemption dates as it is our expectation that such obligations will be redeemed at that time. inclusion of interest payments on junior subordinated debt securities through the final maturity dates would increase the contractual obligation by $7.7 billion. pursuant to collateral financing arrangements, metlife, inc. may be required to deliver cash or pledge collateral to the respective unaffiliated financial institutions. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
investment commitments to enhance the return on our investment portfolio, we commit to lend funds under mortgage loans, bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments and we commit to fund partnership investments. in the table, the timing of the funding of mortgage loans and private corporate bond investments is based on the expiration dates of the corresponding commitments. as it relates to commitments to fund partnerships and bank credit facilities, we anticipate that these amounts could be invested any time over the next five years; however, as the timing of the fulfillment of the obligation cannot be predicted, such obligations are generally presented in the one year or less category. commitments to fund bridge loans are short-term obligations and, as a result, are presented in the one year or less category. see note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and "- off-balance sheet arrangements."
operating leases as a lessee, we have various operating leases, primarily for office space. contractual provisions exist that could increase or accelerate those lease obligations presented, including various leases with early buyouts and/or escalation clauses. however, the impact of any such transactions would not be material to our financial position or results of operations. see note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other other obligations presented are principally comprised of amounts due under reinsurance agreements, payables related to securities purchased but not yet settled, securities sold short, accrued interest on debt obligations, estimated fair value of derivative obligations, deferred compensation arrangements, guaranty liabilities, and accruals and accounts payable due under contractual obligations, which are all reported in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. if the timing of any of these other obligations is sufficiently uncertain, the amounts are included within the one year or less category. items reported in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets that were excluded from the table represent accounting conventions or are not liabilities due under contractual obligations. unrecognized tax benefits and related accrued interest totaling $2.0 billion was excluded as the timing of payment cannot be reliably determined.
separate account liabilities are excluded as they are fully funded by cash flows from the corresponding separate account assets and are set equal to the estimated fair value of separate account assets.
we also enter into agreements to purchase goods and services in the normal course of business; however, such amounts are excluded as these purchase obligations were not material to our consolidated results of operations or financial position at december 31, 2015.
additionally, we have agreements in place for services we conduct, generally at cost, between subsidiaries relating to insurance, reinsurance, loans and capitalization. intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. intercompany transactions among insurance subsidiaries and affiliates have been approved by the appropriate insurance regulators as required.
liquidity and capital management liquidity and capital are managed to preserve stable, reliable and cost-effective sources of cash to meet all current and future financial obligations and are provided by a variety of sources, including a portfolio of liquid assets, a diversified mix of short- and long-term funding sources from the wholesale financial markets and the ability to borrow through credit and committed facilities. liquidity is monitored through the use of internal liquidity risk metrics, including the composition and level of the liquid asset portfolio, timing differences in short-term cash flow obligations, access to the financial markets for capital and debt transactions and exposure to contingent draws on metlife, inc.'s liquidity. metlife, inc. is an active participant in the global financial markets through which it obtains a significant amount of funding. these markets, which serve as cost-effective sources of funds, are critical components of metlife, inc.'s liquidity and capital management. decisions to access these markets are based upon relative costs, prospective views of balance sheet growth and a targeted liquidity profile and capital structure. a disruption in the financial markets could limit metlife, inc.'s access to liquidity.
metlife, inc.'s ability to maintain regular access to competitively priced wholesale funds is fostered by its current credit ratings from the major credit rating agencies. we view our capital ratios, credit quality, stable and diverse earnings streams, diversity of liquidity sources and our liquidity monitoring procedures as critical to retaining such credit ratings. see "- the company - capital - rating agencies."
liquidity for a summary of metlife, inc.'s liquidity, see "- the company - liquidity."
capital for a summary of metlife, inc.'s capital, see "- the company - capital." for further information regarding potential capital restrictions and limitations on metlife, inc. as a non-bank sifi and g-sii, see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - regulation as a non-bank sifi" and "business - regulation - international regulation - global systemically important insurers." see also "- the company - liquidity and capital uses - common stock repurchases" and "- the company - liquidity and capital uses - preferred stock repurchase" for information regarding metlife, inc.'s common and preferred stock repurchases, respectively.
liquid assets at december 31, 2015 and 2014, metlife, inc. and other metlife holding companies had $6.4 billion and $6.1 billion, respectively, in liquid assets. of these amounts, $5.3 billion and $5.4 billion were held by metlife, inc. and $1.1 billion and $681 million were held by other metlife holding companies at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly-traded securities excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. assets pledged or otherwise committed include: (i) amounts related to cash collateral received from counterparties in connection with derivatives; (ii) investments held in trust in support of collateral financing arrangements; and (iii) investments pledged in support of derivatives.
liquid assets held in non-u.s. holding companies are generated in part through dividends from non-u.s. insurance operations. such dividends are subject to local insurance regulatory requirements, as discussed in "- liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries." the cumulative earnings of certain active non-u.s. operations have been reinvested indefinitely in such non-u.s. operations, as described in note 19 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. under current tax laws, should we repatriate such earnings, we may be subject to additional u.s. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes.
dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries (1)                                                                                     $2,340                                                             $2,340                                                 $2,388                                                             $2,388                                                 $3,301                                                             $3,301
capital contributions to subsidiaries (5)                                                                                                     667                                                                667                                                  1,262                                                              1,011                                                    748                                                                598
treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases                                                                                1,930                                                                  -                                                  1,000                                                                  -                                                      -                                                                  -
net cash provided by operating activities, metlife, inc. (parent company only) (6)                                                         $1,606                                                                                                                    $2,615                                                                                                                    $1,865
dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                         $1,354                                                             $1,354                                                 $1,339                                                             $1,339                                                   $822                                                               $822
capital contributions from metlife, inc.                                                                                                      150                                                                150                                                      -                                                                  -                                                    403                                                                403
capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                          27                                                                 27                                                     48                                                                 48                                                    201                                                                201
(1)   all dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc. were from operating subsidiaries and none were from other metlife holding companies during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
(5)   amounts to fund business acquisitions and strategic insurance partnerships were $0, $251 million and $150 million (included in capital contributions to subsidiaries) and $0, $0 and $1.5 billion (included in issuances of and (repayments on) loans to subsidiaries and related interest, net) during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(6)   see "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for the reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. to free cash flow of all holding companies.
the primary sources of metlife, inc.'s liquid assets are dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries, long-term debt issued, common stock issued, and net receipts from subsidiaries under a tax sharing agreement. metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the regulators of their respective domiciles. see "- liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries."
the primary uses of metlife, inc.'s liquid assets are principal and interest payments on long-term debt, dividends on or repurchases of common and preferred stock, capital contributions to subsidiaries, funding of business acquisitions, income taxes and operating expenses. metlife, inc. is party to various capital support commitments and guarantees with certain of its subsidiaries. see "- liquidity and capital uses - support agreements."
in addition, metlife, inc. issues loans to subsidiaries or subsidiaries issue loans to metlife, inc. accordingly, changes in metlife, inc. liquid assets include issuances of loans to subsidiaries, proceeds of loans from subsidiaries and the related repayment of principal and payment of interest on such loans. see "- liquidity and capital sources - debt issuances and other borrowings - issuances of affiliated long-term debt" and "- liquidity and capital uses - affiliated capital transactions."
sources and uses of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies the primary sources of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies are dividends, returns of capital and remittances from their subsidiaries and branches, principally non-u.s. insurance companies; capital contributions received; receipts of principal and interest on loans to subsidiaries and affiliates and borrowings from subsidiaries and affiliates. metlife, inc.'s non-u.s. operations are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by local regulators. see "- liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries."
the primary uses of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies are capital contributions paid to their subsidiaries and branches, principally non-u.s. insurance companies; loans to subsidiaries and affiliates; principal and interest paid on loans from subsidiaries and affiliates; and the following items, which are reported within other, net: dividends and returns of capital; business acquisitions; and operating expenses. uses of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies included $0, $0 and $400 million to fund business acquisitions during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
liquidity and capital sources in addition to the description of liquidity and capital sources in "- the company - summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital" and "- the company - liquidity and capital sources," the following additional information is provided regarding metlife, inc.'s primary sources of liquidity and capital.
dividends from subsidiaries metlife, inc. relies, in part, on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its cash requirements. metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the regulators of their respective domiciles. the dividend limitation for u.s. insurance subsidiaries is generally based on the surplus to policyholders at the end of the immediately preceding calendar year and statutory net gain from operations for the immediately preceding calendar year. statutory accounting practices, as prescribed by insurance regulators of various states in which we conduct business, differ in certain respects from accounting principles used in financial statements prepared in conformity with gaap. the significant differences relate to the treatment of dac, certain deferred income tax, required investment liabilities, statutory reserve calculation assumptions, goodwill and surplus notes.
the table below sets forth the dividends permitted to be paid by metlife, inc.'s primary insurance subsidiaries without insurance regulatory approval and the respective dividends paid:
company                                                          permitted without approval (1)            paid (2)               permitted without approval (3)          paid (2)                  permitted without approval (3)            paid (2)                  permitted without approval (3)
metropolitan life insurance company (4)                                     $3,753                      $1,489                               $1,200                      $821        (5)                       $1,163                      $1,428                                  $1,428
metropolitan property and casualty insurance company                          $130                        $235                                 $239                      $200                                    $218                        $100                                     $74
metropolitan tower life insurance company                                      $70                        $102                                 $102                       $73                                     $73                        $109        (8)                          $77
(1)   reflects dividend amounts that may be paid during 2016 without prior regulatory approval. however, because dividend tests may be based on dividends previously paid over rolling 12-month periods, if paid before a specified date during 2016, some or all of such dividends may require regulatory approval.
(3)   reflects dividend amounts that could have been paid during the relevant year without prior regulatory approval.
(4)   the new york insurance law was amended, permitting mlic to pay dividends without prior regulatory approval under one of two alternative formulations beginning in 2016. see note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the dividend amount that mlic may pay during 2016 under the new formulation is reflected in the table above.
(6)   see "business - overview - other key information" for discussion of the mergers. metlife investors insurance company was one of the companies that was merged into metlife usa in connection with the mergers. prior to the mergers, exeter paid dividends of $155 million on its preferred stock. in august 2014, micc redeemed for $1.4 billion and retired 4,595,317 shares of its common stock owned by metlife investors group, llc ("mlig"). following the redemption, in august 2014, mlig paid a dividend of $1.4 billion to metlife, inc. see "- liquidity and capital uses - affiliated capital transactions." metlife usa did not pay dividends in 2014.
(8)   during october 2013, metropolitan tower life insurance company ("mtl") distributed shares of an affiliate to metlife, inc. as an in-kind dividend of $32 million. also during october 2013, mtl paid a dividend to metlife, inc. in the amount of $77 million in cash, which represented its dividend capacity without regulatory approval at december 31, 2013. regulatory approval for these dividends was obtained due to the amount and timing of the payments.
in addition to the amounts presented in the table above, for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, cash dividends in the aggregate amount of $9 million, $17 million and $0, respectively, were paid to metlife, inc. by certain of its other subsidiaries. additionally, for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, metlife, inc. received cash of $5 million, $0 and $267 million, respectively, representing returns of capital from certain subsidiaries.
the dividend capacity of our non-u.s. operations is subject to similar restrictions established by the local regulators. the non-u.s. regulatory regimes also commonly limit the dividend payments to the parent to a portion of the prior year's statutory income, as determined by the local accounting principles. the regulators of our non-u.s. operations, including the fsa, may also limit or not permit profit repatriations or other transfers of funds to the u.s. if such transfers are deemed to be detrimental to the solvency or financial strength of the non-u.s. operations, or for other reasons. most of the non-u.s. subsidiaries are second tier subsidiaries which are owned by various non-u.s. holding companies. the capital and rating considerations applicable to the first tier subsidiaries may also impact the dividend flow into metlife, inc.
we actively manage target and excess capital levels and dividend flows on a proactive basis and forecast local capital positions as part of the financial planning cycle. the dividend capacity of certain u.s. and non-u.s. subsidiaries is also subject to business targets in excess of the minimum capital necessary to maintain the desired rating or level of financial strength in the relevant market. we cannot provide assurance that metlife, inc.'s subsidiaries will have statutory earnings to support payment of dividends to metlife, inc. in an amount sufficient to fund its cash requirements and pay cash dividends and that the applicable regulators will not disapprove any dividends that such subsidiaries must submit for approval. see "risk factors - capital-related risks - as a holding company, metlife, inc. depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends, a major component of holding company free cash flow" and note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
short-term debt metlife, inc. maintains a commercial paper program, the proceeds of which can be used to finance the general liquidity needs of metlife, inc. and its subsidiaries. metlife, inc. had no short-term debt outstanding at both december 31, 2015 and 2014.
preferred stock for information on metlife, inc.'s preferred stock, see "- the company - liquidity and capital sources - global funding sources - preferred stock."
debt issuances and other borrowings for information on metlife, inc.'s unaffiliated debt issuances and other borrowings, see "- the company - liquidity and capital sources - global funding sources - debt issuances and other borrowings."
collateral financing arrangements and junior subordinated debt securities for information on metlife, inc.'s collateral financing arrangements and junior subordinated debt securities, see notes 13 and 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.
credit and committed facilities see "- the company - liquidity and capital sources - global funding sources - credit and committed facilities" for information about metlife, inc.'s unsecured credit facility.
metlife, inc. maintains a committed facility with a capacity of $425 million. at december 31, 2015, metlife, inc. had outstanding $425 million in letters of credit and no drawdowns against this facility. remaining availability was $0 at december 31, 2015. in addition, metlife, inc. is a party and/or guarantor to committed facilities of certain of its subsidiaries, which aggregated $11.4 billion at december 31, 2015. the committed facilities are used as collateral for certain of the company's affiliated reinsurance liabilities.
see "- the company - liquidity and capital sources - global funding sources - credit and committed facilities," as well as note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, for further information regarding these facilities.
junior subordinated debt securities      $1,748              $1,748
debt and facility covenants certain of metlife, inc.'s debt instruments and committed facilities, as well as its credit facility, contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. metlife, inc. believes it was in compliance with all such covenants at december 31, 2015.
dispositions cash proceeds from dispositions during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $0, $7 million, and $17 million, respectively. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital uses the primary uses of liquidity of metlife, inc. include debt service, cash dividends on common and preferred stock, capital contributions to subsidiaries, common and preferred stock repurchases, payment of general operating expenses and acquisitions. based on our analysis and comparison of our current and future cash inflows from the dividends we receive from subsidiaries that are permitted to be paid without prior insurance regulatory approval, our investment portfolio and other cash flows and anticipated access to the capital markets, we believe there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable metlife, inc. to make payments on debt, pay cash dividends on its common and preferred stock, contribute capital to its subsidiaries, repurchase its common and preferred stock, pay all general operating expenses and meet its cash needs.
in addition to the description of liquidity and capital uses in "- the company - liquidity and capital uses" and "- the company - contractual obligations," the following additional information is provided regarding metlife, inc.'s primary uses of liquidity and capital:
affiliated capital transactions during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, metlife, inc. invested an aggregate of $88 million, $1.8 billion and $934 million, respectively, in various subsidiaries.
metlife, inc. lends funds, as necessary, to its subsidiaries and affiliates, some of which are regulated, to meet their capital requirements. metlife, inc. had loans to subsidiaries outstanding of $1.2 billion and $1.7 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
in december 2014, metlife, inc. entered into a five-year agreement with metlife reinsurance company of bermuda, ltd. ("mrb"), a bermuda insurance affiliate and an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of metlife, inc., to lend up to $500 million to mrb on a revolving basis. there were no loans outstanding at december 31, 2015 and 2014.
in august 2014, micc paid to mlig $1.4 billion to redeem and retire its common stock owned by mlig; as a result, all of the outstanding shares of common stock of micc were directly held by metlife, inc. following the redemption, in august 2014, mlig paid a dividend of $1.4 billion to metlife, inc., and metlife, inc. made a capital contribution to micc of $231 million.
in july 2013, metlife ireland treasury limited ("mitl") borrowed the chilean peso equivalent of $1.5 billion from metlife, inc., which was due july 2023. the loan bore interest at a fixed rate of 8.5%, payable annually. in december, september and june 2015, mitl made loan payments of the chilean peso equivalent of $77 million, $153 million and $231 million, respectively. in december 2014 and june 2014, mitl made loan payments of the chilean peso equivalent of $493 million and $69 million, respectively. in december 2013, mitl made a loan payment of the chilean peso equivalent of $245 million. at december 31, 2015, the loan was fully paid.
in april 2013, metlife bank's board of directors, with prior approval of the occ, approved the reduction of its permanent capital by $550 million through a purchase of its $300 million of outstanding preferred stock held by metlife, inc. and a return of capital of $250 million to metlife, inc. in may 2013, metlife, inc. received $550 million in cash to settle these transactions.
in january 2013, metlife bank both drew down and repaid $400 million under an 18-month agreement with metlife, inc., which bore interest at a rate of three-month libor plus 1.75%. on october 29, 2013, metlife, inc. and mlhl agreed to terminate the agreement. there were no loans outstanding at such date.
debt repayments for information on metlife, inc.'s debt repayments, see "- the company - liquidity and capital uses - debt repayments." metlife, inc. intends to repay or refinance, in whole or in part, all the debt that is due in 2016.
repayments of affiliated long-term debt in december 2015, metlife, inc. repaid $286 million of affiliated long-term debt to metlife exchange trust i, at maturity, in exchange for a return of capital. the long-term note bore interest at three-month libor plus 0.7%.
maturities of senior notes the following table summarizes metlife, inc.'s outstanding senior notes by year of maturity through 2020 and 2021 to 2046, excluding any premium or discount, at december 31, 2015:
year of maturity            principal                interest rate
support agreements metlife, inc. is party to various capital support commitments and guarantees with certain of its subsidiaries. under these arrangements, metlife, inc. has agreed to cause each such entity to meet specified capital and surplus levels or has guaranteed certain contractual obligations. see "- the company - liquidity and capital uses - support agreements."
metlife, inc., in connection with mrd's reinsurance of certain universal life and term life risks, entered into capital maintenance agreements pursuant to which metlife, inc. agreed, without limitation as to amount, to cause the first and second protected cells of mrd to maintain total adjusted capital equal to or greater than 200% of each such protected cell's company action level rbc, as defined in state insurance statutes. in addition, metlife, inc. entered into an agreement with the delaware department of insurance to increase such capital maintenance threshold to 300% of each such protected cell's company action level rbc, in the event of specified downgrades in the senior unsecured debt ratings of metlife, inc.
metlife, inc. guarantees the obligations of its subsidiary, delam, under a stop loss reinsurance agreement with rga reinsurance (barbados) inc. ("rgare"), pursuant to which rgare retrocedes to delam a portion of the whole life medical insurance business that rgare assumed from american life on behalf of its japan operations. also, metlife, inc. guarantees the obligations of its subsidiary, missouri reinsurance, inc. ("more"), under a retrocession agreement with rgare, pursuant to which more retrocedes certain group term life insurance liabilities (which retrocession was terminated effective as of january, 2016) and a portion of the closed block liabilities associated with industrial life and ordinary life insurance policies that it assumed from mlic.
metlife, inc. guarantees the obligations of mrb, a bermuda insurance affiliate and an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of metlife, inc. under a reinsurance agreement with mitsui sumitomo primary life insurance co., ltd. ("mitsui"), a former affiliate that is now an unaffiliated third party, under which mrb reinsures certain variable annuity business written by mitsui.
metlife, inc. guarantees the obligations of mrb in an aggregate amount up to $1.0 billion, under a reinsurance agreement with metlife europe limited ("mel"), under which mrb reinsured the guaranteed living benefits and guaranteed death benefits associated with certain unit-linked annuity contracts issued by mel.
metlife, inc., in connection with mrv's reinsurance of certain universal life and term life insurance risks, committed to the vermont department of banking, insurance, securities and health care administration to take necessary action to cause the three protected cells of mrv to maintain total adjusted capital in an amount that is equal to or greater than 200% of each such protected cell's authorized control level rbc, as defined in vermont state insurance statutes. see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
metlife, inc., in connection with the collateral financing arrangement associated with mrc's reinsurance of a portion of the liabilities associated with the closed block, committed to the south carolina department of insurance to make capital contributions, if necessary, to mrc so that mrc may at all times maintain its total adjusted capital in an amount that is equal to or greater than 200% of the company action level rbc, as defined in south carolina state insurance statutes as in effect on the date of determination or december 31, 2007, whichever calculation produces the greater capital requirement, or as otherwise required by the south carolina department of insurance. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
metlife, inc., in connection with the collateral financing arrangement associated with metlife reinsurance company of south carolina's ("mrsc") reinsurance of ulsg, committed to the south carolina department of insurance to take necessary action to cause mrsc to maintain the greater of capital and surplus of $250,000 or total adjusted capital in an amount that is equal to or greater than 100% of authorized control level rbc, as defined in south carolina state insurance statutes. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
metlife, inc. has a net worth maintenance agreement with its insurance subsidiary, first metlife investors insurance company ("first metlife"). under this agreement, as amended, metlife, inc. agreed, without limitation as to the amount, to cause first metlife to have capital and surplus of $10 million, total adjusted capital in an amount that is equal to or greater than 150% of the company action level rbc, as defined by applicable state insurance statutes, and liquidity necessary to enable it to meet its current obligations on a timely basis.
metlife, inc. guarantees obligations arising from derivatives of the following subsidiaries: mrb, metlife international holdings, llc and metlife worldwide holdings, llc. these subsidiaries are exposed to various risks relating to their ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit and equity market. these subsidiaries use a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives. further, all of the subsidiaries' derivatives are subject to industry standard netting agreements and collateral agreements that limit the unsecured portion of any open derivative position. on a net counterparty basis at december 31, 2015 and 2014, derivative transactions with positive mark-to-market values (in-the-money) were $583 million and $499 million, respectively, and derivative transactions with negative mark-to-market values (out-of-the-money) were $32 million and $102 million, respectively. to secure the obligations represented by the out of-the-money transactions, the subsidiaries had provided collateral to their counterparties with an estimated fair value of $32 million and $96 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. accordingly, unsecured derivative liabilities guaranteed by metlife, inc. were $0 and $6 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
metlife, inc. also guarantees the obligations of certain of its subsidiaries under committed facilities with third-party banks. see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
acquisitions during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, there were no cash outflows from metlife, inc. for acquisitions. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's acquisitions.
non-gaap and other financial disclosures in this report, the company presents certain measures of its performance that are not calculated in accordance with gaap. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures enhance the understanding of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of our business. the following non-gaap financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap:
(v)              free cash flow of all holding companies               (v)                 metlife, inc.'s net cash provided by operating activities reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures are included below and in "- results of operations."
our definitions of the various non-gaap and other financial measures discussed in this report may differ from those used by other companies:
operating earnings is the measure of segment profit or loss we use to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. consistent with gaap accounting guidance for segment reporting, operating earnings is our measure of segment performance. operating earnings is also a measure by which senior management's and many other employees' performance is evaluated for the purposes of determining their compensation under applicable compensation plans.
operating revenues and operating expenses exclude results of discontinued operations and other businesses that have been or will be sold or exited by metlife and are referred to as divested businesses. operating revenues also excludes net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses). operating expenses also excludes goodwill impairments.
the following additional adjustments are made to gaap revenues, in the line items indicated, in calculating operating revenues:
•   universal life and investment-type product policy fees excludes the amortization of unearned revenue related to net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses) and certain variable annuity gmib fees ("gmib fees");
•   net investment income: (i) includes amounts for investment hedge adjustments, (ii) includes income from discontinued real estate operations, (iii) excludes post-tax operating earnings adjustments relating to insurance joint ventures accounted for under the equity method, (iv) excludes certain amounts related to contractholder-directed unit-linked investments, and (v) excludes certain amounts related to securitization entities that are vies consolidated under gaap; and
the following additional adjustments are made to gaap expenses, in the line items indicated, in calculating operating expenses:
•   policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends excludes: (i) changes in the policyholder dividend obligation related to net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses), (ii) inflation-indexed benefit adjustments associated with contracts backed by inflation-indexed investments and amounts associated with periodic crediting rate adjustments based on the total return of a contractually referenced pool of assets and other pass through adjustments (also known as asymmetrical and non-economic accounting for insurance contracts), (iii) benefits and hedging costs related to gmibs ("gmib costs"), and (iv) market value adjustments associated with surrenders or terminations of contracts ("market value adjustments");
•   interest credited to policyholder account balances includes adjustments for earned income on derivatives and amortization of premium on derivatives that are hedges of policyholder account balances but do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment and excludes amounts related to net investment income earned on contractholder-directed unit-linked investments;
•   interest expense on debt excludes certain amounts related to securitization entities that are vies consolidated under gaap; and
•   other expenses excludes costs related to: (i) noncontrolling interests, (ii) implementation of new insurance regulatory requirements, and (iii) acquisition and integration costs.
operating earnings also excludes the recognition of certain contingent assets and liabilities that could not be recognized at acquisition or adjusted for during the measurement period under gaap business combination accounting guidance. in addition to the tax impact of the adjustments mentioned above, provision for income tax expense (benefit) also includes the impact related to the timing of certain tax credits, as well as certain tax reforms.
the following additional information is relevant to an understanding of our performance results:
•   we sometimes refer to sales activity for various products. these sales statistics do not correspond to revenues under gaap, but are used as relevant measures of business activity.
•   operating roe is defined as operating earnings available to common shareholders, divided by average gaap common stockholders' equity.
•   operating roe, excluding aoci other than fcta, is defined as operating earnings available to common shareholders divided by average gaap common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci other than fcta.
•   allocated equity is defined as the portion of metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity that management allocates to each of its segments and sub-segments based on local capital requirements and economic capital. see "- economic capital." allocated equity excludes the impact of aoci, other than fcta.
•   the company uses a measure of free cash flow to facilitate an understanding of its ability to generate cash for reinvestment into its businesses or use in discretionary capital actions. the company defines free cash flow as the sum of cash available at metlife's holding companies from dividends from operating subsidiaries, expenses and other net flows of the holding companies, and net contributions from debt to be at or below target leverage ratios. this measure of free cash flow is prior to discretionary capital deployment, including common stock dividends and repurchases, debt reduction and mergers and acquisitions. free cash flow should not be viewed as a substitute for net cash provided by (used in) operating activities calculated in accordance with gaap. the free cash flow ratio is typically expressed as a percentage of annual operating earnings available to common shareholders. a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. to free cash flow of all holding companies for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 is provided below.
reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. to free cash flow of all holding companies                                                                                 years ended december 31,
metlife, inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by operating activities                                                                                            $1,606                $2,615                $1,865
adjustments from net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
add: capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                                                 (667    )           (1,011    )             (598    )
add: returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                                                                     5                     -                   567
add: dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                                                   1,354                 1,339                   822
add: capital contributions from metlife, inc.                                                                                                                               150                     -                   403
add: capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                                                  (27    )              (48    )             (201    )
ratio of net cash provided by operating activities to consolidated net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders:
metlife, inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by operating activities                                                                                            $1,606                $2,615                $1,865
ratio of net cash provided by operating activities (parent company only) to consolidated net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders (2) (3)          31    %               42    %               57    %
(1) consolidated operating earnings available to common shareholders for 2015 includes a non-cash charge of $792 million, net of income tax, related to an uncertain tax position. excluding this charge from the denominator of the ratio, the adjusted free cash flow ratio would be 63%. see "risk factors - regulatory and legal risks - changes in tax laws or interpretations of such laws could reduce our earnings and materially impact our operations by increasing our corporate taxes and making some of our products less attractive to consumers" for additional information on this non-cash charge.
(2) consolidated net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders for 2015 includes a non-cash charge of $792 million, net of income tax, related to an uncertain tax position. excluding this charge from the denominator of the ratio, this ratio, as adjusted, would be 27%.
finally, in this discussion, we also provide forward-looking guidance on an operating, or non-gaap, basis. a reconciliation of these non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures is not accessible on a forward-looking basis because we believe it is not possible to provide other than a range of net investment gains and losses and net derivative gains and losses, which can fluctuate significantly within or outside the range and from period to period and may have a significant impact on gaap net income.