item 7.       management's discussion and analysis of consolidated financial condition and results of operations (dollars in millions, except per share, per ounce and per pound amounts)
the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of newmont mining corporation and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, "newmont," the "company," "our" and "we"). we use certain non-gaap financial measures in our md&a. for a detailed description of each of the non-gaap measures used in this md&a, please see the discussion under non-gaap financial measures beginning on page 82. references to "a$" refer to australian currency, "c$" to canadian currency and "nz$" to new zealand currency. this item should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this annual report.
overview        newmont is one of the world's largest gold producers and is the only gold company included in the s&p 500 index and fortune 500. we have been included in the dow jones sustainability index-world for nine consecutive years and have adopted the world gold council's conflict-free gold policy. we are also engaged in the exploration for and acquisition of gold and copper properties. we have significant operations and/or assets in the united states, australia, peru, indonesia, ghana and suriname.
we continue to position the business to capture benefits of economic recovery and demand growth in the current volatile commodity market environment. our team has spent considerable time optimizing our project portfolio, and we continue to move forward with developing projects that generate value. we are focused on providing sustainable efficiency, productivity and cost improvements and expect to continue to deliver significant cost and cash savings improvement initiatives. one of the programs we launched in 2013, and continued to progress in 2015 to achieve these improvements, is the full potential program ("full potential"). full potential is designed to leverage our industry experience and discipline to accelerate the delivery of business improvement opportunities across our operations and support areas, resulting in improved levels of operating cash flow.
during the second quarter of 2015, we received $675 in net proceeds from a common stock issuance. we used the proceeds, supplemented with cash from our balance sheet, to fund the acquisition of the cc&v gold mining business in colorado from anglogold ashanti limited, which was completed on august 3, 2015, for a purchase consideration of $821, net of $2 cash acquired, plus a 2.5% net smelter return royalty from potential future underground ore which has no fair value at december 31, 2015. located near colorado springs in teller county, colorado, with current operations permitted through 2026, a robust environmental track record, an experienced non-union workforce and a long history of community support, cc&v has been in operation since 1995. cc&v is a surface mine that provides ore to a crusher and a leach facility.
on march 12, 2013, we completed the sale of the hope bay project to tmac resources inc. ("tmac"). on july 7, 2015, tmac completed an initial public offering, issuing 22,500,000 common shares at a price of c$6.00 per common share for aggregate gross proceeds of c$135. subsequent to the financing events, we held a 29.38% ownership interest in tmac. therefore, we determined that tmac should no longer be consolidated and deconsolidated the assets, liabilities, and noncontrolling interest related to tmac and recognized a gain of $76, recorded within other income, net.
our global project pipeline we manage our wider project portfolio to maintain flexibility to address the development risks associated with our projects including permitting, local community and government support, engineering and procurement availability, technical issues, escalating costs and other associated risks that could adversely impact the timing and costs of certain opportunities.
projects included in our global pipeline comprise an important part of the company's growth strategy and reflect opportunities throughout the development cycle. the most advanced projects, including early stage development and projects in or near the execution phase are described below. the exploration, construction and execution of these projects may require significant funding to complete.        turf vent shaft, nevada. the turf no. 3 vent shaft project achieved commercial operation in november 2015 with the reversal of mine air flow and increased ventilation capacity. the project is expected to add between 100,000 and 150,000 ounces of production annually to leeville and decrease mine costs over the currently projected 11 year mine life. total development costs for the project were $330.
merian, suriname. on july 29, 2014, the board of directors of newmont approved full funding for the merian project in suriname and construction began in august 2014. following the project approval by newmont, the government of suriname granted the right of exploitation on august 22, 2014. the government of suriname opted for a 25% ownership in the merian project and made their earn-in payments. the project allows newmont to pursue a new district with upside potential and the opportunity to grow and extend the operating life of the south american region. average estimated gold production (on a 100% basis) of 400,000 to 500,000 ounces per year is expected for the first five years, once merian comes into production in late 2016. total capital spend on the project is expected to range from $575 to $625 on an attributable basis. as of december 31, 2015, total capital costs were $445, of which $88 related to the fourth quarter of 2015 on an attributable basis. at december 31, 2015, gold reserves at merian contained 110,600 thousand tons of probable reserves, grading 0.035 ounces per ton for 3.8 million ounces on an attributable basis.
long canyon, nevada. the board of directors approved full funding for the first phase of the long canyon project in the second quarter of 2015. the environmental impact statement record of decision was issued by the bureau of land management on april 7, 2015. the project is now under construction and is expected to achieve commercial production in the first half of 2017. this first phase of development consists of an open pit mine and heap leach operation with production between 100,000 and 150,000 ounces per year over an eight year mine life. total capital costs of the project are estimated between $250 and $300. as of december 31, 2015, total capital costs were $135 of which $69 related to the fourth quarter of 2015. we are currently assessing mining and processing options and completing a three-year infill drilling program to inform our approach to phase 2. at december 31, 2015, we reported 18,000 thousand tons of probable reserves, grading 0.067 ounce per ton for 1.2 million ounces of gold reserves at long canyon.
cc&v expansion, colorado. an expansion project at cc&v, which will extend cc&v's estimated mine life to at least 2026, includes the construction of a new leach pad, mill and recovery plant. the mill was mechanically completed in the first quarter of 2015. total capital costs for newmont to complete are estimated to be approximately $200. as of december 31, 2015, total capital costs for newmont were $53 for the project. mill commissioning and ramp up of production will continue into 2016. the new leach pad and the recovery plant are expected to be commissioned during the second half of 2016.
tanami expansion, australia. the board of directors approved full funding of the tanami expansion project on october 28, 2015. the goal of the tanami expansion project is to increase production and lower all-in sustaining costs per ounce of the mine. incremental improvements are driven by bringing ounces forward, mining additional ounces at depth and leveraging the fixed costs of the mine and processing facilities. the scope for this project includes a ventilation upgrade, additional mining equipment, additional mine access (dual access) and increasing process plant capacity and recovery. for a capital cost of between $100 and $120, the project increases tanami production to between 425,000 and 475,000 gold ounces for the first five years following the expansion at lower costs and an increased mine life by three years.
ahafo mill expansion, ghana. we continue to evaluate development alternatives for this project, currently in the feasibility stage. the project would increase profitable production by 100,000 to 125,000 ounces (first five year average) while lowering costs and off-setting the impacts of lower grades and harder ore. if approved in 2016, the additional production would be expected in 2018.
subika underground, ghana. subika underground is in the feasibility stage of development as work continues to optimize the mine plan and reduce costs. the project has the potential to produce between 150,000 and 200,000 ounces of gold per year and an investment decision is expected in 2016.        summary of consolidated financial and operating performance years ended december 31,
consolidated financial performance sales increased 6% to $7,729 in 2015 from $7,292 in 2014 as higher consolidated gold ounces and copper pounds sold more than offset lower average realized gold and copper prices. the average realized gold price decreased 9% to $1,141 per ounce in 2015 from $1,258 per ounce in 2014. the average realized copper price, including $85 of unfavorable mark to market adjustments on provisionally priced copper sales, decreased 20% to $2.13 per pound in 2015 from $2.65 per pound in 2014. consolidated gold ounces sold increased 8% to 5,677,000 ounces in 2015 from 5,240,000 ounces in 2014 due to higher production from batu hijau and north america; partially offset by lower production in africa and south america. consolidated copper pounds sold increased 123% to 589 million pounds in 2015 from 264 million pounds in 2014 primarily due to higher production at batu hijau. costs applicable to sales decreased 3% to $4,312 in 2015 compared to $4,457 in 2014 primarily due to lower per unit direct operating costs from continuous improvement projects and divestitures of higher cost operating assets, partially offset by increased production.     liquidity our financial position was as follows:
newmont stockholders' equity         $11,350           $10,274
during 2015, our debt and liquidity positions were affected by the following:
·   net cash provided by continuing operating activities of $2,157;
·   included in net cash provided by continuing operating activities are income and mining taxes paid (net of refunds) of $223;
·   capital expenditures of $1,401;
·   net cash paid for acquisition of cc&amp;v of $819;
in addition to the cash held on the balance sheet at december 31, 2015, we also maintain a $3,000 corporate revolving credit facility that matures in march 2020. at december 31, 2015, we had no borrowings outstanding under the facility.
critical accounting policies        listed below are the accounting policies that we believe are critical to our financial statements due to the degree of uncertainty regarding the estimates or assumptions involved and the magnitude of the asset, liability, revenue or expense being reported. our discussion of financial condition and results of operations is based upon the information reported in our consolidated financial statements. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap") requires us to make assumptions and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of our financial statements. we base
our assumptions and estimates on historical experience and various other sources that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from the estimates we calculate due to changes in circumstances, global economics and politics, and general business conditions. a summary of our significant accounting policies is detailed in note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. we have outlined below those policies identified as being critical to the understanding of our business and results of operations and that require the application of significant management judgment.
depreciation and amortization expenditures for new facilities or equipment and expenditures that extend the useful lives of existing facilities or equipment are capitalized and depreciated using the straight-line method at rates sufficient to amortize such costs over the estimated future lives of such facilities or equipment and their components. these lives do not exceed the estimated mine life based on proven and probable reserves as the useful lives of these assets are considered to be limited to the life of the relevant mine.
costs incurred to develop new properties are capitalized as incurred where it has been determined that the property can be economically developed based on the existence of proven and probable reserves. at our surface mines, these costs include costs to further delineate the ore body and remove overburden to initially expose the ore body. at our underground mines, these costs include the cost of building access ways, shaft sinking and access, lateral development, drift development, ramps and infrastructure development. all such costs are amortized using the units-of-production ("uop") method over the estimated life of the ore body based on estimated recoverable ounces to be produced from proven and probable reserves.
mine development costs incurred after the commencement of production are amortized using the uop method based on estimated recoverable ounces to be produced from proven and probable reserves. to the extent that such costs benefit the entire ore body, they are amortized over the estimated recoverable ounces or pounds in proven and probable reserves of the entire ore body. costs incurred to access specific ore blocks or areas that only provide benefit over the life of that block or area are amortized over the estimated recoverable ounces or pounds in proven and probable reserves of that specific ore block or area.
the calculation of the uop rate of amortization, and therefore the annual amortization charge to operations, could be materially impacted to the extent that actual production in the future is different from current forecasts of production based on proven and probable reserves. this would generally occur to the extent that there were significant changes in any of the factors or assumptions used in determining reserves. these changes could include: (i) an expansion of proven and probable reserves through exploration activities; (ii) differences between estimated and actual costs of production, due to differences in grade, metal recovery rates and foreign currency exchange rates; and (iii) differences between actual commodity prices and commodity price assumptions used in the estimation of reserves. if reserves decreased significantly, amortization charged to operations would increase; conversely, if reserves increased significantly, amortization charged to operations would decrease. such changes in reserves could similarly impact the useful lives of assets depreciated on a straight-line basis, where those lives are limited to the life of the mine, which in turn is limited to the life of the proven and probable reserves.
we record stockpiles at the lower of average cost or net realizable value ("nrv"), and carrying values are evaluated at least quarterly. nrv represents the estimated future sales price based on short-term and long-term metals prices, less estimated costs to complete production and bring the product to sale. the primary factors that influence the need to record write-downs of stockpiles include short-term and long-term metals prices and costs for production inputs such as labor, fuel and energy, materials and supplies, as well as realized ore grades and recovery rates. the company recorded write-downs to reduce the carrying value of stockpiles to net realizable value of $70, $385 and $1,040 in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, as components of cost applicable to sales and depreciation and amortization. the significant assumptions in determining the stockpile nrv for each mine site reporting unit at december 31, 2015 included production cost and capitalized expenditure assumptions unique to each operation, a long-term gold price of $1,300 per ounce, a long-term copper price of $3.00 per pound and a u.s. to australian dollar long-term exchange rate of $0.80 per a$1.00. if short-term and long-term commodity prices decrease, future processing costs increase, or other negative factors occur, it may be necessary to record a write-down of ore on stockpiles to nrv.
the nrv measurement involves the use of estimates and assumptions unique to each mining operation regarding current and future operating and capital costs, metal recoveries, production levels, commodity prices, proven and probable reserve quantities, engineering data and other factors. a high degree of judgment is involved in determining such assumptions and estimates and no assurance can be given that actual results will not differ significantly from those estimates and assumptions.
estimates of recoverable ore on the leach pads are calculated from the quantities of ore placed on the leach pads (measured tons added to the leach pads), the grade of ore placed on the leach pads (based on assay data) and a recovery percentage (based on ore type). in general, leach pads recover between 50% and 95% of the recoverable ounces in the first year of leaching, declining each year thereafter until the leaching process is complete.
although the quantities of recoverable ore placed on the leach pads are reconciled by comparing the grades of ore placed on pads to the quantities of metal actually recovered (metallurgical balancing), the nature of the leaching process inherently limits the ability to precisely monitor inventory levels. as a result, the metallurgical balancing process is constantly monitored and estimates are refined based on actual results over time. historically, our operating results have not been materially impacted by variations between the estimated and actual recoverable quantities of metal on our leach pads. variations between actual and estimated quantities resulting from changes in assumptions and estimates that do not result in write-downs to nrv are accounted for on a prospective basis. the company recorded write-downs to reduce the carrying value of leach pads to net realizable value of $272, $254 and $157 in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, as components of cost applicable to sales and depreciation and amortization. the significant assumptions in determining the nrv for each mine site reporting unit at december 31, 2015 apart from production cost and capitalized expenditure assumptions unique to each operation included a long-term gold price of $1,300 per ounce and copper price of
$3.00 per pound. if short-term and long-term commodity prices decrease, future processing costs increase, or other negative factors occur, it may be necessary to record a write-down of ore on leach pads to nrv.
carrying value of long-lived assets we review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. asset impairment is considered to exist if the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amount of the assets. an impairment loss is measured and recorded based on discounted estimated future cash flows. future cash flows are estimated based on estimated quantities of recoverable minerals, expected gold and other commodity prices (considering current and historical prices, trends and related factors), production levels, operating costs, capital requirements and reclamation costs, all based on life-of-mine plans. the significant assumptions in determining the future cash flows for each mine site reporting unit at december 31, 2015 apart from production costs and capitalized expenditure assumptions
existing proven and probable reserves and value beyond proven and probable reserves, including mineralized material that is not part of the mineralized material base, are included when determining the fair value of mine site reporting units at acquisition and, subsequently, in determining whether the assets are impaired. the term "recoverable minerals" refers to the estimated amount of gold or other commodities that will be obtained after taking into account losses during ore processing and treatment. estimates of recoverable minerals from such exploration stage mineral interests are risk adjusted based on management's relative confidence in such materials. in estimating future cash flows, assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of future cash flows from other asset groups.
as discussed above under depreciation and amortization, various factors could impact our ability to achieve our forecasted production schedules from proven and probable reserves which could impact the carrying value of our long-lived assets. the ability to achieve the estimated quantities of recoverable minerals from exploration stage mineral interests involves further risks in addition to those factors applicable to mineral interests where proven and probable reserves have been identified, due to the lower level of confidence that the identified mineralized material could ultimately be mined economically. assets classified as exploration potential have the highest level of risk that the carrying value of the asset can be ultimately realized, due to the still lower level of geological confidence and economic modeling.
events that could result in additional impairment of our long-lived assets include, but are not limited to, decreases in future metal prices, increases in foreign exchange rates, and any event that might otherwise have a material adverse effect on mine site cash flows.
derivative instruments with the exception of the call spread transactions (as described in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements), all financial instruments that meet the definition of a derivative are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded in the statements of consolidated operations, except for the effective portion of the change in fair value of derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges. management applies judgment in estimating the fair value of instruments that are highly sensitive to assumptions regarding commodity prices, market volatilities, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. variations in these factors could materially affect amounts credited or charged to earnings to reflect the changes in fair value of derivatives. certain derivative contracts are accounted for as cash flow hedges, whereby the effective portion of changes in fair value of these instruments are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and will be recognized in the statements of consolidated operations when the underlying transaction designated as the hedged item impacts earnings. the derivative contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges are designated against foreign currency expenditures and diesel purchases where management believes the forecasted transaction is probable of occurring. to the extent that management determines that the forecasted transactions are no longer probable of occurring, gains and losses deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) would be reclassified to the statements of consolidated operations immediately.      reclamation and remediation obligations reclamation costs are allocated to expense over the life of the related assets and are periodically adjusted to reflect changes in the estimated present value resulting from the passage of time and revisions to the estimates of either the timing or amount of the reclamation costs. reclamation obligations are based on when the spending for an existing environmental disturbance will occur. we review, on at least an annual basis, the reclamation obligation at each mine.
future remediation costs for inactive mines are accrued based on management's best estimate at the end of each period of the costs expected to be incurred at a site. such cost estimates include, where applicable, ongoing care, maintenance and monitoring costs. changes in estimates at inactive mines are reflected in earnings in the period an estimate is revised. water treatment costs included in environmental remediation obligations are discounted to their present value as cash flows are readily estimable. all other costs of future expenditures for environmental remediation obligations are not discounted to their present value.
accounting for reclamation and remediation obligations requires management to make estimates unique to each mining operation of the future costs we will incur to complete the reclamation and remediation work required to comply with existing laws and regulations. any such changes in future costs, the timing of reclamation activities, scope, or the exclusion of certain costs not considered reclamation and remediation costs, could materially impact the amounts charged to earnings for reclamation and
remediation. additionally, future changes to environmental laws and regulations could increase the extent of reclamation and remediation work required.
income and mining taxes we account for income taxes using the liability method, recognizing certain temporary differences between the financial reporting basis of our liabilities and assets and the related income tax basis for such liabilities and assets. this method generates either a net deferred income tax liability or asset for us, as measured by the statutory tax rates in effect. we derive our deferred income tax charge or benefit by recording the change in either the net deferred income tax liability or asset balance for the year. mining taxes represent state and provincial taxes levied on mining operations and are classified as income taxes; as such taxes are based on a percentage of mining profits. with respect to the earnings that we derive from the operations of our consolidated subsidiaries, in those situations where the earnings are indefinitely reinvested, no deferred taxes have been provided on the unremitted earnings (including the excess of the carrying value of the net equity of such entities for financial reporting purposes over the tax basis of such equity) of our consolidated companies.
our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. some of these tax regimes are defined by contractual agreements with the local government, while others are defined by general tax laws and regulations. we are subject to reviews of our income tax filings and other tax payments, and disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation of its contracts or laws. we recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. if our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional charge to expense would result. if the estimate of tax liabilities proves to be greater than the ultimate assessment, a tax benefit would result. we recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income and mining tax benefit (expense). in certain jurisdictions, we must pay a portion of the disputed amount to the local government in order to formally appeal the assessment. such payment is recorded as a receivable if we believe the amount is collectible.
valuation of deferred tax assets our deferred income tax assets include certain future tax benefits. we record a valuation allowance against any portion of those deferred income tax assets when we believe, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax asset will not be realized. we review the likelihood that we will realize the benefit of our deferred tax assets and therefore the need for valuation allowances on a quarterly basis, or more frequently if events indicate that a review is required. in determining the requirement for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial results of the legal entity or consolidated group recording the net deferred tax asset is considered, along with all other available positive and negative evidence.
certain categories of evidence carry more weight in the analysis than others based upon the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified. we look to the nature and severity of cumulative pretax losses (if any) in the current three-year period ending on the evaluation date and the existence and frequency of prior cumulative pretax losses. other factors considered in the determination of the probability of the realization of the deferred tax assets include, but are not limited to:
·   projected future financial and taxable income based upon existing reserves and long-term estimates of commodity prices;
·   nature of temporary differences and predictability of reversal patterns of existing temporary differences; and
·   the sensitivity of future forecasted results to commodity prices and other factors.
concluding that a valuation allowance is not required is difficult when there is significant negative evidence which is objective and verifiable, such as cumulative losses in recent years. we utilize a rolling twelve quarters of pre-tax income or loss as a measure of our cumulative results in recent years. however, a cumulative three year loss is not solely determinative of the need for a valuation allowance. we also consider all other available positive and negative evidence in our analysis.
gold sales decreased $118 in 2015 compared to 2014 due to a $117 per ounce decrease in the average net realized price and the sales of midas, la herradura and jundee in the prior year, partially offset by higher sales volumes at existing operations and the addition of cc&v. gold sales decreased $1,053 in 2014 compared to 2013 due to a $135 per ounce decrease in the average net realized price and a decrease of 249,000 ounces sold primarily related to the sales of midas, la herradura and jundee. for a complete discussion regarding variations in gold volumes, see results of consolidated operations below.
(2)   on october 6, 2014, the company sold its 44% interest in la herradura.
(2)   on october 6, 2014, the company sold its 44% interest in la herradura.
costs applicable to sales decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to a reduction in per unit direct operating costs from continuous improvement projects, lower fuel prices, a favorable australian dollar/u.s. dollar exchange rate and the sale of waihi in 2015 and midas, jundee and la herradura in 2014, partially offset by higher sales volumes in 2015 compared to 2014 and the addition of cc&v in 2015. costs applicable to sales decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to a reduction in direct operating costs from full potential projects and divestitures of operating assets, partially offset by the addition of akyem, which reached commercial production in the fourth quarter of 2013. direct operating costs decreased 9% in 2014 compared to 2013. for a complete discussion regarding variations in operations, see results of consolidated operations.
depreciation and amortization increased in 2015 compared to 2014 due to higher production and the addition of cc&v, partially offset by lower stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments and the sale of waihi in 2015 and midas, jundee and la herradura in 2014. depreciation and amortization expense decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 due to the sale of midas, jundee and la herradura in 2014 as well as inventory adjustments during 2013 that occurred as a result of decreases in metal prices. depreciation and amortization expense fluctuates as capital expenditures increase or decrease and as production levels increase or decrease due to the use of the units-of-production amortization method for mineral interests and mine development. for a complete discussion regarding variations in operations, see results of consolidated operations.
exploration expense decreased to $156 in 2015 from $164 in 2014 primarily due to the deconsolidation of tmac, partially offset by increased expenditures at long canyon. exploration expense decreased in 2014 from $247 in 2013 due to decreases in both brownfields and greenfields expenditures in all our regions. exploration activities in a number of countries including solomon islands and papua new guinea were discontinued in 2014.
during 2015, we reduced proven and probable reserves by 5.1 million ounces, along with 6.5 million ounces of depletion. reserve additions and reductions were primarily due to reserve conversions, reclassification of reserves to mineralized material, optimizations, model updates and updated operating costs and recoveries which resulted in net increases (before depletion) in asia pacific (2.0 million ounces) and north america (1.2 million ounces) and a net decrease in south america (5.4 million ounces) and africa (2.9 million ounces). in addition, we removed 0.3 million ounces from proven and probable reserves due to the divestment of the waihi mine.
during 2014, we increased proven and probable reserves by 1.9 million ounces, which was offset by 5.5 million ounces of depletion. reserve additions and reductions were primarily due to reserve conversions, optimizations, model updates and updated operating costs and recoveries which resulted in net increases (before depletion) in asia pacific (0.6 million ounces), south america (0.6 million ounces), north america (0.4 million ounces), and africa (0.2 million ounces). in addition, we removed 2.5 million ounces from proven and probable reserves due to the divestment of la herradura, jundee and midas operations.
during 2013, we reduced proven and probable reserves by 4.5 million ounces, along with 6.2 million ounces of depletion. reserve reductions were primarily due to updated models, revised designs, and a decrease in gold price assumptions which resulted in net decreases (before depletion) in asia pacific (3.0 million ounces), north america (1.7 million ounces), and africa (0.9 million ounces). south america reserves increased due to conversion of mineralized material at the merian project in suriname and at yanacocha (1.0 million ounces). the estimated impact of the change in gold price assumption on these reserve reductions was a decrease of 2.5 million ounces.
advanced projects, research and development expense includes development project management costs and feasibility studies. advanced projects, research and development expense decreased to $133 in 2015 from $161 in 2014 due to the sale of waihi and la herradura, deferment of various studies, the decision to advance the merian, turf shaft, and tanami expansion projects to execution as most costs are capitalized in that stage, and general reductions in project and technical services costs, partially offset by an increase to advanced projects in south america and to full potential projects that improve operating costs. advanced projects, research and development expense decreased to $161 in 2014 from $222 in 2013 due to the sale of la herradura, deferment of various studies, reductions in project and technical services costs, reduced spending at conga, and the decision to advance the merian project to execution as most costs are capitalized in that stage.
impairment of long-lived assets totaled $56, $26 and $4,352 for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the 2015 impairment was related to non-essential equipment at corporate and other and an intangible asset at ghana. the 2014 impairment was primarily related to non-essential equipment in carlin, phoenix, corporate and other and other south america, specifically for certain assets at conga that have been sold. the 2013 impairment was primarily related to assets at boddington and long canyon resulting from a decrease in the company's long-term gold and copper price assumptions combined with rising operating costs.
other expense, net was $221, $205, and $300 for 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. the increase in 2015 from 2014 is primarily due to the charge from the ratification of the ghana investment agreement and acquisition costs related to cc&v in 2015, partially offset by lower community development, restructuring and power plant costs. the decrease in 2014 from 2013 is due to lower community development, restructuring and transaction/acquisition related costs.
other income, net was $128, $157, and $349 for 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. the decrease in 2015 from 2014 is due to higher other-than-temporary impairments of investments and lower refinery income from the sale of egr, partially offset by the gain on the deconsolidation of tmac of $76 and gains on the sales of egr and waihi of $53 and $10, respectively, during the current year. the decrease in 2014 from 2013 is due to a lower gain from sale of investments and foreign currency exchange gains, partially offset by a higher gain on asset sales and lower other-than-temporary impairment of marketable equity securities. gains were recorded on the sale of midas in the first quarter of 2014 and the sale of jundee and mccoy cove, a non-operating property in nevada, in the third quarter of 2014 as well as a gain on the sale of la herradura in the fourth quarter of 2014.
interest expense, net was $325, $361 and $303 for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. capitalized interest totaled $40, $23 and $88 in each year, respectively. interest expense, net decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 due to increased capitalized interest and lower debt discount amortization. capitalized interest increased primarily due to the merian project and the addition of cc&v. interest expense, net increased in 2014 compared to 2013 due to decreased capitalized interest.
the company's income and mining tax benefit (expense) consisted of:
income (loss) before income and mining tax and other items                                  $966                             $506                                $(3,606)
reconciling items:
u.s. tax effect of minority interest attributable to non-u.s. investees        12   %             (120)          5   %             (25)          0   %                 10
income and mining tax benefit (expense)                                        66   %       $(644)              26   %       $(133)             21   %               $755
income and mining tax expense was $644 for 2015, resulting in an effective tax rate of 66%. this compares to income tax expense of $133 and a benefit of $755, or effective tax rates of 26% and 21% for 2014 and 2013, respectively. the company's effective tax rate is driven by a number of factors as illustrated in the table above. the 2015 rate differs from 2014 and 2013 primarily due to a reduction in the benefit from percentage depletion as a result of changes in the jurisdictional mix of income and an increase in the minority interest tax effect primarily due to a valuation allowance placed on net deferred tax assets in peru. in 2015, the company increased its valuation allowance because of additional foreign tax credits and uncertainty regarding the realization of the deferred tax assets associated with certain projects. this increase was mitigated by a partial release of the company's valuation allowance on the capital loss deferred tax asset. this release is due to asset divestitures and restructurings.
the company's effective tax rate is influenced by a number of factors, including the company's income, the geographic distribution of that income, the non-recognition of tax assets, percentage depletion, changes in tax laws, and the impact of specific transactions and assessments. as a result, the company expects that the effective tax rate will fluctuate, sometimes significantly, in future periods. see note 9 of the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding deferred tax assets.
valuation of deferred tax assets in the united states and australia, the company's analysis indicates that it has encountered cumulative three year historical losses as a result of significant 2013 write-downs to assets at boddington and long canyon. these write-downs were triggered by a decrease in the company's long-term gold and copper price assumptions combined with rising operating costs. however, a cumulative three year loss is not solely determinative of the need for a valuation allowance. the company also considers all other available positive and negative evidence in its analysis. this analysis, which incorporated the company's recent earnings history and forecasted future results, driven by its existing reserves and the company's forecasted long-term commodity prices, points to the full realization of those deferred tax assets not previously subject to a valuation allowance. in addition, the company expects a return back to a cumulative profit position in 2016. as a result, the company believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets that do not currently carry a valuation allowance in the united states and australia will be fully realized in the future. accordingly, the company has not placed a valuation allowance related to those net deferred tax assets.
a similar analysis was conducted in peru. based upon the same factors above and the declining production profile in peru, the company believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets in peru will not be realized in the future. accordingly, the company recorded a full valuation allowance of $188 on these assets at december 31, 2015.
no corresponding deferred income tax benefit is recognized with respect to losses incurred and no corresponding deferred income tax expense is recognized with respect to earnings generated in jurisdictions with a valuation allowance. this causes variability in the company's effective tax rate. the company intends to maintain the valuation allowance in peru until it determines that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized. if peruvian operating results improve on a sustained basis, or if certain tax planning strategies are implemented, conclusions could change, possibly resulting in a future decrease of the
the company determined that the realization of deferred tax assets related to certain carry forwards such as tax losses and tax pools in canada, capital losses in the u.s. and australia and foreign tax credits and alternative minimum tax credits in the u.s., does not meet the more likely than not standard. accordingly, these assets continue to be subject to a valuation allowance. at december 31, 2015, the valuation allowance related to these assets was $2,542. realization is dependent not only on generating sufficient taxable income in the period that net deferred tax assets reverse but also on the character/classification of that income.
for additional risk factors that could impact the company's ability to realize the deferred tax assets, see note 2 of the consolidated financial statements.
equity income (loss) of affiliates was $(45), $(4), and $(5) in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. the increased loss in 2015 from 2014 is mainly due to losses recognized at la zanja from increased exploration spending on the pampa verde project and lower gold prices impacting operating margins, and the deconsolidation of tmac whereby we now account for our current 29.37% ownership as equity income (loss) of affiliates. the equity loss from affiliates decreased slightly in 2014 from 2013 due to decreased spending at euronimba, mostly offset by decreased earnings from la zanja.
income (loss) from discontinued operations includes a retained royalty obligation ("holt") from holloway mining company. holloway mining company, which owned the holt-mcdermott property, was sold to st. andrew goldfields ltd. ("st. andrew") in 2006. the company records adjustments based on short and long-term gold prices, discount rate assumptions and resource estimates published by st. andrew. in 2015, we recognized a $27 gain, net of tax loss of $11. in 2014, we recognized a $40 loss, net of tax gain of $18. in 2013, we recognized a $61 gain, net of tax loss of $28. due to the nature of the sliding scale royalty calculation, changes in expected production, discount rates and gold price could have a significant impact on the fair value of the liability.
other comprehensive income (loss) was $144, ($301), and ($671) in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. the increase in 2015 from 2014 was mainly due to unrealized gains in the regis resources investment compared to unrealized losses in the prior year which were subsequently recognized as impairments in early 2015, in addition to unrealized gains from a decrease of the pension liability compared to a significant unrealized loss in the prior year. the loss decreased in 2014 from 2013 due to the sale of the canadian oil sands investment in 2013 which recognized gains previously unrealized in addition to significant unrealized losses in hedging instruments mainly due to the decrease in oil and australia dollar foreign exchange rates.
costs applicable to sales per consolidated gold ounce and copper pound sold decreased 10% and 58%, respectively, due to lower direct operating costs primarily due to lower fuel prices and a favorable australian dollar/u.s. dollar exchange rate, in addition to higher gold and copper production and lower stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments from higher ore grade mined.
all-in sustaining costs (2) per consolidated gold ounce and copper pound decreased 10% and 56%, respectively, primarily due to lower operating costs, a reduction in sustaining capital spend and  higher metal sales.
consolidated copper pounds produced increased 3% primarily due to a full year of production from the phoenix copper leach facility.
costs applicable to sales per consolidated gold ounce sold decreased 9% as a result of 11% lower direct operating costs from continuous improvement projects, lower cost production at akyem and higher inventory adjustments in the prior year associated with lower gold prices. costs applicable to sales per consolidated copper pound sold decreased 30% due to accessing phase 6 ore at batu hijau, lower direct operating costs and higher inventory adjustments in the prior year associated with lower copper prices.
all-in sustaining costs per consolidated gold ounce and copper pound decreased 10% and 28%, respectively, primarily due to lower operating costs and lower sustaining capital spend, partially offset by lower gold ounces sold.
(3)   on october 6, 2014, the company sold its 44% interest in la herradura.
carlin, nevada, usa. gold ounces produced decreased 2% primarily due to lower leach placement and recoveries at south area leach and emigrant. costs applicable to sales per ounce increased 1% due to lower production and higher underground operating costs at leeville, partially offset by lower oil prices. depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 25% due to lower production, higher capital additions and stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments in the current year. all-in sustaining costs per ounce increased 6% due to lower production, higher underground operating costs at leeville and higher sustaining capital, partially offset by lower oil prices.
phoenix, nevada, usa. gold ounces produced decreased 3% due to lower mill throughput, partially offset by higher grade and recovery. copper pounds produced were in line with prior year. costs applicable to sales per ounce increased 14% primarily due to lower production, lower by-product credits and a higher co-product allocation of costs to gold due to changes in the gold and copper revenue percentages, partially offset by lower oil prices. costs applicable to sales per pound decreased 17% due to a lower co-product allocation of costs to copper due to changes in the gold and copper revenue percentages and lower oil prices, partially offset by lower by-product credits. depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 33% due to a higher co-product allocation of costs to gold due to changes in the gold and copper revenue percentages, lower production and higher capital additions. depreciation and amortization per pound increased 15% due to higher capital additions, partially offset by a lower co-product allocation of costs to copper due to changes in the gold and copper revenue percentages. all-in sustaining costs per ounce increased 11% due to lower production, lower by-product credits and a higher co-product allocation of costs to gold due to changes in the gold and copper revenue percentages, partially offset by lower oil prices and lower sustaining capital spend. all-in sustaining costs per pound decreased 19% due to lower oil prices, lower sustaining capital spend and a lower co-product allocation of costs to copper due to changes in the gold and copper revenue percentages, partially offset by lower by-product credits.
twin creeks, nevada, usa. gold ounces produced increased 21% due to higher leached tons and mill grade as a result of completing a stripping campaign and from higher mill throughput. costs applicable to sales per ounce increased 1% due to lower capitalization of waste tons, partially offset by higher production and lower oil prices. depreciation and amortization per ounce were in line with prior year. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 20% due to higher production and lower oil prices.
cripple creek and victor, colorado, usa. we purchased 100% of the cripple creek & victor gold mining business in colorado from anglogold ashanti limited on august 3, 2015.
carlin, nevada, usa. gold ounces produced decreased 12% primarily due to planned stripping campaigns, partially offset by higher mill 6 throughput and higher mill 5 recovery as a result of continuous improvement projects. costs applicable to sales per ounce increased 16% due to lower ounces sold and the planned stripping campaign at gold quarry. this was partially offset by lower operating costs associated with continuous improvement projects. depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 28% due to lower ounces sold and higher inventory adjustments. all-in sustaining costs per ounce increased 11% due to lower ounces sold and the planned stripping campaign at gold quarry.
phoenix, nevada, usa. gold ounces produced decreased 10% due to planned lower grades mined and lower mill throughput as a result of harder ore, partially offset by higher recoveries. copper pounds produced increased 31% due to production from the phoenix copper leach facility which was completed in the fourth quarter of 2013. costs applicable to sales per ounce decreased 2% due to lower operating costs as well as a higher allocation of costs to copper. costs applicable to sales per pound increased 36% due to lower copper mill grade and higher allocation of costs to copper. depreciation and amortization increased 13% per ounce and 8% per pound due to higher amortization rates and a full year of the phoenix copper leach facility in commercial production. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 3% due to lower operating costs in addition to a lower allocation of costs to gold. all-in sustaining costs per pound increased 19% due to lower copper mill grade in addition to a higher allocation of costs to copper.
twin creeks, nevada, usa. gold ounces produced decreased 24% following the sale of midas as well as a planned stripping campaign. costs applicable to sales per ounce decreased 2% primarily due to lower operating costs associated with continuous improvement projects. depreciation and amortization per ounce decreased 30% due to the midas sale. all-in sustaining costs per ounce increased 23% due to lower ounces sold as a result of the planned stripping campaign.
la herradura, mexico. gold ounces produced decreased 32% due to the sale of la herradura during the fourth quarter and the timing of leach recoveries as the mine ramped back up to full production following the receipt of the explosives permit. costs applicable to sales per ounce decreased 23% due to higher leach placement with the ramp up of production after receiving the explosives permit. depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 31% due to the new mill and additional mining equipment as well as lower production. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 35% due to higher production primarily as a result of higher leach placement in addition to lower sustaining capital spend. on october 6, 2014, we completed the sale of our 44% interest in la herradura to fresnillo.
yanacocha, peru. gold production decreased 5% primarily due to lower mill throughput, recovery and grade, partially offset by  higher leach production from higher ore tons placed from la quinua, cerro negro and tapado oeste. costs applicable to sales per ounce decreased 13% due to lower operating costs, partially offset by lower production, higher inventory adjustments and unfavorable by-product credits. depreciation and amortization per ounce were in line with prior year. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 7% due to lower costs applicable to sales, partially offset by higher sustaining capital spend.
yanacocha, peru. gold production decreased 5% primarily due to lower leach production from fewer ounces on leach pads at the beginning of the period. costs applicable to sales per ounce increased 2% due to lower production, partially offset by lower production costs as a result of continuous improvement projects that increased haul efficiency including fuel and tire savings. depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 7% due to higher asset retirement costs and lower ounces sold. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 6% due to lower costs applicable to sales in addition to lower sustaining capital and other expense.
boddington, australia. gold production increased 14% primarily due to higher ore grade milled and higher mill throughput as a result of increased mill utilization and higher recovery. copper production increased 14% due to higher ore grade milled and higher mill throughput and recovery. costs applicable to sales per ounce decreased 18% due to higher production, lower stockpile inventory adjustments, a favorable foreign currency exchange rate and lower oil prices, partially offset by a higher co-product allocation of costs to gold due to changes in the gold and copper revenue percentages. costs applicable to sales per pound decreased 29% primarily due to higher production, a favorable foreign currency exchange rate, lower oil prices, lower stockpile inventory adjustments, lower selling costs and a lower co-product allocation of costs to copper due to changes in the gold and copper revenue percentages. depreciation and amortization decreased 7% per ounce and 18% per pound due to higher production and lower stockpile inventory adjustments. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 18% due to higher production, lower costs applicable to sales and lower sustaining capital spend, partially offset by a higher co-product allocation of costs to gold due to changes in the gold and copper revenue percentages. all-in sustaining costs per pound decreased 33% due to higher production, lower costs applicable to sales, lower sustaining capital spend and a lower co-product allocation of costs to copper due to changes in the gold and copper revenue percentages.
tanami, australia. gold ounces produced increased 26% mainly due to higher ore grade milled as a result of higher ore grade mined and higher throughput from increased mill utilization and increased ore tons mined. costs applicable to sales per ounce decreased 29% due to higher production, lower operating costs as a result of higher capital mine development, a favorable foreign currency exchange rate and lower oil prices, partially offset by higher mill maintenance and site support costs. depreciation and amortization per ounce decreased 9% primarily due to higher production. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 30% due to higher production, lower costs applicable to sales and lower sustaining capital spend.
waihi, new zealand. gold ounces produced decreased 10% as a result of the sale of waihi on october 29, 2015. costs applicable to sales per ounce decreased 19% mainly due to reduced operating costs, a favorable foreign currency exchange rate and lower oil prices. depreciation and amortization per ounce decreased 32% primarily due to the suspension of open pit activities. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 21% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales. the sale of waihi to oceanagold corporation was completed on october 29, 2015.
kalgoorlie, australia. gold ounces produced decreased 4% primarily due to lower mill recovery and a draw-down of gold in circuit inventory in the prior year, partially offset by higher ore grade milled. costs applicable to sales per ounce decreased 2% due to a favorable foreign currency exchange rate and lower oil prices, partially offset by lower production. depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 18% due to lower production and higher amortization rates. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 4% due to lower costs applicable to sales and lower sustaining capital spend, partially offset by lower production. on may 1, 2015, newmont assumed management oversight of the kalgoorlie operations, under the new management services agreement signed by the joint venture partners. newmont maintained its ownership percentage at 50%.
amortization decreased 33% per ounce and 27% per pound, respectively, due to the impact of the prior year asset impairment and inventory adjustments from decreases in metal prices in the prior year. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 20% due to lower costs applicable to sales and lower sustaining capital spend, partially offset by lower production. all-in sustaining costs per pound decreased 8% primarily due to higher production, lower costs applicable to sales and lower sustaining capital spend, partially offset by higher treatment and refining costs.
tanami, australia. gold ounces produced increased 7% mainly as a result of improved mining rates. these were primarily due to higher truck utilization and stope availability leading to higher tons mined and higher mill throughput as a result of sustainable process improvements through full potential projects. costs applicable to sales decreased 13% per ounce due to higher production coupled with lower underground mining costs as well as lower milling costs on a unit basis as a result of higher tons milled. depreciation and amortization decreased 16% per ounce due to higher production and higher reserves. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 11% due to lower costs applicable to sales and higher production.
waihi, new zealand. gold ounces produced increased 20% due to higher mill throughput as a result of higher ore tons mined partially offset by planned lower ore grade milled. costs applicable to sales decreased 38% per ounce due to higher production and lower mining and milling costs on a unit basis. depreciation and amortization decreased 35% per ounce due to higher production. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 36% due to lower costs applicable to sale, lower sustaining capital spend and higher production.
kalgoorlie, australia. gold ounces produced decreased 1% primarily due to lower throughput. costs applicable to sales decreased 17% per ounce and depreciation and amortization decreased 20% per ounce due to higher production, and the impact of the inventory adjustments from the decrease in gold price in the prior year. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 11% due to lower costs applicable to sale, partially offset by higher sustaining capital spend and lower production.
batu hijau, indonesia. gold production increased 58% due to higher ore grade and higher recovery as a result of accessing phase 6 ore partially offset by lower mill throughput associated with the period of care and maintenance. copper production decreased 3% due to lower mill throughput associated with the period of care and maintenance partially offset by higher ore grade and higher recovery. costs applicable to sales decreased 52% per ounce and 37% per pound, respectively, due to higher gold production, lower production costs, and inventory adjustments as a result of decreases in metal prices in 2013. depreciation and amortization decreased 43% per ounce and 23% per pound, respectively, due to inventory adjustments as a result of decreases in metal prices in 2013. all-in sustaining costs per ounce decreased 49% due to a combination of lower costs applicable to sales, lower sustaining capital spend and higher production. all-in sustaining costs per pound decreased 35% due to a combination of lower costs applicable to sales and lower sustaining capital spend, partially offset by lower production.
ahafo, ghana. gold production decreased 25% primarily due to lower ore grade milled, lower throughput as a result of load shedding requirements related to the power shortage in ghana and lower mill recovery from changes in ore blend, partially offset by a reduction of in-circuit inventory. costs applicable to sales per ounce increased 11% primarily due to lower production, partially offset by lower oil prices. depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 18% due to lower production, partially offset by lower amortization rates. all-in sustaining costs per ounce increased 5% due to lower production, partially offset by lower sustaining capital spend and lower operating expenses.
akyem, ghana. gold production was in line with prior year mainly due to higher ore grade milled and a reduction of in-circuit inventory, offset by lower throughput as a result of load shedding requirements related to the power shortage in ghana. costs applicable to sales per ounce increased 20% due to higher mining and site support costs, partially offset by higher production and lower oil prices and milling costs. depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 11% due to higher amortization rates, partially offset by higher production. all-in sustaining costs per ounce increased 35% due to higher operating costs and higher sustaining capital spend.
ahafo, ghana. gold production decreased 22% due to lower mill throughput from depletion of oxide ore and lower grade ores available for mill feed. costs applicable to sales per ounce increased 2% due to lower production, partially offset by lower direct operating costs from process improvement projects. depreciation and amortization and all-in sustaining costs per ounce were in line with prior period.
akyem, ghana. gold production increased 266% due to a full year production from akyem. costs applicable to sales and depreciation and amortization per ounce increased 47% and 77%, respectively, due to lower production from lower grade ore processed and capitalization of mine related development costs in 2013 as compared to 2014. all-in sustaining costs per ounce increased 27% due to higher operating costs and sustaining capital spend, partially offset by higher production.
foreign currency exchange rates foreign currency exchange rates can increase or decrease profit margins and costs applicable to sales to the extent costs are paid in foreign currencies. such fluctuations have not had a material impact on our revenue since gold and copper are sold throughout the world principally in u.s. dollars. approximately 35%, 41% and 47% of our costs applicable to sales were paid in currencies other than the u.s. dollar in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our costs applicable to sales are most significantly impacted by variations in the australian dollar/u.s. dollar exchange rate.
we hedge a portion of our forecasted australian dollar denominated operating expenditures. at december 31, 2015, we have hedged 12%, 8%, and 4% of our forecasted australian denominated operating costs in 2016, 2017, and 2018, respectively, at an average rate of 0.95, 0.93 and 0.92, respectively.
foreign currency exchange rates have not had a material impact on our determination of proven and probable reserves. however, if a sustained weakening of the u.s. dollar in relation to the australian dollar, and/or to other foreign currencies that impact our cost structure, were not mitigated by offsetting increases in the u.s. dollar gold price or by other factors, the amount of proven and probable reserves in the applicable foreign country could be reduced as certain proven and probable reserves may no longer be economic. the extent of any such reduction would be dependent on a variety of factors including the length of time of any such weakening of the u.s. dollar, and management's long-term view of the applicable exchange rate. future reductions of proven and probable reserves could result in reduced gold or copper sales and increased amortization and, depending on the level of reduction, could also result in impairments of property, plant and mine development, mineral interests and/or goodwill.
liquidity and capital resources        operating activities net cash provided by continuing operating activities was $2,157 in 2015, an increase of $706 from 2014 primarily due to an increase in consolidated gold ounces sold and copper pounds sold, a decrease in direct operating costs and an improvement in working capital, partially offset by lower average realized gold and copper prices. net cash provided by continuing operating activities was $1,451 in 2014, a decrease of $110 from 2013 primarily due to lower average realized gold and copper prices and lower consolidated gold ounces sold, partially offset by a decrease in direct operating costs and an improvement in working capital.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $2,041 in 2015 compared to $507 and $1,313 in 2014 and 2013, respectively, for the reasons explained below.
additions to property, plant and mine development were $1,401, $1,110 and $1,900, during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, as follows:
decrease (increase) in accrued capital expenditures and other non-cash adjustments              (67)                  11                  88
(2)   on october 6, 2014, the company sold its 44% interest in la herradura.
capital expenditures in north america during 2015 included $116 for the development of the long canyon project, $102 for surface and underground mine development, $80 for the development of the turf vent shaft project, $53 for the mine life extension project at cc&v, $43 for tailings facility construction and $41 for capitalized component purchases. capital expenditures in south america included $29 for construction of water treatment facilities, $28 for tailings facility expansion, $14 for capitalized component purchases and $14 for infrastructure improvements. capital expenditures in asia pacific included $121 for mining equipment and equipment components, $63 for underground mine development, $39 for equipment used in the process facilities and $13 for tailings and support facility construction and upgrades. capital expenditures in africa included $33 for tailings facility expansion, $31 for regional back up or supplemental power, $15 for capitalized component purchases, $12 for the subika underground project and $7 for the ahafo mill expansion. capital expenditures in corporate and other included $356 for the merian project.
capital expenditures in north america during 2014 included $63 for the development of the turf vent shaft project, $144 for surface and underground mine development, $51 for tailings facility upgrades and $37 for capitalized components in nevada, as well as $14 for surface mine development and $7 for reserve conversion drilling in mexico. capital expenditures in south america included $37 related to the conga project, $36 for tailings and other infrastructure improvements and $27 for capitalized mining equipment components. capital expenditures in asia pacific were $88 for underground mine development, $80 for mining equipment
and equipment components, $41 for equipment used in the process facilities, $38 for tailings and support facility construction and upgrades and $21 for equipment purchases and rebuilds. capital expenditures in africa were $10 for pre-development work at the subika underground project, $36 for primary mining equipment and equipment components, $31 for tailings facility expansions, $12 for land purchases and $10 for mill facility upgrades. capital expenditures in corporate were $74 for the merian project development and $9 for software development and upgrades.
capital expenditures in north america during 2013 included $91 for the construction of the phoenix copper leach project, $83 for the development of the turf vent shaft project, $106 for surface and underground mine development, $60 for tailings and mill facility upgrades and $26 for other infrastructure improvements in nevada, as well as $74 for surface mine development and $28 for mill construction in mexico. capital expenditures in south america included $190 related to the conga project, $54 for tailings and other infrastructure improvements, $49 for leach pad expansions, $35 for surface mine development and $25 for mining and support equipment. capital expenditures in asia pacific were $111 for underground and surface mine development, $155 for mining equipment purchases, $55 for tailings facility construction and $48 for mill facilities and support infrastructure improvements and upgrades. capital expenditures in africa were $240 for akyem project development, $28 for the subika expansion project and $20 for the ahafo mill expansion project, as well as $50 for equipment purchases and $12 for surface mine development at ahafo. capital expenditures in corporate were primarily related to the merian project.
during 2015, 2014 and 2013, $107, $65 and $64, respectively, of drilling and related costs were capitalized and included in mine development costs. these capitalized costs included $41 at north america, $7 at south america, $50 at asia pacific and $9 at africa in 2015; $31 at north america, $30 at asia pacific and $4 at africa in 2014 and $31 at north america, $11 at south america, $10 at asia pacific and $12 at africa in 2013.
during 2015, 2014 and 2013, $12, $79 and $107, respectively, of pre-stripping costs were capitalized and included in mine development costs. pre-stripping costs included the west central pit in north america in 2015; mega pit in north america and marleny pits in south america in 2014; and the akyem pit in africa, star complex pits in north america and marleny pits in south america in 2013.
acquisitions, net. during 2015, we purchased the cc&v gold mining business in colorado from anglogold ashanti limited for $819 ($821 consideration, net of $2 cash acquired) and we purchased $4 in mineral interests. during 2014, we purchased the remaining 20% noncontrolling interest in the merian project. subsequent to this purchase, we sold a 25% noncontrolling interest in the merian project to the government of suriname which was reported as financing activities. during 2013, we paid $13 in contingent payments in accordance with the 2009 boddington acquisition agreement.
sales of investments and purchases of investments. during 2015, we received $29 primarily from the maturity of a certificate of deposit for $25. during 2014, we purchased investments of $26 and we received proceeds of $25 primarily from the sale of paladin energy ltd. securities. during 2013, we purchased corporate debt securities and other marketable securities of $1 and we received proceeds of $589 primarily from the sale of canadian oil sands securities.
financing activities net cash provided by (used in) financing activities was $296 in 2015, compared to $(65) and $(212) in 2014 and 2013, respectively, for the reasons explained below.
proceeds from debt, net and repayment of debt. during 2015, we retired $454 of debt, of which $225 was for the ptnnt revolving credit facility, $200 was for the 2019 term loan facility and $25 was for debt in africa. during 2014, we received net proceeds from debt of $601, of which $575 was from the 2019 term loan facility. during 2014, we repaid $686, including $575 on our 2014 convertible senior notes and $100 on the 2019 term loan facility. during 2013, we received net proceeds from debt of $1,538, including $1,024 from our corporate revolving credit facility and $475 from the ptnnt revolving credit facility. during 2013, we repaid $1,150, including $1,024 on our corporate revolving credit facility and $100 on the ptnnt revolving credit facility.
scheduled minimum debt repayments are $143 in 2016, $765 in 2017, $nil in 2018, $1,175 in 2019, $nil in 2020 and $4,200 thereafter. we generally expect to be able to fund maturities of debt from net cash provided by operating activities, short-term investments, existing cash balances and available credit facilities. depending upon market conditions and strategic considerations, we may choose to refinance some maturing debt in the capital markets.
proceeds from stock issuance, net. during 2015, we received $675 in net proceeds from a common stock issuance. we used the proceeds from the common stock sale, supplemented with cash from our balance sheet, to fund the acquisition of the cripple creek & victor gold mining business in colorado from anglogold ashanti limited. we received proceeds of $2 during 2013 from the issuance of common stock, primarily related to employee stock sales and option exercises.
acquisition of noncontrolling interests. during 2015, 2014 and 2013, we advanced certain funds to ptpi, a noncontrolling shareholder of ptnnt, in accordance with a loan agreement. our economic interest in ptnnt did not change as a result of these transactions.
dividends paid to common stockholders. we paid annual dividends of $0.100, $0.225 and $1.225 per common share during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. additionally, newmont mining corporation of canada limited, a subsidiary of the company, paid an annual dividend of c$1.2576 during 2013. on february 11, 2016, we declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.025 per share, payable march 24, 2016 to holders of record at the close of business on march 10, 2016. total dividends paid to common stockholders were $52, $114 and $610 in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
discontinued operations net cash used in discontinued operations was $12 in 2015, compared to $13 and $18 in 2014 and 2013, respectively. discontinued operations in 2015, 2014 and 2013 relate to payments on the holt property royalty.      corporate revolving credit facilities in may 2011, the company entered into a $2,500 revolving credit facility which was subsequently increased to $3,000. the facility is with a syndicate of commercial banks, provides for borrowings in u.s. dollars and contains a letter of credit sub-facility. facility fees vary based on the credit ratings of the company's senior, uncollateralized, long-term debt. borrowings under the facility bear interest at a market based rate plus a margin determined by the company's credit rating. during 2015, the credit facility was extended to march 3, 2020. fees and other debt issuance costs related to the extension of the facility were capitalized and will be amortized over the term of the facility. at december 31, 2015, the company had no borrowings outstanding under the facility. there was $87 and $141 outstanding on the sub-facility letters of credit at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
in september 2013, the company entered into a letter of credit facility agreement ("lc agreement") with bnp paribas, new york branch. the lc agreement established a $175 letter of credit facility for a three year period to support reclamation obligations. the lc agreement had a balance of $153 and $172 at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
debt covenants        the company's senior notes and revolving credit facilities contain various covenants and default provisions including payment defaults, limitation on liens, leases, sales and leaseback agreements and merger restrictions.
the corporate revolving credit facility contains a financial ratio covenant requiring the company to maintain a net debt (total debt net of cash and cash equivalents) to total capitalization ratio of less than or equal to 62.50% in addition to the covenants noted
above. furthermore, the corporate revolving credit facility contains covenants limiting the sale of all or substantially all of the company's assets, certain change of control provisions and a negative pledge on certain assets.
the ptnnt revolving credit facility requires ptnnt to maintain certain financial ratios and to comply with certain terms and conditions with regards to its mine plan, contract of work, export permit and duty, dividends, financing activities, leasing, investments and other matters.
at december 31, 2015 and 2014, we were in compliance with all debt covenants and provisions related to potential defaults.
shelf registration statement in september 2015, we filed with the securities and exchange commission (the "sec") a shelf registration statement on form s-3 which enables the company to issue an indeterminate number or amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, guarantees of debt securities and warrants from time to time at indeterminate prices. it also included the resale of an indeterminate amount of common stock, preferred stock and debt securities from time to time upon exercise of warrants or conversion of convertible securities.      contractual obligations our contractual obligations at december 31, 2015 are summarized as follows:
capital lease obligations (2)                                25                 7                15                 2                  1
remediation and reclamation liabilities (3)               2,448                86               319               247              1,796
employee-related benefits (4)                               853                95               174               138                446
uncertain income tax liabilities and interest (5)            77                 -                 -                 -                 77
(3)   mining operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations in the jurisdictions in which they operate. pursuant to environmental regulations, we are required to close our operations and reclaim and remediate the lands that operations have disturbed. the estimated undiscounted cash outflows of these reclamation and remediation liabilities are reflected here. for more information regarding reclamation and remediation liabilities, see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
(4)   contractual obligations for employee-related benefits include severance, workers' participation, pension and other benefit plans. pension plan benefit payments beyond 2025 cannot be reasonably estimated given variable market conditions and actuarial assumptions and are not included.
(5)   we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of our uncertain income tax liabilities and interest payments beyond 2015 due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions.
(7)   purchase obligations are not recorded in the consolidated financial statements. purchase obligations represent contractual obligations for purchase of power, materials and supplies, consumables, inventories and capital projects.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have the following off-balance sheet arrangements: operating leases (as discussed in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements) and $2,060 of outstanding letters of credit, surety bonds and bank guarantees (see note 30 to the consolidated financial statements). at december 31, 2015, $87 of the $3,000 corporate revolving credit facility was used to secure the issuance of letters of credit, primarily supporting reclamation obligations.
we also have sales agreements or commitments to sell copper and gold concentrates at market prices as follows (in thousands of tons):
other liquidity matters at december 31, 2015, the company had $2,782 in cash and cash equivalents, of which $1,578 was held in foreign subsidiaries and is primarily held in u.s. dollar denominated accounts with the remainder in foreign currencies readily convertible to u.s. dollars. at december 31, 2015, $692 of the consolidated cash and cash equivalents was attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily related to our indonesian and peruvian operations which is being held to fund those operations and development projects. at december 31, 2015, $1,511 in consolidated cash and cash equivalents ($837 attributable to newmont) was held at certain foreign subsidiaries that, if repatriated, may be subject to withholding taxes. the repatriation of this cash and the applicable withholding taxes would generate foreign tax credits in the u.s. as a result, we expect that there would be no additional tax burden upon repatriation after considering the cash cost associated with the withholding taxes.
we believe that our liquidity and capital resources from u.s. operations and flow-through foreign subsidiaries are adequate to fund our u.s. operations and corporate activities.
environmental        our mining and exploration activities are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. we have made, and expect to make in the future, expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations, but cannot predict the full amount of such future expenditures. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, $1,553 and $1,497, respectively, were accrued for reclamation costs relating to currently or recently producing or development stage mineral properties, of which $37 and $42, respectively, were classified as current liabilities.
in addition, we are involved in several matters concerning environmental obligations associated with former mining activities. based upon our best estimate of our liability for these matters, $318 and $192 were accrued for such obligations at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we spent $41, $43 and $36 during 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively, for environmental obligations related to the former, primarily historic, mining activities and have classified $34 and $41 as a current liability at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. expenditures during 2015, 2014, and 2013 relate primarily to the dawn mill and mine site design in washington state, the settlement payment with the state of california related to the empire mine remediation and past costs, the con mine in canada which was acquired as part of the miramar acquisition and resurrection, a mine site in leadville, colorado.
during the year ended 2015, 2014, and 2013, capital expenditures were approximately $160, $131, and $94 respectively, to comply with environmental regulations.
for more information on the company's reclamation and remediation liabilities, see notes 5 and 30 to the consolidated financial statements.
forward-looking statements        the foregoing discussion and analysis, as well as certain information contained elsewhere in this annual report, contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created thereby. see the discussion in forward-looking statements in item 1, business.
non-gaap financial measures        non-gaap financial measures are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standard meaning prescribed by generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). these measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap.
earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization management uses earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") and ebitda adjusted for non-core or certain items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period ("adjusted ebitda") as non-gaap measures to evaluate the company's operating performance. ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not represent, and should not be considered an alternative to, net earnings (loss), operating earnings (loss), or cash flow from operations as those terms are defined by gaap, and does not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. although adjusted ebitda and similar measures are frequently used as measures of operations and the ability to meet debt service requirements by other companies, our calculation of adjusted ebitda is not necessarily comparable to such other similarly titled captions of other companies. the company believes that adjusted ebitda provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. management's determination of the components of adjusted ebitda are evaluated periodically and based, in part, on a review of non-gaap financial measures used by mining industry analysts. net income (loss) attributable to newmont stockholders is reconciled to ebitda and adjusted ebitda as follows:
equity loss (income) of affiliates                                        45                   4                    5
income and mining tax expense (benefit)                                  644                 133                (755)
interest expense, net of capitalized interest                            325                 361                  303
ebitda                                                                $2,530              $2,096             $(1,941)
acquisition costs                                                         19                   -                    -
adjusted ebitda                                                       $2,732              $2,125               $2,324
adjusted net income (loss)        management uses adjusted net income (loss) to evaluate the company's operating performance, and for planning and forecasting future business operations. the company believes the use of adjusted net income (loss) allows investors and analysts to understand the results of the continuing operations of the company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries relating to the production and sale of minerals, by excluding certain items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period. the net income (loss) adjustments are presented net of tax generally at the company's statutory effective tax rate of 35% and net of our partners' noncontrolling interests when applicable. the impact of the adjustments through the company's valuation allowance is shown separately. the tax valuation allowance adjustment includes items such as foreign tax credits, alternative minimum tax credits, capital losses and disallowed foreign losses. management's determination of the components of adjusted net income (loss) are evaluated periodically and based, in part, on a review of non-gaap financial measures used by mining industry analysts. net income (loss) attributable to newmont stockholders is reconciled to adjusted net income (loss) as follows:
acquisition costs (5)                                                         12                    -                     -
acquisition costs, net of taxes                                             0.02                    -                     -
acquisition costs, net of taxes                                             0.02                    -                     -
(1)   loss (income) from discontinued operations is presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $11, $(18) and $28, respectively.
(2)   impairment of investments is presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $(41), $(6) and $(13), respectively.
(3)   impairment of long-lived assets is presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $(20), $(6) and $(1,566), respectively and amounts attributed to noncontrolling interest income (expense) of $(14), $(9) and $(3), respectively.
(4)   restructuring and other is presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $(12), $(13) and $(23), respectively and amounts attributed to noncontrolling interest income (expense) of $(5), $(6) and $(8), respectively.
(5)   acquisition costs are presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $(7), $- and $-, respectively.
(6)   loss (gain) on asset and investment sales are presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $49, $72 and $38, respectively and amounts attributed to noncontrolling interest expense (income) of $-, $- and $2, respectively.
(7)   gain on deconsolidation of tmac is presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $27, $- and $-, respectively.
(8)   reclamation charges are presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $(51), $(5) and $-, respectively.
(9)   ghana investment agreement is presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $(9), $- and $-, respectively.
(10)   abnormal production cost at batu hijau is presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $-, $32 and $-, respectively and amounts attributed to noncontrolling interest income (expense) of $-, $30 and $-, respectively.
(11)   boddington contingent consideration (gain) loss is presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $-, $- and $6, respectively.
(12)   tmac transaction costs is presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $-, $- and $(15), respectively.
free cash flow management uses free cash flow as a non-gaap measure to analyze cash flows generated from operations. free cash flow is net cash provided by operating activities plus net cash used in discontinued operations less additions to property, plant and mine development as presented on the statements of consolidated cash flows. the company believes free cash flow is also useful as one of the bases for comparing the company's performance with its competitors. although free cash flow and similar measures are frequently used as measures of cash flows generated from operations by other companies, the company's calculation of free cash flow is not necessarily comparable to such other similarly titled captions of other companies.
the presentation of non-gaap free cash flow is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income as an indicator of the company's performance, or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity as those terms are defined by gaap, and does not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. the company's definition of free cash flow is limited in that it does not represent residual cash flows available for discretionary expenditures due to the fact that the measure does not deduct the payments required for debt service and other contractual obligations or payments made for business acquisitions. therefore, the company believes it is important to view free cash flow as a measure that provides supplemental information to the company's statements of consolidated cash flows.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of free cash flow, a non-gaap financial measure, to net cash provided by operating activities, which the company believes to be the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to free cash flow, as well as information regarding net cash used in investing activities and net cash used in financing activities.
net cash provided by operating activities                             $2,145         $1,438                $1,543
net cash provided by continuing operating activities                   2,157                 1,451                1,561
less: additions to property, plant and mine development              (1,401)               (1,110)                (1,900)
net cash used in investing activities (1)                           $(2,041)         $(507)                $(1,313)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                     $296         $(65)                 $(212)
(1)   net cash used in investing activities includes additions to property, plant and mine development, which is included in the company's computation of free cash flow.
costs applicable to sales per ounce/pound costs applicable to sales per ounce/pound are non-gaap financial measures. these measures are calculated by dividing the costs applicable to sales of gold and copper by gold ounces or copper pounds sold, respectively. these measures are calculated on a consistent basis for the periods presented on a consolidated basis. costs applicable to sales per ounce/pound statistics are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. the measures are not necessarily indicative of operating profit or cash flow from operations as determined under gaap. other companies may calculate these measures differently.
(1)   includes by-product credits of $50, $68 and $98 in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(2)   includes by-product credits of $23, $17 and $13 in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
all-in sustaining costs        newmont has worked to develop a metric that expands on gaap measures such as cost of goods sold and non-gaap measures, such as costs applicable to sales per ounce, to provide visibility into the economics of our mining operations related to expenditures, operating performance and the ability to generate cash flow from operations.
current gaap measures used in the mining industry, such as cost of goods sold, do not capture all of the expenditures incurred to discover, develop, and sustain gold production. therefore, we believe that all-in sustaining costs is a non-gaap measure that provides additional information to management, investors, and analysts that aid in the understanding of the economics of our operations and performance compared to other producers and in the investor's visibility by better defining the total costs associated with production.
all-in sustaining cost ("aisc") amounts are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. the measures are not necessarily indicative of operating profit or cash flow from operations as determined under gaap. other companies may calculate these measures differently as a result of differences in the underlying accounting principles, policies applied and in accounting frameworks such as in international financial reporting standards ("ifrs"), or by reflecting the benefit from selling non-gold metals as a reduction to aisc. differences may also arise related to definitional differences of sustaining versus development capital activities based upon each company's internal policies.
cost applicable to sales - includes all direct and indirect costs related to current gold production incurred to execute the current mine plan. costs applicable to sales ("cas") includes by-product credits from certain metals obtained during the process of extracting and processing the primary ore-body. cas is accounted for on an accrual basis and excludes amortization and reclamation and remediation, which is consistent with our presentation of cas on the statement of consolidated income. in determining aisc, only the cas associated with producing and selling an ounce of gold is included in the measure. therefore, the amount of gold cas included in aisc is derived from the cas presented in the company's statement of consolidated income less the amount of cas attributable to the production of copper at our phoenix, boddington and batu hijau mines. the copper cas at those mine sites is disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. the allocation of cas between gold and copper at the phoenix, boddington and batu hijau mines is based upon the relative sales percentage of copper and gold sold during the period.
remediation costs - includes accretion expense related to asset retirement obligations ("aro") and the amortization of the related asset retirement cost ("arc") for the company's operating properties recorded as an arc asset. accretion related to aro and the amortization of the arc assets for reclamation and remediation do not reflect annual cash outflows but are calculated in accordance with gaap. the accretion and amortization reflect the periodic costs of reclamation and remediation associated with current gold production and are therefore included in the measure. the allocation of these costs to gold and copper is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and copper at the phoenix, boddington and batu hijau mines.
general and administrative - includes cost related to administrative tasks not directly related to current gold production, but rather related to support our corporate structure and fulfilling our obligations to operate as a public company. including these expenses in the aisc metric provides visibility of the impact that general and administrative activities have on current operations and profitability on a per ounce basis.
other expense, net - includes costs related to regional administration and community development to support current gold production. we exclude certain exceptional or unusual expenses from other expense, net, such as restructuring, as these are not indicative to sustaining our current gold operations. furthermore, this adjustment to other expense, net is also consistent with the nature of the adjustments made to net income (loss) as disclosed in the company's non-gaap financial measure adjusted net income (loss). the allocation of these costs to gold and copper is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and copper at the phoenix, boddington and batu hijau mines.
sustaining capital - we determined sustaining capital as those capital expenditures that are necessary to maintain current gold production and execute the current mine plan. capital expenditures to develop new operations, or related to projects at existing operations where these projects will enhance gold production or reserves, are considered development. we determined the breakout of sustaining and development capital costs based on a systematic review of our project portfolio in light of the nature of each project. sustaining capital costs are relevant to the aisc metric as these are needed to maintain the company's current gold operations and provide improved transparency related to our ability to finance these expenditures from current operations. the allocation of these costs to gold and copper is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and copper at the batu hijau, boddington and phoenix mines.
advanced                                       treatment                                                                all-in costs                        projects             general         other           and                          all-in                ounces      sustaining year ended                       applicable     remediation             and                 and      expense,      refining      sustaining      sustaining          (000)/pounds       costs per december 31, 2015        to sales (1)(2)(3)       costs (4)     exploration      administrative       net (5)         costs     capital (6)           costs       (millions) sold           oz/lb gold carlin                                 $788              $4             $16                  $-            $9            $-            $188          $1,005                   886          $1,134
(2)   includes by-product credits of $73.
(5)   other expense, net is adjusted for restructuring and other costs of $34, the ghana investment agreement payment of $27 and acquisition costs of $19
(6)   excludes development capital expenditures, capitalized interest, and the increase in accrued capital, totaling $655. the following are major development projects: merian, turf vent shaft, long canyon and the cc&amp;v expansion project.
advanced                                       treatment                                                                all-in costs                        projects             general         other           and                          all-in                ounces      sustaining year ended                       applicable     remediation             and                 and      expense,      refining      sustaining      sustaining          (000)/pounds       costs per december 31, 2014        to sales (1)(2)(3)       costs (4)     exploration      administrative       net (5)         costs     capital (6)           costs       (millions) sold           oz/lb gold carlin                                 $795              $4             $22                  $-            $8            $-            $141            $970                   905          $1,072
(2)   includes by-product credits of $85.
(6)   excludes development capital expenditures, capitalized interest, and the decrease in accrued capital, totaling $300. the following are major development projects: turf vent shaft, merian, correnso and conga.
(7)   on october 6, 2014, the company sold its 44% interest in la herradura.
advanced                                       treatment                                                                all-in costs                        projects   general                   other           and                          all-in                ounces      sustaining year ended                       applicable     remediation             and   and                    expense,      refining      sustaining      sustaining          (000)/pounds       costs per december 31, 2013        to sales (1)(2)(3)       costs (4)     exploration   administrative          net (5)         costs     capital (6)           costs       (millions) sold           oz/lb gold carlin                                 $767              $5             $34   $-                           $7           $14            $154            $981                 1,013            $968
(2)   includes by-product credits of $111.
(6)   excludes development capital expenditures, capitalized interest, and the decrease in accrued capital, totaling $914. the following are major development projects: phoenix copper leach, turf vent shaft, yanacocha bio leach, conga, merian, ahafo mill expansion and akyem.
(7)   on october 6, 2014, the company sold its 44% interest in la herradura.
operating margin per ounce/pound operating margin per ounce/pound are non-gaap financial measures. these measures are calculated by subtracting the costs applicable to sales per ounce of gold and per pound of copper from the average realized gold price per ounce and copper price per pound, respectively. these measures are calculated on a consistent basis for the periods presented on a consolidated basis. operating margin per ounce/pound statistics are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. the measures are not necessarily indicative of operating profit or cash flow from operations as determined under gaap. other companies may calculate these measures differently. operating margin per ounce/pound is calculated as follows:
item 7a.       quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk (dollars in millions, except per ounce and per pound amounts).
metal prices        changes in the market price of gold significantly affect our profitability and cash flow. gold prices can fluctuate widely due to numerous factors, such as demand; forward selling by producers; central bank sales, purchases and lending; investor sentiment; the strength of the u.s. dollar; inflation, deflation, or other general price instability and global mine production levels. changes in the market price of copper also affect our profitability and cash flow. copper is traded on established international exchanges and copper prices generally reflect market supply and demand, but can also be influenced by speculative trading in the commodity or by currency exchange rates.
decreases in the market price of gold and copper can also significantly affect the value of our product inventory, stockpiles and leach pads, and it may be necessary to record a write-down to the nrv. nrv represents the estimated future sales price based on short-term and long-term metals prices, less estimated costs to complete production and bring the product to sale. the primary factors that influence the need to record write-downs of stockpiles, leach pads, and product inventory include short-term and long-term metals prices and costs for production inputs such as labor, fuel and energy, materials and supplies, as well as realized ore grades and recovery rates. the significant assumptions in determining the stockpile, leach pad and product inventory adjustments for each mine site reporting unit at december 31, 2015 included production cost and capitalized expenditure assumptions unique to each operation, a short-term and long-term gold price of $1,106 and $1,300 per ounce, respectively, a short-term and long-term copper price of $2.22 and $3.00 per pound, respectively, and an australian to u.s. dollar long-term exchange rate of $0.80.
the nrv measurement involves the use of estimates and assumptions unique to each mining operation regarding current and future operating and capital costs, metal recoveries, production levels, commodity prices, proven and probable reserve quantities, engineering data and other factors. a high degree of judgment is involved in determining such assumptions and estimates and no assurance can be given that actual results will not differ significantly from those estimates and assumptions.
foreign currency        changes in the foreign currency exchange rates in relation to the u.s. dollar may affect our profitability and cash flow. foreign currency exchange rates can fluctuate widely due to numerous factors, such as supply and demand for foreign and u.s. currencies and u.s. and foreign country economic conditions. in addition to our operations in the united states, we have assets or operations in australia, peru, indonesia, ghana and suriname. all of our operations sell their metal production based on u.s. dollar gold and copper prices. fluctuations in the local currency exchange rates in relation to the u.s. dollar can increase or decrease profit margins and costs applicable to sales per ounce/pound to the extent costs are paid in local currency at foreign operations. the australian dollar/u.s. dollar exchange rate has had the greatest impact on our costs applicable to sales, as measured in u.s. dollars. foreign currency exchange rates in relation to the u.s. dollar have not had a material impact on our determination of proven and probable reserves in the past; however, if a sustained weakening of the u.s. dollar in relation to the australian dollar, and/or to other foreign currencies that impact our cost structure, were not mitigated by offsetting increases in the u.s. dollar gold price or by other factors, profitability, cash flows and/or the amount of proven and probable reserves in the applicable foreign country could be reduced. the extent of any such reduction would be dependent on a variety of factors including the length of time of any such weakening of the u.s. dollar, and management's long-term view of the applicable exchange rate. for information concerning the sensitivity of our costs applicable to sales to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, see results of consolidated operations and foreign currency exchange rates sections in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of consolidated financial condition and results of operations.        hedging our strategy is to provide shareholders with leverage to changes in gold and copper prices by selling our production at spot market prices. consequently, we do not hedge our gold and copper sales. we have and will continue to manage certain risks associated with commodity input costs, interest rates and foreign currencies using the derivative market.
by using derivatives, we are affected by credit risk, market risk and market liquidity risk. credit risk is the risk that a third party might fail to fulfill its performance obligations under the terms of a financial instrument. we mitigate credit risk by entering into derivatives with high credit quality counterparties, limiting the amount of exposure to each counterparty and monitoring the financial condition of the counterparties. market risk is the risk that the fair value of a derivative might be adversely affected by a change in underlying commodity prices, interest rates or currency exchange rates, and that this in turn affects our financial condition. we
manage market risk by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. we mitigate this potential risk to our financial condition by establishing trading agreements with counterparties under which we are not required to post any collateral or be subject to any margin calls on our derivatives. our counterparties cannot require settlement solely because of an adverse change in the fair value of a derivative. market liquidity risk is the risk that a derivative cannot be eliminated quickly, by either liquidating it or by establishing an offsetting position. under the terms of our trading agreements, counterparties cannot require us to immediately settle outstanding derivatives, except upon the occurrence of customary events of default such as covenant breaches, including financial covenants, insolvency or bankruptcy. we further mitigate market liquidity risk by spreading out the maturity of our derivatives over time.
expected maturity date
the fair value of the a$ foreign currency derivative contracts was a net liability position of $60 at december 31, 2015 and $85 at december 31, 2014. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the company recognized a loss in other income, net, for nz$ cash flow hedges that have been closed out due to the sale of waihi. the fair value of the nz$ foreign currency derivative contracts was a net liability position of $3 at december 31, 2014.
expected maturity date
newmont hedges a portion of its operating cost exposure related to diesel consumed at its nevada operations to reduce the variability in realized diesel prices. the hedging instruments consist of a series of financially settled fixed forward contracts with expiration dates up to two years. the fair value of the diesel derivative contracts was a net liability position of $32 at december 31, 2015 and $36 at december 31, 2014.
commodity price risk our provisional gold and copper sales contain an embedded derivative that is required to be separated from the host contract for accounting purposes. the host contract is the receivable from the sale of the gold and copper concentrates at the prevailing indices' prices at the time of sale. the embedded derivative, which does not qualify for hedge accounting, is marked to market through earnings each period prior to final settlement.
pro forma fair value sensitivity of fixed rate debt of a +/- 10 basis point interest rate change (2)             $34               $46
(1)   excludes capital leases for which it is not practicable to estimate fair values and pro forma fair values or sensitivities.