item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview and results of operations the following represents our consolidated performance highlights:
as of/ year ended december 31,                                          change
consolidated revenues for 2015 and 2014 increased as compared to prior years due to growth in global streaming average paying memberships, the majority of which was growth in our international memberships reflecting our expansion and focus on netflix as a global internet tv network. for the year ended december 31, 2015, the impact from membership growth was slightly offset by a decrease in average monthly revenue per paying streaming membership resulting from unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations impacting our international streaming segment. this was partially offset by increases resulting from price changes and plan mix. the decrease in operating income for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 is due primarily to increased marketing and headcount costs to support our international expansion in addition to increased content expenses as we continue to acquire, license and produce content, including more netflix originals. net income is further impacted by the increase in interest expense associated with our debt issuance in the first quarter of 2015 as well as to an increase in losses on foreign currency denominated transactions.
we offer three types of streaming membership plans. in the u.s. our basic plan is priced at $7.99 per month and includes access to standard definition quality streaming on a single screen at a time. our most popular streaming plan is priced at $9.99 per month and includes access to high definition quality streaming on two screens concurrently. our premium plan is priced at $11.99 per month and includes access to high definition and ultra-high definition quality content on four screens concurrently. internationally, the membership plans are structured similarly to the u.s. and range in price from the u.s. dollar equivalent of approximately $5.00 to $18.00 per month.
we expect that from time to time the prices of our membership plans in each country may change. for instance, in the second half of 2015, we increased the price of our two-screen high definition plan in the u.s. and several european countries. in may 2014, in the u.s., we increased the price of our high definition plan from $7.99 per month to $8.99 per month with existing memberships grandfathered for a two year period. in october 2015, in the u.s., we increased the price of this same high definition plan from $8.99 per month to $9.99 per month with existing memberships grandfathered for a one year period. in 2016, the grandfathered pricing period will expire for a substantial number of u.s. memberships and the members will have the option of electing the basic streaming plan at $7.99 or continuing on the high definition plan at the higher price of $9.99.
•   we define contribution profit (loss) as revenues less cost of revenues and marketing expenses incurred by the segment. we believe this is an important measure of our operating segment performance as it represents each segment's performance before global corporate costs.
•   for the domestic and international streaming segments, content expenses, which include the amortization of the streaming content assets and other expenses associated with the licensing and acquisition of streaming content, represent the vast majority of cost of revenues. streaming content rights were generally obtained for our current geographic regions. as we expanded internationally, we obtained additional rights for the new geographies. with our global expansion, we now aspire to obtain global rights for our new content. we allocate this content between the domestic and international segments based on estimated fair market value. other cost of revenues such as streaming delivery expenses, customer service and payment processing fees, including those we pay to our integrated payment partners, tend to be lower as a percentage of total cost of revenues as compared to content licensing expenses. we have built our
own global content delivery network ("open connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. streaming delivery expenses, therefore, also include equipment costs related to our content delivery network and all third-party costs, such as cloud computing costs, associated with delivering streaming content over the internet. cost of revenues in the domestic dvd segment consist primarily of delivery expenses, content expenses, including amortization of dvd content assets and revenue sharing expenses, and other expenses associated with our dvd processing and customer service centers. delivery expenses for the domestic dvd segment consist of the postage costs to mail dvds to and from our members and the packaging and label costs for the mailers.
•   for the domestic and international streaming segments, marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and payments made to our affiliates and device partners. advertising expenses include promotional activities such as digital and television advertising. payments to our affiliates and device partners include fixed fee and /or revenue sharing payments. marketing expenses are incurred by our domestic and international streaming segments given our focus on building consumer awareness of the streaming offerings and in particular our original content. marketing expenses incurred by our international streaming segment have been significant and fluctuate dependent upon the number of international territories in which our streaming service is offered and the timing of the launch of new territories. we do not incur marketing expenses for the domestic dvd segment.
•   we have demonstrated our ability to grow domestic streaming contribution margin as evidenced by the increase in contribution margin from 17% in 2012 to 33% in 2015. as a result of our focus on growing the streaming segments, contribution margins for the domestic and international streaming segments are lower than for our domestic dvd segment.
segment results domestic streaming segment as of/ year ended december 31,                                                                        change
net additions                                               5,624                     5,694                     6,274                     (70    )        (1   )%               (580    )        (9   )%
contribution profit:
marketing                                                 317,646                   293,453                   265,232                  24,193              8    %             28,221             11    %
contribution profit                                     1,375,500                   936,220                   622,767                 439,280             47    %            313,453             50    %
contribution margin                                            33    %                   27    %                   23    %
in the domestic streaming segment, we derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of streaming content to our members in the united states. our two screen high definition plan continues to be the most popular plan choice for new memberships. the increase in our domestic streaming revenues was due to a 17% growth in the average number of paid memberships and a 4% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership resulting from our price changes and plan mix.
the increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to a $208.1 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. in addition, we had a $37.9 million increase in streaming delivery expenses and a $39.4 million increase in other costs, such as payment processing fees and customer service call centers, due to our growing member base.
domestic marketing expenses increased primarily due to an increase in advertising and public relations spending.
our domestic streaming segment had a contribution margin of 33% for the year ended december 31, 2015, which increased as compared to the contribution margin of 27% for the year ended december 31, 2014 due to growth in paid memberships and revenue, which continued to outpace content and marketing spending. our 2020 domestic streaming contribution margin target remains at 40%.
the increase in our domestic streaming revenues was due to the 22% growth in the average number of paid memberships, as well as to the 2% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership resulting from our price increase for new members in the second quarter of 2014 and introduction of the higher priced plan in 2013.
the increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to the $242.3 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. in addition, streaming delivery expenses increased by $59.5 million and other costs, such as payment processing fees and customer service call centers, increased $36.6 million due to our growing member base.
domestic marketing expenses increased primarily due to an increase in advertising and public relations spending.
our domestic streaming segment had a contribution margin of 27% for the year ended december 31, 2014, which increased as compared to the contribution margin of 23% for the year ended december 31, 2013 due to growth in paid memberships and revenue, which continued to outpace content and marketing spending.
international streaming segment as of/ year ended december 31,                                                                          change
net additions                                              11,747                     7,347                   4,809                   4,400              60    %              2,538              53    %
contribution loss:
marketing                                                 506,446                   313,733                 204,418                 192,713              61    %            109,315              53    %
contribution loss                                        (333,386    )             (159,789    )           (274,332    )           (173,597    )        109    %            114,543             (42   )%
contribution margin                                           (17   )%                  (12   )%                (39   )%
in the international streaming segment, we derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of streaming content to our members outside the united states. we launched our streaming service in canada in september 2010 and have continuously expanded our services internationally as shown below. in january 2016 we announced the availability of our streaming service virtually everywhere in the world, with the exception of the people's republic of china and territories where u.s. companies are not allowed to operate.
the increase in our international revenues was due to the 66% growth in the average number of paid international memberships offset partially by a 10% decrease in average monthly revenue per paying membership. the decrease in average monthly revenue per paying membership was due to the impact of exchange rate fluctuations and to a lesser extent the impact of absorbing higher vat rates across our european markets beginning january 1, 2015. these decreases were partially offset by our pricing changes and plan mix. we believe international revenues would have been approximately $331 million higher in 2015 if foreign exchange rates had remained consistent with those for the year ended december 31, 2014.
the increase in international cost of revenues was primarily due to a $522.1 million increase in content expenses primarily relating to expenses for territories launched in the last eighteen months, coupled with existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. other costs increased $104.2 million primarily due to increases in our streaming delivery expenses, costs associated with our customer service call centers and payment processing fees, all driven by our growing member base, partially offset by decreases resulting from exchange rate fluctuations. average paid international streaming memberships accounted for 35% of total average paid streaming memberships as of december 31, 2015, as compared to 27% of total average paid streaming memberships as of december 31, 2014.
international marketing expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 mainly due to expenses for territories launched in the last eighteen months.
international contribution losses increased $173.6 million year over year due to our increased spending for our international expansion and the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
the increase in our international revenues was primarily due to the 82% growth in the average number of paid international memberships as well as the 1% increase in average monthly revenue per paying member resulting from the price increase on our most popular streaming plan and the introduction of the premium plan, offset partially by the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. average paid international streaming memberships accounted for 27% of total average paid streaming memberships as of december 31, 2014, as compared to 20% of total average paid streaming memberships as of december 31, 2013.
the increase in international cost of revenues was primarily due to a $311.5 million increase in content expenses including content for our new markets as well as more exclusive and original programming. other costs increased $60.3 million primarily due to increases in our streaming delivery expenses, costs associated with our customer service call centers and payment processing fees, all driven by our growing member base.
international marketing expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 mainly due to expenses for territories launched during 2014.
international contribution losses improved $114.5 million year over year, as a result of growing memberships and revenues faster than content and marketing spending.
domestic dvd segment as of/ year ended december 31,                                                                           change
contribution profit:
marketing                                                     -                       -                     292                       -               -    %               (292    )        (100   )%
contribution profit                                     321,829                 368,279                 438,982                 (46,450    )        (13   )%            (70,703    )         (16   )%
contribution margin                                          50    %                 48    %                 48    %
in the domestic dvd segment, we derive revenues from our dvd-by-mail membership services. the price per plan for dvd-by-mail varies from $4.99 to $15.99 per month according to the plan chosen by the member. dvd-by-mail plans differ by the number of dvds that a member may have out at any given point. members electing access to high definition blu-ray discs, in addition to standard definition dvds, pay a surcharge ranging from $2 to $4 per month for our most popular plans.
the decrease in domestic dvd cost of revenues was primarily due to a $21.0 million decrease in content expenses and a $38.9 million decrease in delivery expenses resulting from a 21% decrease in the number of dvds mailed to members. the decrease in shipments was driven by a decline in the number of dvd memberships coupled with a decrease in usage by these members. other costs, primarily those associated with processing and customer service expenses, decreased $13.1 million primarily due to a decrease in hub operation expenses resulting from the decline in dvd shipments.
our domestic dvd segment had a contribution margin of 50% for the year ended december 31, 2015, up from 48% for the year ended december 31, 2014 due to the decrease in dvd usage by paying members.
the decrease in domestic dvd cost of revenues was primarily due to a $16.0 million decrease in content expenses and a $43.0 million decrease in delivery expenses resulting from a 22% decrease in the number of dvds mailed to members. the decrease in shipments was driven by a decline in the number of dvd memberships coupled with a decrease in usage by these members. other costs, primarily those associated with processing and customer service expenses, decreased $15.6 million primarily due to a decrease in hub operation expenses resulting from the decline in dvd shipments.
our domestic dvd segment had a contribution margin of 48% for the year ended december 31, 2014, and was relatively flat as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
consolidated operating expenses technology and development technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendation, merchandising and streaming delivery technology and infrastructure. technology and development expenses also include costs associated with computer hardware and software.
year ended december 31,       change
technology and development           $650,788                $472,321                $378,769            $178,467           38        %        $93,552          25        %
the increase in technology and development expenses was primarily due to a $133.2 million increase in personnel-related costs resulting from an increase in compensation for existing employees and a 20% growth in average headcount supporting continued improvements in our streaming service and our international expansion. in addition, third party expenses, including costs associated with cloud computing, increased $23.8 million.
the increase in technology and development expenses was primarily due to an $87.4 million increase in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, resulting from an increase in compensation for existing employees and a 12% growth in average headcount supporting continued improvements in our streaming service and our international expansion.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses consist of payroll and related expenses for corporate personnel, as well as professional fees and other general corporate expenses.
year ended december 31,       change
general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to a $120.1 million increase in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, resulting from a 51% increase in average headcount primarily to support our international expansion and increased production of original content, and an increase in compensation for existing employees.
general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to a $70.6 million increase in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, resulting from a 37% increase in average headcount primarily to support our international expansion, and an increase in compensation for existing employees. in addition, there was an $11.6 million increase in legal costs for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
interest expense interest expense consists primarily of the interest associated with our outstanding long-term debt obligations, including the amortization of debt issuance costs, as well as interest on our lease financing obligations.
year ended december 31,       change
interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 consists primarily of $127.1 million of interest on our notes. the increase in interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 is due to the higher aggregate principal of interest bearing notes outstanding.
interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2014 consists primarily of $46.8 million of interest on our notes. the increase in interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 is due to the higher aggregate principal of interest bearing notes outstanding.
interest and other income (expense) consists primarily of interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and foreign exchange gains and losses on foreign currency denominated balances.
year ended december 31,                                            change
interest and other income (expense) decreased for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the prior year due to a $37.3 million foreign exchange loss, incurred primarily in the first quarter of 2015. the foreign exchange loss was primarily driven by the remeasurement of significant content liabilities denominated in currencies other than functional currencies in our european entities coupled with the strengthening of the u.s. dollar.
interest and other income (expense) for the year ended december 31, 2014 was relatively flat as compared to the prior year. losses on foreign currency denominated balances were $8.2 million and $8.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
extinguishment of debt in connection with the redemption of the outstanding $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 8.50% notes, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $25.1 million in the year ended december 31, 2013, which consisted of expenses associated with the redemption, including a $19.4 million premium payment pursuant to the make-whole provision in the indenture governing the 8.50% notes. for further detail see note 5 of item 8, financial statements and supplementary data.
provision for income taxes year ended december 31,       change
provision for income taxes         $19,244               $82,570               $58,671            $(63,326      )         (77   )%       23,899        41        %
the decrease in our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 is mainly due to an increase in r&d credits and a decrease in state and local income taxes.
in 2015, the difference between our 14% effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate of 35% was $30.4 million primarily due to a $13.4 million release of tax reserves on previously unrecognized tax benefits as a result of an irs audit settlement leading to the reassessment of our reserves for all open years, $16.5 million related to the retroactive reinstatement of the 2015 federal research and development ("r&d") credit and the california r&d credit; partially offset by state income taxes, foreign taxes and nondeductible expenses.
on december 18, 2015, the protecting americans from tax hikes act of 2015 (h.r. 2029) was signed into law which retroactively and permanently extended the federal r&d credit from january 1, 2015. as a result, we recognized the retroactive benefit of the 2015 r&d credit as a discrete item in the fourth quarter of 2015, the period in which the legislation was enacted.
the decrease in our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 was primarily attributable to the $38.6 million release of tax reserves on previously unrecognized tax benefits.
in 2014, the difference between our 24% effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate of 35% was $39.7 million primarily due to a $38.6 million release of tax reserves on previously unrecognized tax benefits as a result of an irs appeals settlement for the tax years 2008-2009 leading to the reassessment of our reserves for all open years, $10.7 million related to the retroactive reinstatement of the 2014 federal r&d credit and the california r&d credit; partially offset by state income taxes, foreign taxes and nondeductible expenses.
on december 19, 2014, the tax increase prevention act of 2014 (h.r. 5771) was signed into law which retroactively extended the federal r&d credit from january 1, 2014 through december 31, 2014. as a result, we recognized the retroactive benefit of the 2014 federal r&d credit as a discrete item in the fourth quarter of 2014, the period in which the legislation was enacted.
liquidity and capital resources cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased $702.2 million to $2,310.7 million from $1,608.5 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. in february 2015, we issued $1,500.0 million of long-term debt and in february 2014 we issued $400.0 million of long-term debt. the increases in cash in the year ended december 31, 2015 associated with the issuance of debt was partially offset by cash outflows from operations and investing activities. long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs, was $2,371.4 million and $885.8 million as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. see note 5 of item 8, financial statements and supplementary data for additional information.
our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing and production of content, streaming delivery, marketing programs and payroll. investments in original content and in particular content that we produce and own, require more cash upfront relative to licensed content. we expect to significantly increase our investments in global streaming content, particularly in original content, which could impact our liquidity and result in future negative free cash flows.
although we currently anticipate that cash flows from operations, together with our available funds, will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for at least the next twelve months, to fund our continued content investments, we are likely to raise additional capital in future periods. our ability to obtain this, or any additional financing that we may choose to, or need to, obtain to finance our international expansion, or investment in original content or otherwise, will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. we may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. if we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution.
as of december 31, 2015, $200.3 million of cash and cash equivalents were held by our foreign subsidiaries. if these funds are needed for our operations in the u.s., we would be required to accrue and pay u.s. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on the amount associated with undistributed earnings for certain foreign subsidiaries. as of december 31, 2015, the amount associated with undistributed earnings for certain foreign subsidiaries for which we could be required to accrue and pay taxes is $65.3 million. see note 10 of item 8, financial statements and supplementary data for additional information.
free cash flow we define free cash flow as cash (used in) provided by operating and investing activities excluding the non-operational cash flows from purchases, maturities and sales of short-term investments. we believe free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments and for certain other activities. free cash flow is considered a non-gaap financial measure and should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, net income, operating income, cash flow (used in) provided by operating activities, or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with gaap.
in assessing liquidity in relation to our results of operations, we compare free cash flow to net income, noting that the three major recurring differences are excess content payments over expense, non-cash stock-based compensation expense and other working capital differences. the excess content payments over expense is variable based on the payment terms of our content agreements and is expected to increase as we enter into more agreements with upfront cash payments, such as licensing and production of original content. in 2015, the ratio of content payments over content expense was between 1.3 and 1.4. working capital differences include deferred revenue, taxes and semi-annual interest payments on our outstanding debt. our receivables from members generally settle quickly and deferred revenue is a source of cash flow.
net cash (used in) provided by operating activities     $(749,439    )            $16,483                 $97,831
net cash used in investing activities                    (179,192    )            (42,866    )           (255,968    )
net cash provided by financing activities               1,640,277                 541,712                 476,264
net cash (used in) provided by operating activities      (749,439    )             16,483                  97,831
acquisition of dvd content assets                         (77,958    )            (74,790    )            (65,927    )
other assets                                               (1,912    )              1,334                   5,939
cash provided by operating activities decreased $765.9 million resulting in net cash used in operating activities of $749.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the significant net cash used in operations is due primarily to the increase in investments in streaming content that requires more upfront payments. the payments for content excluding dvd assets increased $1,374.8 million or 40%. in addition we had increased payments associated with higher operating expenses. the increased use of cash was partially offset by a $1,274.9 million or 23% increase in revenues.
cash used in investing activities increased $136.3 million, primarily due to a decrease of $108.4 million in the proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments, net of purchases. in addition, purchases of property and equipment increased by $21.5 million.
cash provided by financing activities increased $1,098.6 million primarily due to the $1,482.4 million net proceeds from the issuance of the 5.50% notes and the 5.875% notes in the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the $392.9 million net proceeds from the issuance of the 5.750% notes in the year ended december 31, 2014.
free cash flow was $1,043.2 million lower than net income for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily due to $1,209.4 million of content cash payments over expense partially offset by $124.7 million of non-cash stock-based compensation expense and $41.5 million of favorable other working capital differences.
free cash flow was $393.5 million lower than net income for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to $534.2 million of content cash payments over expense partially offset by $115.2 million of non-cash stock-based compensation expense and $25.5 million of favorable other working capital differences.
cash provided by operating activities decreased $81.3 million, primarily due to increased payments for content other than dvd assets of $835.1 million or 32%, as well as increased payments associated with higher operating expenses. the increased use of cash was partially offset by a $1,130.1 million or 26% increase in revenues.
cash used in investing activities decreased $213.1 million, primarily due to a decrease of $242.2 million in the purchases of short-term investments, net of proceeds from sales and maturities. this decrease was offset by an increase of $15.6 million purchases of property and equipment.
cash provided by financing activities increased $65.4 million primarily due to the $392.9 million net proceeds from the issuance of the 5.750% notes in the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the $490.6 million net proceeds from the issuance of the 5.375% notes less the $219.4 million redemption of our 8.50% notes in the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was partially offset by a decrease of $56.3 million from the issuance of common stock, including the impact of excess tax benefits.
free cash flow was $128.7 million lower than net income for the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to $227.9 million of content cash payments over expense and $45.3 million non-favorable other working capital differences. this was partially offset by $73.1 million non-cash stock-based compensation expense, $46.3 million in deferred revenue and $25.1 million loss on debt extinguishment, the cash impact of which is a financing activity and therefore not included in free cash flow.
contractual obligations for the purpose of this table, contractual obligations for purchases of goods or services are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. the expected timing of the payment of the obligations discussed below is estimated based on information available to us as of december 31, 2015. timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the time of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations. the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at december 31, 2015:
(1)   as of december 31, 2015, streaming content obligations were comprised of $2.8 billion included in "current content liabilities" and $2.0 billion of "non-current content liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets and $6.1 billion of obligations that are not reflected on the consolidated balance sheets as they do not yet meet the criteria for asset recognition.
streaming content obligations increased $1.4 billion from $9.5 billion as of december 31, 2014 to $10.9 billion as of december 31, 2015 primarily due to multi-year commitments primarily associated with the continued expansion of our exclusive and original programing.
streaming content obligations include amounts related to the acquisition, licensing and production of streaming content. an obligation for the production of content includes non-cancelable commitments under creative talent and employment agreements. an obligation for the acquisition and licensing of content is incurred at the time we enter into an agreement
to obtain future titles. once a title becomes available, a content liability is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. certain agreements include the obligation to license rights for unknown future titles, the ultimate quantity and / or fees for which are not yet determinable as of the reporting date. traditional film output deals, like the u.s. output deal with disney, or certain tv series license agreements where the number of seasons to be aired is unknown, are examples of these types of agreements. the contractual obligations table above does not include any estimated obligation for the unknown future titles, payment for which could range from less than one year to more than five years. however, these unknown obligations are expected to be significant and we believe could include approximately $3 billion to $5 billion over the next three years, with the payments for the vast majority of such amounts expected to occur after the next twelve months. the foregoing range is based on considerable management judgments and the actual amounts may differ. once we know the title that we will receive and the license fees, we include the amount in the contractual obligations table above.
(2)   long-term debt obligations include our notes consisting of principal and interest payments. see note 5 of item 8, financial statements and supplementary data for further details.
(3)   lease obligations include lease financing obligations of $21.1 million related to our current los gatos, california headquarters for which we are the deemed owner for accounting purposes, commitments of $428.7 million for our expanded headquarters in los gatos, california and our new office space in los angeles, california and other commitments of $79.9 million for facilities under non-cancelable operating leases. these leases have expiration dates varying through approximately 2028.
(4)   other purchase obligations include all other non-cancelable contractual obligations. these contracts are primarily related to streaming delivery, dvd content acquisition, and miscellaneous open purchase orders for which we have not received the related services or goods.
as of december 31, 2015, we had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $17.1 million of which $3.6 million was recorded in "accrued expenses" in the consolidated balance sheets. for the remaining $13.5 million, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes, therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligation table.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have transactions with unconsolidated entities, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, whereby we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk support to us.
indemnifications the information set forth under note 7 of item 8, financial statements and supplementary data under the caption "guarantees-indemnification obligations" is incorporated herein by reference.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. the securities and exchange commission ("sec") has defined a company's critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require a company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments. based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from these estimates.
streaming content we acquire, license and produce content, including original programming, in order to offer our members unlimited viewing of tv shows and films. the content licenses are for a fixed fee and specific windows of availability. payment terms for certain content licenses and the production of content require more upfront cash payments relative to the amortization expense. payments for content, including additions to streaming assets and the changes in related liabilities, are classified within "net cash (used in) provided by operating activities" on the consolidated statements of cash flows.
for licenses we capitalize the fee per title and record a corresponding liability at the gross amount of the liability when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. the portion available for streaming within one year is recognized as "current content assets, net" and the remaining portion as "non-current content assets, net" on the consolidated balance sheets.
for productions we capitalize costs associated with the production, including development cost and direct costs. we include these amounts in "non-current content assets, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. participations and residuals are expensed in line with the amortization of production costs.
based on factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns, we amortize the content assets (licensed and produced) in "cost of revenues" on the consolidated statements of operations, over the shorter of each title's contractual window of availability or estimated period of use, beginning with the month of first availability. the amortization period typically ranges from six months to five years. for most of our content, we amortize on a straight-line basis. for certain content where we expect more upfront viewing, due to the additional merchandising and marketing efforts, we amortize on an accelerated basis. we review factors that impact the amortization of the content assets on a regular basis, including changes in merchandising and marketing efforts. our estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment.  changes in our estimates could have a significant impact on our future results of operations. in the third quarter of 2015, we changed the amortization method of certain content given changes in estimated viewing patterns of this content. the effect of this change in estimate was a $25.5 million increase in cost of revenues in the domestic streaming segment, for the year ended december 31, 2015.
content assets are stated at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value, which approximates fair value of the capitalized costs for produced content. content assets are reviewed in aggregate at the operating segment level for write-down when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content. unamortized costs for assets that have been, or are expected to be, abandoned are written off. no material write-down from unamortized cost to a lower net realizable value was recorded in any of the periods presented.
we have entered into certain licenses with collective management organizations ("cmos"), and are currently involved in negotiations with other cmos, that hold certain rights to music and other entertainment works "publicly performed" in connection with streaming content into various territories. accruals for estimated license fees are recorded and then adjusted based on any changes in estimates. these amounts are included in the streaming content obligations. the results of these negotiations are uncertain and may be materially different from management's estimates.
income taxes we record a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. the measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. there was no valuation allowance as of december 31, 2015 or 2014.
although we believe our assumptions, judgments and estimates are reasonable, changes in tax laws or our interpretation of tax laws and the resolution of any tax audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our consolidated financial statements.
in evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, in full or in part, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results, and our forecast of future earnings, future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. the assumptions utilized in determining future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. actual operating results in future years could differ from our current assumptions, judgments and estimates. however, we believe that it is more likely than not that substantially all deferred tax assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheets will ultimately be realized. in the event we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would be charged to earnings in the period in which we make such determination.
we did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. we may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. at december 31, 2015, our estimated gross unrecognized tax benefits were $17.1 million of which $13.5 million, if recognized, would favorably impact our future earnings. due to uncertainties in any tax audit outcome, our estimates of the ultimate settlement of our unrecognized tax positions may change and the actual tax benefits may differ significantly from the estimates. see note 10 of item 8, financial statements and supplementary data for further information regarding income taxes.
stock-based compensation we grant fully vested non-qualified stock options to our employees on a monthly basis. as a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. stock-based compensation expense at the grant date is based on the total number of options granted and an estimate of the fair value of the awards.
we calculate the fair value of our stock option grants using a lattice-binomial model. this model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions. changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the estimate of fair value of options granted and our results of operations could be impacted.
•   expected volatility: prior to january 1, 2015, our computation of expected volatility was based on a blend of historical volatility of our common stock and implied volatility of tradable forward call options to purchase shares of our common stock, as low trade volume of our tradable forward call options prior to 2011 precluded sole reliance on implied volatility. beginning on january 1, 2015, expected volatility is based solely on implied volatility. we believe that implied volatility of publicly traded options in our common stock is more reflective of market conditions and, given consistently high trade volumes of the options, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of our common stock. an increase/decrease of 10% in our computation of expected volatility would increase/decrease the total stock-based compensation expense by approximately $10.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015.
•   suboptimal exercise factor: our computation of the suboptimal exercise factor is based on historical and estimated option exercise behavior. prior to january 1, 2015, we bifurcated its option grants into two employee groupings (executive and non-executive) to determine the suboptimal exercise factor. beginning on january 1, 2015, we began aggregating employee groupings for its determination of the suboptimal exercise factor as the previous bifurcation into two groupings did not have a material impact on the fair value of the options granted. an increase/decrease in the suboptimal exercise factor of 10% would increase/decrease the total stock-based compensation expense by approximately $4.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015.