item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with item 1, business, our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
recent developments due to the separation of our former natural gas distribution business on january 31, 2014, the wind down of our former energy services business on march 31, 2014, and the subsequent reporting of such businesses as discontinued operations, income from continuing operations reflects the continuing operations of oneok partners and of oneok as its general partner. all references to income as used in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations refer to income from continuing operations. please refer to the "financial results and operating information" and "liquidity and capital resources" sections of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and our consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional information. oneok and its subsidiaries own all of the general partner interest and certain limited partner interests, which, together, represented a 41.2 percent ownership interest at december 31, 2015, in oneok partners, one of the largest publicly traded master limited partnerships.
due in part to the rapid growth in crude oil and natural gas production in the united states, the global supply of crude oil and natural gas exceeded demand and led to a dramatic fall in commodity prices beginning in the fourth quarter 2014. lower crude oil and natural gas prices persisted throughout 2015 and are expected to remain low in 2016. the production growth and decline in crude oil prices have also contributed to lower ngl product prices, as well as narrow ngl product price differentials.
wti crude oil prices declined to an average of approximately $50.00 per barrel in 2015, compared with prices averaging approximately $93.00 per barrel in 2014. nymex natural gas prices also declined to an average of approximately $2.60 per mmbtu in 2015, compared with prices averaging approximately $4.30 per mmbtu in 2014. opis conway propane prices averaged less than $0.41 per gallon in 2015, compared with prices averaging more than $1.10 per gallon in 2014.  at december 31, 2015, prices for wti crude oil, nymex natural gas and opis conway propane declined to approximately $35.00 per barrel, $2.30 per mmbtu and $0.33 per gallon, respectively, and remained weak into early 2016.
oneok partners has mitigated partially its exposure to the current commodity price environment by growing its fee-based business. oneok partners has a predominantly fee-based business in the natural gas liquids and natural gas pipelines segments and, historically to a lesser extent, in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. in 2015, however, the natural gas gathering and processing segment restructured many pop with fee contracts associated with a significant amount
of its gathered volumes to increase the fee-based component and will continue to seek opportunities to similarly restructure additional contracts in 2016. these restructured contracts favorably impacted oneok partners' 2015 results, and it expects to receive the full benefit of the improved earnings from these contracts in its 2016 financial results. in the fourth quarter 2015, the natural gas gathering and processing segment's fee revenues averaged $0.55 per mmbtu, compared with an average of $0.36 per mmbtu in 2014. as a result of these restructured contracts, we expect the natural gas gathering and processing segment's fee-based earnings to increase significantly to more than 75 percent in 2016 and oneok partners' consolidated fee-based earnings to increase to approximately 85 percent in 2016. to further mitigate the impact of lower commodity prices, oneok partners has hedged a significant portion of the natural gas gathering and processing segment's expected equity volumes for 2016 and 2017. the natural gas liquids and natural gas pipelines segments continue to provide primarily fee-based services, and many of the contracts in these segments include fixed fee, minimum volume or firm demand charge agreements that provide a minimum level of revenues regardless of commodity prices or volumetric throughput.
the current weakened commodity price environment, resulting from factors beyond our control, is creating challenges for oneok partners' crude oil and natural gas producer customers and resulted in decreased drilling activity in 2015, compared with 2014. in the williston basin, the number of rigs drilling on acreage dedicated to oneok partners decreased from approximately 80 rigs in january 2015 to approximately 30 rigs in december 2015. despite the sustained lower crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices and reduced capital spending by producers, we continue to expect demand for midstream services and infrastructure development to be driven by producers who need to connect production with end-use markets where current infrastructure is insufficient or nonexistent. oneok partners' natural gas and ngl volumes increased in 2015, particularly in the williston basin, as producers are focusing their drilling in the most productive areas and are using more efficient drilling and completion techniques. we expect this lower commodity price environment to continue in 2016, which will impact oneok partners' net realized prices for natural gas, ngls and condensate, as well as our financial results. if the low commodity price environment persists for a prolonged period or prices decline further, volumes across oneok partners' assets may grow more slowly than in the past or decline.
although drilling has slowed, many of oneok partners' customers continue to drill new wells in the most productive areas, and improvements in drilling and completion technology are resulting in higher volumes from the wells that are completed. these new technologies, such as multi-well pads and more efficient drilling rigs, are resulting in lower drilling and completion costs, which are mitigating partially the lower commodity prices for oneok partners' producer customers. in addition, new wells drilled using horizontal drilling technologies tend to produce volumes at higher initial production rates resulting generally in higher initial decline rates than conventional vertical wells; however, the decline rates flatten out over time. a significant portion of oneok partners' williston basin gathering and processing assets are in the most productive areas, which typically produce at higher initial production rates compared with other areas, have the highest natural gas content and have slower natural gas declines than crude oil. we expect oneok partners' natural gas gathered and processed volumes in the williston basin to continue to grow in 2016, despite expected reductions in producer drilling activity. the significant drilling activity in recent years in the williston basin has caused natural gas production to exceed the capacity of existing natural gas gathering and processing infrastructure, which results in the flaring of natural gas (the controlled burning of natural gas at the wellhead) by producers. we expect oneok partners to capture a substantial amount of natural gas currently being flared by producers due to an additional processing plant and compression projects that were placed in service in late 2015 and projects that are expected to be completed in 2016. additionally, we expect oneok partners to benefit from production from new wells on oneok partners' dedicated acreage in the williston basin that have been drilled previously but have not yet been completed or connected to its system by expanding its natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids gathering infrastructure in the williston basin.
we expect ethane rejection to persist at current levels, which have exceeded 150 mbbl/d on oneok partners' natural gas liquids system during 2015, until ethylene producers increase their capacity to consume additional ethane feedstock volumes through plant modifications, plant expansions and the completion of announced new world-scale ethylene production projects, which are anticipated to begin coming on line in 2017. ethane rejection is expected to continue to have a significant impact on our and oneok partners' financial results into 2017.
beginning in june 2015, the natural gas gathering and processing segment reduced its level of ethane rejection in the williston basin to alleviate downstream ngl product specification issues, which offsets partially the financial impact of ethane rejection. we expect this decreased level of ethane rejection to continue throughout 2016. in addition, the natural gas liquids segment's integrated assets enable oneok partners to mitigate partially this impact through minimum volume commitments, contract modifications that vary fees for ethane and other ngl products, and oneok partners' ability to utilize the transportation capacity made available due to ethane rejection to capture additional ngl location price differentials, when they exist, in its optimization activities.
oneok partners' growth projects - in 2015, crude oil and natural gas producers continued to drill for crude oil and ngl-rich natural gas in many regions where oneok partners has operations, including in the bakken shale and three forks formations in the williston basin; in the cana-woodford shale, woodford shale, springer shale, stack and scoop areas in the mid-continent region; and in the permian basin. in response to this continued production of crude oil, natural gas and ngls, and higher demand for ngl products from the petrochemical industry, oneok partners has completed growth projects and acquisitions in these regions. in addition, oneok partners' current projects are expected to expand the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids gathering infrastructure in the williston basin to capture natural gas currently being flared by producers. through its roadrunner joint venture, oneok partners is constructing a pipeline to transport natural gas from the permian basin in west texas to the mexican border near el paso, texas. the roadrunner pipeline will connect with oneok partners' existing natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure in texas and, together with oneok partners' westex intrastate natural gas transmission pipeline expansion project, is expected to create a platform for future opportunities to deliver natural gas supply to mexico. the execution of these capital investments aligns with oneok partners' strategy to generate consistent growth and sustainable earnings. oneok partners' contractual commitments from crude oil and natural gas producers, natural gas processors and electric generators are expected to provide incremental cash flows and long-term fee-based earnings.
while reduced crude oil and natural gas producer drilling activity is slowing supply growth, we expect oneok partners to complete its previously announced projects to meet crude oil and natural gas producers' demand for its gathering, processing, fractionation and transportation services. oneok partners has suspended capital expenditures for certain natural gas processing plants and related infrastructure to align with the needs of its customers. oneok partners could resume its suspended capital-growth projects when market conditions improve and customers' needs change. in 2016, we expect lower capital spending for oneok partners, compared with spending levels from 2013 through 2015, due to the current commodity price environment and oneok partners' alignment of capital-growth projects with the needs of its customers. if the current commodity price environment persists for a prolonged period, it may further impact the timing or demand for additional infrastructure projects or growth opportunities in the future.
westex transmission pipeline expansion - in july 2015, oneok partners announced plans to invest $70 million to $100 million to expand its westex intrastate natural gas pipeline system in the permian basin in the natural gas pipelines segment. westex, which had qualifying open season bids in excess of 500 mmcf/d, plans to utilize 240 mmcf/d of existing capacity and create additional capacity by expanding its system by 260 mmcf/d by the first quarter 2017. this expansion project is supported by firm demand charge transportation agreements and is complementary to oneok partners' recently announced roadrunner joint venture pipeline project discussed below.
see additional discussion of oneok partners' other growth projects in the "financial results and operating information" section in the natural gas gathering and processing, natural gas liquids and natural gas pipelines segments.
roadrunner - in march 2015, oneok partners entered into a 50-50 joint venture with a subsidiary of fermaca infrastructure b.v. (fermaca), a mexico city-based natural gas infrastructure company, to construct a pipeline to transport natural gas from the permian basin in west texas to the mexican border near el paso, texas. the pipeline will connect with oneok partners' existing natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure in texas. these integrated assets are also expected to provide markets in mexico access to upstream supply basins in west texas and the mid-continent region, which adds location and price diversity to their supply mix and supports the plan of mexico's national electric utility, comisión federal de electricidad, to replace fuel oil-based power plants with natural gas-fueled power plants, which are more economical and produce fewer ghg emissions. the estimated total cost of the project is approximately $430 million to $480 million. oneok partners contributed approximately $30 million to roadrunner in 2015 and expects to contribute approximately $50 million to roadrunner during 2016.
roadrunner has all permits needed to complete construction on phase i and all permits needed to begin construction on phase ii. construction on both phase i and phase ii is ongoing and we expect phase i to be completed in the first quarter 2016.
roadrunner entered into a $230 million senior secured credit facility for the construction and operation of the pipeline. the senior secured credit facility expires seven years after the roadrunner in-service date of phase ii, which is expected to be completed in the first quarter 2017. in addition, roadrunner executed interest-rate swaps to hedge the variability of its interest payments during the term of the credit facility. roadrunner's credit facility is nonrecourse to oneok and oneok partners, and neither oneok nor oneok partners guarantees roadrunner's debts or obligations under the credit facility.
see additional discussion in the "financial results and operating information" section in the natural gas pipelines segment.
impairment charges - in the fourth quarter 2015, oneok partners recorded $264.3 million of noncash impairment charges, primarily related to its long-lived assets and equity investments in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin.
dividends/distributions - during 2015, we paid dividends totaling $2.43 per share, an increase of approximately 14 percent from the $2.125 per share paid during 2014. we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.615 per share ($2.46 per share on an annualized basis) in january 2016, an increase of approximately 2 percent from the $0.605 declared in january 2015. during 2015, oneok partners paid cash distributions totaling $3.16 per unit, an increase of approximately 5 percent over the $3.01 per unit paid during 2014. oneok partners paid total cash distributions to us in 2015 of $706.3 million, which includes $310.2 million resulting from our limited-partner interest and $396.1 million related to our general partner interest. a cash distribution from oneok partners of $0.79 per unit ($3.16 per unit on an annualized basis) was declared in january 2016.
oneok debt issuance - in august 2015, we completed an underwritten public offering of $500 million of 7.5 percent senior notes due 2023. the net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other expenses, were approximately $487.1 million. we used the proceeds together with cash on hand to purchase $650 million of additional common units from oneok partners.
oneok partners debt issuances - in january 2016, oneok partners entered into the $1.0 billion senior unsecured term loan agreement with a syndicate of banks that matures in january 2019. proceeds from the term loan agreement effectively refinance oneok partners' 2016 debt maturities.
in march 2015, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of $800 million of senior notes, generating net proceeds of approximately $792.3 million. oneok partners used the proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program and for general partnership purposes.
oneok partners equity issuances - in august 2015, oneok partners completed a private placement of 21.5 million common units at a price of $30.17 per unit with us. additionally, oneok partners completed a concurrent sale of approximately 3.3 million common units at a price of $30.17 per unit to funds managed by kayne anderson capital advisors in a registered direct offering, which were issued through oneok partners' existing "at-the-market" equity program. the combined offerings generated net cash proceeds of approximately $749 million to oneok partners. in conjunction with these issuances, oneok partners gp contributed approximately $15.3 million in order to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners. oneok partners used the proceeds for general partnership purposes, including capital expenditures and repayment of commercial paper borrowings.
during 2015, oneok partners sold 10.5 million common units through its "at-the-market" equity program, including the units sold to funds managed by kayne anderson capital advisors in the offering discussed above. the net proceeds, including oneok partners gp's contribution to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners, were approximately $381.6 million, which were used for general partnership purposes, including repayment of commercial paper borrowings.
as a result of these transactions, our aggregate ownership interest in oneok partners increased to 41.2 percent at december 31, 2015, compared with 37.8 percent at december 31, 2014.
see note q of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for a discussion of oneok partners' issuance of common units and distributions to noncontrolling interests.
revenues commodity sales                                                             $6,098.3               $10,725.0               $10,549.2              $(4,626.7     )         (43   )%           $175.8                 2   %
cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of items shown separately below)           5,641.1                10,088.5                10,222.2               (4,447.4     )         (44   )%           (133.7     )          (1   )%
equity in net earnings from investments                                       $125.3                  $117.4                  $110.5                   $7.9                 7   %              $6.9                 6   %
impairment of equity investments                                             $(180.6    )             $(76.4    )                 $-                 $104.2                 *                 $76.4                 *
capital expenditures (a)                                                    $1,188.3                $1,779.2                $2,256.6                $(590.9     )         (33   )%          $(477.4     )         (21   )%
(a) - includes capital expenditures of discontinued operations of $23.9 million and $292.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
due to the nature of oneok partners' contracts, changes in commodity prices and volumes affect both commodity sales and cost of sales and fuel in our consolidated statements of income and therefore the impact is largely offset between the two line items. as a result, we consider operating income provided by revenues less cost of sales and fuel meaningful and necessary to understand our results of operations.
2015 vs. 2014 - services revenues increased for 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to higher natural gas and ngl volumes from recently completed capital projects and acquisitions in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments and higher fees resulting from contract restructuring in the natural gas gathering and processing segment.
commodity sales revenues and costs of sales and fuel decreased for 2015, compared with 2014, due to the sharp decline in commodity prices that began in the fourth quarter 2014 and continued throughout 2015 and higher propane and natural gas prices, as well as wider ngl location and product price differentials experienced in the first quarter 2014 as a result of unusually high weather-related seasonal demand. the impact from the price decrease was offset partially by higher gathered and processed volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing segment and higher ngl volumes transported on gathering lines and fractionated in the natural gas liquids segment in 2015, compared with 2014.
operating costs and depreciation and amortization expense increased for 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to the growth of oneok partners' operations related to the completed capital projects, including acquisitions, in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments. this increase was offset partially by decreased operating costs due to lower rates charged by service providers.
oneok partners recorded $264.3 million and $76.4 million of noncash impairment charges, primarily related to its long-lived assets and equity investments in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
equity in net earnings from investments increased for 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to higher volumes in 2015 delivered to overland pass pipeline from the bakken ngl pipeline in the natural gas liquids segment.
interest expense increased for 2015, compared with 2014, primarily as a result of higher interest costs incurred associated with oneok partners' issuance of $800 million of senior notes in march 2015, higher interest rates on oneok partners' short-term borrowings, lower capitalized interest due to capital-growth projects completed and placed in service in 2014, and higher interest costs incurred associated with our $500 million debt issuance in august 2015.
income from continuing operations decreased in 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to the factors discussed above and a $26.4 million net reduction in deferred income tax expense in the first quarter 2014 as a result of the separation of our former natural gas distribution business and the wind down of the energy services business.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, which reflects primarily the portion of oneok partners that we do not own, decreased in 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to lower earnings at oneok partners and impairment charges discussed above.
capital expenditures decreased for 2015, compared with 2014, due to the completion of several large capital-growth projects in 2014, suspension of several projects and the timing of expenditures in 2015 for oneok partners' capital-growth projects.
additional information regarding the financial results and operating information is provided in the following discussion for each of the segments.
2014 vs. 2013 - revenues less cost of sales and fuel for 2014, compared with 2013, increased due primarily to higher volumes across oneok partners' systems. oneok partners' new natural gas processing plants in the williston basin and mid-continent region resulted in increased natural gas volumes gathered, processed and sold in the natural gas gathering and processing segment and, combined with third-party plant connections, increased ngl volumes transported in the natural gas liquids segment's exchange-services business. oneok partners' optimization, marketing, isomerization and differentials-based businesses benefited from wider realized ngl product price differentials in 2014, compared with 2013, primarily related to increased weather-related seasonal demand for propane during the first quarter 2014 and wider realized ngl product price differentials between normal butane and iso-butane. the natural gas pipelines segment also experienced higher transportation revenues, primarily from increased rates and higher contracted capacity and higher storage revenues from park-and-loan activity. these increases were offset partially by the impact of ethane rejection in the natural gas liquids segment and lower contracted storage capacity in the natural gas pipelines segment.
operating costs and depreciation and amortization expense increased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to the growth of oneok partners' operations related to the completed capital projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments.
in 2014, oneok partners recorded $76.4 million of noncash impairment charges related to its equity investment in bighorn gas gathering in the natural gas gathering and processing segment.
equity in net earnings from investments increased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to higher volumes in 2014 delivered to overland pass pipeline from the bakken ngl pipeline in the natural gas liquids segment.
interest expense increased for 2014, compared with 2013, primarily as a result of higher interest costs incurred associated with a full year of interest costs on oneok partners' issuance of $1.25 billion of senior notes in september 2013.
capital expenditures decreased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to the timing of expenditures related to growth projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments.
additional information regarding the financial results and operating information is provided in the following discussion for each of the segments.
natural gas gathering and processing growth projects - the natural gas gathering and processing segment is investing in growth projects in ngl-rich areas in the williston basin, stack, scoop, cana-woodford shale, woodford shale, springer shale and the powder river basin areas that oneok partners expects will enable it to meet the needs of crude oil and natural gas producers in those areas. nearly all of the new natural gas production is from horizontally drilled wells in nonconventional resource areas. these wells tend to produce volumes at higher initial production rates resulting generally in higher initial decline rates than conventional vertical wells; however, the decline rates flatten out over time. these wells are expected to have long productive lives.
completed projects                                     location                capacity   approximatecosts (a)   completion date
projects in progress                               location               capacity   approximatecosts (a)   expectedcompletion date
as a result of reductions in crude oil and natural gas drilling by producers due to the decline in crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices and our expectation of slower supply growth or declines, oneok partners suspended capital expenditures for certain natural gas processing plants and field infrastructure. oneok partners could resume its suspended capital-growth projects when market conditions improve and its customers' needs change. if the current commodity price environment persists for a prolonged period, it may further impact the timing or demand for these projects and additional infrastructure projects or growth opportunities in the future.
for a discussion of oneok partners' capital expenditure financing, see "capital expenditures" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section.
selected financial results - the natural gas gathering and processing segment's financial results for the year ended december 31, 2015, reflect the benefits from the completed projects in the table above.
cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of items shown separately below)                1,265.6                 2,305.7                 1,550.9               (1,040.1     )         (45   )%            754.8                 49   %
equity in net earnings from investments                                             $17.9                   $20.3                   $23.5                  $(2.4     )         (12   )%            $(3.2     )          (14   )%
impairment of equity investments                                                  $(180.6    )             $(76.4    )                 $-                 $104.2                 *                 $76.4                  *
capital expenditures                                                               $887.9                  $898.9                  $774.4                 $(11.0     )          (1   )%           $124.5                 16   %
cash paid for acquisitions                                                             $-                      $-                  $241.9                     $-                 -   %           $(241.9     )         (100   )%
commodity prices declined sharply in the fourth quarter 2014 and continued to decline throughout 2015. we expect lower commodity prices to continue throughout 2016. therefore, we also expect crude oil, natural gas and ngl supply growth to continue to slow. as crude oil and natural gas exploration and production capital investment has decreased due to market conditions, crude oil and natural gas producers are focusing their drilling activities in the most productive areas that are most economical to develop and have higher production volumes, which offsets partially the reduction in drilling activity. the lower commodity price environment had a significant impact on the natural gas gathering and processing segment's financial results in 2015, compared with 2014, but was mitigated partially by restructured contracts primarily in the fourth quarter 2015.
•   an increase of $91.6 million due primarily to restructured contracts resulting in higher average fee rates and a lower percentage of proceeds retained from the sale of commodities under pop with fee contracts; and
•   an increase of $10.5 million in employee-related costs due to higher labor and employee benefit costs resulting from the completion of growth projects; and
oneok partners recorded $254.3 million and $76.4 million of noncash impairment charges primarily related to its long-lived assets and equity investments in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin in 2015 and 2014, respectively. see additional discussion in "impairment charges" below.
capital expenditures decreased due primarily to the timing of oneok partners' growth projects discussed above.
see "capital expenditures" in "liquidity and capital resources" for additional detail of oneok partners' projected capital expenditures.
•   an increase of $8.8 million due primarily to higher average fee rates and a lower percentage of proceeds retained from the sale of commodities under pop with fee contracts; offset partially by
•   an increase of $21.2 million in employee-related costs due to higher labor and employee benefit costs; offset partially by
•   a decrease of $3.2 million due to lower ad valorem tax expense resulting from capitalized taxes related to construction projects.
depreciation and amortization expense increased due to the completion of growth projects and acquisitions.
in 2014, oneok partners recorded $76.4 million of noncash impairment charges related to its equity investment in bighorn gas gathering.
capital expenditures increased due primarily to the timing of oneok partners' growth projects discussed above.
realized composite ngl net sales price ($/gallon) (c) (d)                $0.34                 $0.93                 $0.87
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
(b) - includes volumes at company-owned and third-party facilities.
(c) - includes the impact of hedging activities on oneok partners' equity volumes.
natural gas gathered and processed, ngl sales and residue natural gas sales increased in 2015, compared with 2014, due to the completion of growth projects in the williston basin, offset partially by unplanned outages in the williston basin during the third quarter and natural gas volume declines in the cana-woodford shale. in 2016, we expect oneok partners' average natural gas gathered volumes to increase in the cana-woodford shale as a result of wells completed in late 2015. natural gas
gathered and processed, ngl sales and residue natural gas sales increased in 2014, compared with 2013, due to the completion of growth projects in the williston basin and the mid-continent areas, offset partially by natural declines in the powder river basin.
the quantity and composition of ngls and natural gas have varied as new plants were placed in service and to ensure natural gas and natural gas liquids pipeline specifications were met. beginning in june 2015, oneok partners reduced the level of ethane rejection in the rocky mountain region to address downstream ngl product specifications. in 2016, we expect additional volumes from the lonesome creek and bear creek processing plants in the williston basin to further reduce the level of ethane rejection. we expect the decreased level of ethane rejection to continue throughout 2016.
years ended december 31, equity volume information (a)                  2015              2014              2013
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
commodity price risk - the natural gas gathering and processing segment is exposed to commodity price risk as a result of receiving commodities as a portion of oneok partners' compensation for its services. see discussion regarding oneok partners' commodity price risk under "commodity price risk" in item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
impairment charges - crude oil and natural gas producers have primarily focused their development efforts on crude oil and ngl-rich supply basins rather than in areas with dry natural gas production, such as the coal-bed methane production areas in the powder river basin. the reduced development activities and production declines in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin have resulted in lower natural gas volumes available to be gathered. due to the continued and greater than expected decline in volumes gathered in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin, oneok partners evaluated its long-lived assets and equity investments in this area and determined that it will cease operations of its wholly owned coal-bed methane natural gas gathering system in 2016. this resulted in a $63.5 million noncash impairment charge to oneok partners' long-lived assets in the fourth quarter 2015. bighorn gas gathering, in which oneok partners owns a 49 percent equity interest, and fort union gas gathering, in which oneok partners owns a 37 percent equity interest, are both partially supplied with volumes from oneok partners' wholly owned coal-bed methane natural gas gathering system. oneok partners also owns a 35 percent equity interest in lost creek gathering company, which also is located in a dry natural gas area. oneok partners reviewed its bighorn gas gathering, fort union gas gathering and lost creek gathering company equity investments and recorded noncash impairment charges of $180.6 million in the fourth quarter 2015. the remaining net book value of oneok partners' equity investments in this dry natural gas area is $35.0 million.
during 2014, bighorn gas gathering recorded an impairment of its underlying assets when the operator determined that the volume decline would be sustained for the foreseeable future. as a result, oneok partners reviewed its equity investment in bighorn gas gathering for impairment and recorded noncash impairment charges of $76.4 million in 2014 related to bighorn gas gathering.
natural gas liquids growth projects - oneok partners' growth strategy in the natural gas liquids segment is focused around the crude oil and ngl-rich natural gas drilling activity in shale and other nonconventional resource areas from the rocky mountain region through the mid-continent region into texas and new mexico. crude oil, natural gas and ngl production from this activity; higher petrochemical industry demand for ngl products; and increased exports have resulted in oneok partners making additional capital investments to expand its infrastructure to bring these commodities from supply basins to market. expansion of the petrochemical industry in the united states is expected to increase ethane demand significantly beginning in 2017, and international demand for ngls, particularly propane, also is increasing and is expected to continue to do so in the future.
completed projects                                        location                   capacity   approximate costs (a)   completion date
ethane/propane splitter                                   gulf coast                40 mbbl/d                     $46   march 2014
(b) acquisition.
projects in progress                       location                 capacity   approximate costs (a)   expectedcompletion date
as a result of reductions in crude oil and natural gas drilling activities and the expectation of continued slower supply growth or declines due to the lower crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices, oneok partners has suspended capital expenditures for certain natural gas liquids infrastructure projects related to planned natural gas processing plants. oneok partners could resume its suspended capital-growth projects when market conditions improve and its customers' needs change. if the current commodity price environment persists for a prolonged period, it may further impact the timing or demand for these projects and additional infrastructure projects or growth opportunities in the future.
for a discussion of oneok partners' capital expenditure financing, see "capital expenditures" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section.
selected financial results - the natural gas liquids segment's financial results for the year ended december 31, 2015, reflect the benefits from the completed growth projects in the table above.
cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of items shown separately below)           5,328.3                 9,435.3                 9,908.1               (4,107.0     )          (44   )%           (472.8     )          (5   )%
equity in net earnings from investments                                        $38.7                   $27.3                   $22.0                  $11.4                 42   %              $5.3                24   %
capital expenditures                                                          $226.1                  $798.0                $1,128.3                $(571.9     )          (72   )%          $(330.3     )         (29   )%
cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash received                                  $-                  $800.9                  $153.0                $(800.9     )         (100   )%           $647.9                 *
in the first quarter 2014, oneok partners experienced increased propane demand and prices, which impacted its results of operations in 2014, due to colder than normal weather. the price of propane in the mid-continent market and the wider location price differentials between the mid-continent and gulf coast market centers peaked in late january 2014 and returned to then historical levels by the end of february 2014 as supply and demand balanced.
•   an increase of $191.0 million in fee-based exchange-services, which resulted from increased volumes from new plants connected in the williston basin and mid-continent region and higher revenues from customers with minimum volume obligations;
•   an increase of $81.8 million in the transportation business due primarily to the acquisition of the west texas lpg system in the permian basin, which was acquired in november 2014; and
•   a decrease of $118.4 million in the optimization, marketing and differentials-based activities, which resulted from a $66.3 million decrease due primarily to narrower ngl product price differentials, a $27.7 million decrease due primarily to narrower ngl location price differentials and a $24.4 million decrease in the marketing business. a portion of this decrease relates to the increased demand for propane experienced during the first quarter 2014;
operating costs increased primarily as a result of the completion of oneok partners' growth projects and acquisition and include the following:
•   an increase of $29.2 million due to the west texas lpg acquisition; and
depreciation and amortization expense increased due primarily to oneok partners' completed capital projects and acquisition.
equity in net earnings from investments increased in 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to higher volumes delivered to overland pass pipeline from oneok partners' bakken ngl pipeline.
capital expenditures decreased due primarily to the completion of several growth projects in 2014.
2014 vs. 2013 - oneok partners experienced significantly higher prices in the first quarter 2014 due to severely cold weather, compared with 2013. in response to increased heating demand, propane prices increased significantly at the mid-continent market center at conway, kansas, compared with the gulf coast market center at mont belvieu, texas, in the first quarter 2014. the price of propane in the mid-continent market and the wider location price differentials between the mid-continent and gulf coast market centers peaked in late january 2014 and returned to historical levels by the end of february 2014 as supply and demand balanced.
•   an increase of $157.4 million in fee-based exchange and transportation services, which resulted from increased volumes from new plants connected in the williston basin and mid-continent region, and higher fees for exchange-services activities resulting from contract renegotiations, offset partially by lower volumes from the termination of a contract;
•   an increase of $79.8 million in the optimization, marketing and differentials-based activities, which resulted from a $31.4 million increase due primarily to wider realized ngl product price differentials; a $25.2 million increase in the marketing business related primarily to increased weather-related seasonal demand for propane during the first quarter 2014, and marketing and truck and rail activities in the second, third and fourth quarters 2014; and a $23.2 million increase due primarily to significantly wider ngl location price differentials, primarily related to increased weather-related seasonal demand for propane during the first quarter 2014, offset partially by lower optimization volumes in the second, third and fourth quarters 2014 when differentials narrowed; and
•   an increase of $20.1 million due to higher outside services expenses associated primarily with scheduled maintenance and the growth of operations related to completed capital projects;
•   an increase of $15.5 million due to higher ad valorem taxes related to its completed capital projects;
•   an increase of $14.9 million due to higher employee-related costs due primarily to higher labor and employee benefit costs; and
depreciation and amortization expense increased due primarily to oneok partners' completed capital projects.
equity in net earnings from investments increased in 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to higher volumes delivered to overland pass pipeline from oneok partners' bakken ngl pipeline that was placed in service in april 2013 and revenues from minimum volume agreements, offset partially by increased ethane rejection and higher operating costs.
capital expenditures decreased due primarily to timing of expenditures on oneok partners' growth projects discussed above.
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
(b) - includes volumes at company-owned and third-party facilities.
natural gas pipelines growth projects - the following projects are in various stages of construction. roadrunner is a 50 percent-owned joint venture equity-method investment project. westex is a wholly owned project.
projects in progress                                              location          capacity   approximate costs (a)   expectedcompletion date
roadrunner gas transmission pipeline - equity-method investment phase i (b)                                                       permian basin   170 mmcf/d               $190-$210   first quarter 2016
(b) - 50-50 joint venture equity-method investment. approximate costs represents total project costs, which are expected to be financed with approximately 50 percent equity contributions and 50 percent debt issued by roadrunner. we expect oneok partners to make equity contributions for approximately 25 percent of the total project costs.
roadrunner - in march 2015, oneok partners entered into a 50-50 joint venture with a subsidiary of fermaca, a mexico city-based natural gas infrastructure company, to construct a pipeline to transport natural gas from the permian basin in west texas to the mexican border near el paso, texas. the roadrunner pipeline will connect with oneok partners' existing natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure in texas and, together with its westex intrastate natural gas transmission pipeline expansion project, is expected to create a platform for future opportunities to deliver natural gas supply to mexico. these integrated assets also are expected to provide markets in mexico access to upstream supply basins in west texas and the mid-continent region, which adds location and price diversity to their supply mix and supports the plan of mexico's national electric utility, comisión federal de electricidad, to replace oil-fueled power plants with natural gas-fueled power plants, which are more economical and produce fewer ghg emissions.
the roadrunner pipeline was fully subscribed for its initial design through an open season process held in december 2014. precedent agreements representing the initial design capacity have been executed with the comisión federal de electricidad and a fermaca subsidiary. all transportation agreements are firm demand charge and have a term of 25 years. additional capacity could become available through future expansions depending on market demand.
oneok partners is managing the construction of the project and will be the operator of the pipeline upon its completion. the estimated total cost of the project is approximately $430 million to $480 million. oneok partners contributed approximately $30 million to roadrunner for the year ended december 31, 2015. oneok partners expects to contribute approximately $50 million to roadrunner during 2016. roadrunner entered into a $230 million senior secured credit facility for the construction and operation of the pipeline. the senior secured credit facility expires seven years after the roadrunner phase ii in-service date, which is expected to be completed in the first quarter 2017. in addition, roadrunner executed interest-rate swaps to hedge the variability of its interest payments during the term of the credit facility. roadrunner's credit facility is nonrecourse to oneok and oneok partners, and neither oneok nor oneok partners guarantees roadrunner's debts or obligations under the credit facility.
roadrunner has all permits needed to complete construction on phase i and all permits needed to begin construction on phase ii. construction on both phase i and phase ii is ongoing and we expect phase i to be completed in the first quarter 2016.
westex pipeline expansion - in july 2015, oneok partners announced that it plans to expand the capacity of the westex intrastate natural gas pipeline by constructing two new compressor stations and upgrading or expanding three existing compressor stations. the expansion project is approximately 90 percent subscribed with long-term firm demand charge transportation contracts and will complement the roadrunner pipeline project. together, these projects provide markets in mexico access to upstream supply basins in west texas and the mid-continent region.
cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of items shown separately below)            34.5                  21.9                  39.8                 12.6                 58   %             (17.9     )         (45   )%
equity in net earnings from investments                                      $68.7                 $69.8                 $65.0                $(1.1     )           (2   )%             $4.8                 7   %
capital expenditures                                                         $58.2                 $43.0                 $34.7                $15.2                 35   %              $8.3                24   %
cash paid for acquisitions                                                      $-                 $14.0                    $-               $(14.0     )         (100   )%            $14.0                 *
•   a decrease of $24.3 million from lower short-term natural gas storage services as a result of weather-related seasonal demand associated with severely cold weather in the first quarter 2014;
gain on sale of assets decreased in 2015 primarily as a result of excess pad gas sales of $4.3 million in 2015, compared with $6.8 million in the prior year.
equity in net earnings from investments decreased $1.1 million due primarily to decreased park-and-loan services on northern border pipeline as a result of weather-related seasonal demand due to severely cold weather in the first quarter 2014, offset partially by an increase in contracted firm transportation.
capital expenditures increased due primarily to a compressor station expansion project.
•   an increase of $26.3 million due to higher transportation revenues primarily from increased rates on intrastate pipelines, higher contracted capacity and rates on midwestern gas transmission and increased interruptible transportation revenues from higher natural gas volumes transported;
•   an increase of $17.6 million from higher short-term natural gas storage services due to higher park-and-loan activity as a result of weather-related seasonal demand primarily in the first quarter 2014 and greater capacity available for such services;
•   an increase of $3.1 million from additional storage services to meet utility customers' peak-day demand; offset partially by
•   a decrease of $14.3 million due to lower storage revenues from lower contracted firm capacity.
operating costs increased primarily as a result of increased employee-related costs due to higher labor and employee benefit costs, as well as higher expenditures for outside services associated with scheduled maintenance and higher materials and supplies expenses.
gain on sale of assets decreased in 2014 as a result of excess pad gas sales of $6.8 million in 2014, compared with $10.5 million in the prior year.
equity in net earnings from investments increased $4.8 million due primarily to increased park-and-loan services on northern border pipeline as a result of increased weather-related seasonal demand in the first quarter 2014, offset partially by lower contracted capacity.
natural gas transportation capacity contracted (mdth/d)         5,840               5,781               5,524
transportation capacity subscribed                                 92    %             91    %             90    %
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
oneok partners' natural gas pipelines primarily serve end users, such as natural gas distribution and electric-generation companies, that require natural gas to operate their businesses regardless of location price differentials. the development of shale and other resource areas has continued to increase available natural gas supply resulting in narrower location and seasonal price differentials. as additional supply is developed, oneok partners expects crude oil and natural gas producers to demand incremental services in the future to transport their production to market. the abundance of shale gas supply and new regulations on emissions from coal-fired electric-generation plants may also increase the demand for oneok partners' services from electric-generation companies as they convert to a natural gas fuel source. conversely, contracted capacity by certain customers that are focused on capturing location or seasonal price differentials may decrease in the future due to narrowing price differentials. overall, oneok partners expects its fee-based earnings in this segment to remain relatively stable with growth in the permian basin as it completes construction of its roadrunner joint venture and its westex pipeline expansion.
in august 2014, viking gas transmission filed a "stipulation and agreement in resolutions of all issues concerning adjustment in rates of viking gas transmission company" (settlement) with the ferc. the settlement was approved on october 1, 2014, and became final on october 31, 2014. rates under the settlement became effective january 1, 2015.
northern border pipeline, in which oneok partners has a 50 percent ownership interest, has contracted substantially all of its long-haul transportation capacity through the first quarter 2017.
contingencies gas index pricing litigation - as previously reported, oneok and its subsidiary, oesc, along with several other energy companies, are defending multiple lawsuits arising from alleged market manipulation or false reporting of natural gas prices to natural gas-index publications alleged to have occurred prior to 2003. on april 10, 2013, the united states court of appeals for the ninth circuit reversed the summary judgments that had been granted in favor of oneok, oesc and other unaffiliated defendants in the following cases: reorganized fli, learjet, arandell, heartland and newpage. the ninth circuit also reversed the summary judgment that had been granted in favor of oesc on all state law claims asserted in the sinclair case. on april 21, 2015, the united states supreme court affirmed the decision of the ninth circuit. the cases have now been remanded back to the trial court (the united states district court for the district of nevada) for further proceedings.
because of the uncertainty surrounding the gas index pricing litigation, including an insufficient description of the purported classes and other related matters, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of potential exposures at this time. however, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters could result in future charges that may be material to our results of operations.
other legal proceedings - we and oneok partners are party to various other litigation matters and claims that have arisen in the normal course of our operations. while the results of these various other litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe the reasonably possible losses from such matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not material. additionally, we believe the probable final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
liquidity and capital resources general - we fund operating expenses, debt service and dividends to shareholders primarily from cash distributions received from oneok partners.
neither oneok nor oneok partners guarantees the debt or other similar commitments of unaffiliated parties. oneok does not guarantee the debt or other similar commitments of oneok partners, and oneok partners does not guarantee the debt or other similar commitments of oneok.
oneok - oneok's primary source of cash inflows are distributions to us from our general partner and limited partner interests in oneok partners. the cash distributions that we expect to receive from oneok partners are expected to provide sufficient resources to fund our operations, debt service and quarterly cash dividends. at december 31, 2015, we had approximately $92.5 million of cash on hand. our next long-term debt maturity is in 2022.
in march 2014, we completed the wind down of our energy services business. we expect future cash expenditures associated with the released transportation and storage capacity from the wind down of our energy services business to be approximately $37 million with approximately $19 million in 2016, $10 million in 2017, $4 million in 2018 and $4 million from 2019 through 2023.
oneok partners - oneok partners relies primarily on operating cash flows, commercial paper, bank credit facilities, debt issuances and the issuance of common units for its liquidity and capital resources requirements. as of december 31, 2015, oneok partners had $5.1 million of cash on hand and available capacity under its partnership credit agreement of $1.8 billion. in addition, in january 2016, oneok partners entered into the $1.0 billion senior unsecured term loan agreement with a syndicate of banks that matures in january 2019.
oneok partners funds its operating expenses, debt service and cash distributions to its limited partners and general partner primarily with operating cash flows. to the extent operating cash flows are not sufficient to fund its cash distributions, oneok partners may utilize short- and long-term debt and issuances of equity, as necessary. capital expenditures are funded by operating cash flows, short- and long-term debt and issuances of equity. oneok partners' ability to continue to access capital markets for debt and equity financing under reasonable terms depends on its financial condition, credit ratings and market conditions. the significant decline in commodity prices has increased the cost of debt and equity financing for oneok partners and others in the industry. while lower commodity prices and industry uncertainty may result in increased financing costs, oneok partners expects to utilize its commercial paper program, partnership credit agreement, term loan agreement and cash from operations to fund its announced growth capital expenditures, refinance its senior notes maturities and meet its working capital needs through 2016 and well into 2017. however, oneok partners may access the capital markets to issue debt or equity securities prior to that time as it considers prudent to provide liquidity for new capital projects, to maintain investment-grade credit ratings or other partnership purposes.
cash management - we and oneok partners each use similar centralized cash management programs that concentrate the cash assets of our operating subsidiaries in joint accounts for the purposes of providing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of borrowing, transaction costs and bank fees. both centralized cash management programs provide that funds in excess of the daily needs of the operating subsidiaries are concentrated, consolidated or otherwise made available for use by other entities within the respective consolidated groups. oneok partners' operating subsidiaries participate in these programs to the extent they are permitted pursuant to ferc regulations or their operating agreements. under these cash management programs, depending on whether a participating subsidiary has short-term cash surpluses or cash requirements, we and oneok partners provide cash to our respective subsidiaries or the subsidiaries provide cash to us.
short-term liquidity - oneok's sources of short-term liquidity are quarterly distributions from oneok partners, cash on hand of $92.5 million as of december 31, 2015, and access to our $300 million oneok credit agreement. we terminated our commercial paper program in february 2014. at december 31, 2015, oneok had no short-term debt outstanding.
oneok partners' principal sources of short-term liquidity consist of cash generated from operating activities, distributions received from its equity-method investments and proceeds from its commercial paper program, the oneok partners credit agreement and its "at-the-market" equity program.
oneok partners had working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) deficits of approximately $697 million and $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. although working capital is influenced by several factors, including, among other things, (i) the timing of (a) scheduled debt payments, (b) the collection and payment of accounts receivable and payable, and (c) equity and debt issuances, and (ii) the volume and cost of inventory and commodity imbalances, oneok partners' working capital deficit at december 31, 2014, was driven primarily by oneok partners' capital-growth projects and oneok partners' $800 million acquisition of west texas lpg in november 2014, which were initially funded with short-term borrowings under its commercial paper program. oneok partners repaid these short-term borrowings with cash from operations, its march 2015 debt issuance, equity issued through its "at-the-market" equity program and its august 2015 equity issuances. oneok partners' working capital deficit at december 31, 2015, was driven primarily by its capital-growth projects. oneok partners may have working capital deficits in future periods as it continues to finance its capital-growth projects, often initially with short-term borrowings. we do not expect oneok partners' working capital deficit to have an adverse impact to our or oneok partners' cash flows or operations. the consolidated working capital balance is impacted primarily by oneok partners' working capital balance.
the weighted-average interest rate at december 31, 2015, on oneok partners' short-term borrowings was 1.43 percent. based on the forward libor curve, we expect the interest rates on oneok partners' short-term borrowings to increase in 2016, compared with interest rates on amounts outstanding at december 31, 2015.
oneok credit agreement - in january 2016, we extended the term of our oneok credit agreement by one year to january 2020. at december 31, 2015, we had $1.1 million in letters of credit issued under the oneok credit agreement and approximately $92.5 million of cash and cash equivalents. we had $298.9 million of credit available at december 31, 2015, under the oneok credit agreement.
the oneok credit agreement is a $300 million revolving credit facility and contains certain financial, operational and legal covenants. among other things, these covenants include maintaining a ratio of indebtedness to consolidated ebitda (ebitda, as defined in the oneok credit agreement) of no more than 4.0 to 1. upon breach of certain covenants by us in the oneok credit agreement, amounts outstanding under our oneok credit agreement, if any, may become due and payable immediately. at december 31, 2015, our ratio of indebtedness to consolidated ebitda was 2.3 to 1, and we were in compliance with all covenants under the oneok credit agreement.
the oneok credit agreement also includes a $50 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit and a $50 million sublimit for swingline loans. under the terms of the oneok credit agreement, we may request an increase in the size of the facility to an aggregate of $500 million from $300 million by either commitments from new lenders or increased commitments from existing lenders. the oneok credit agreement contains provisions for an applicable margin rate and an annual facility fee, both of which adjust with changes in our credit rating. based on our current credit rating, borrowings, if any, will accrue interest at libor plus 145 basis points, and the annual facility fee is 30 basis points.
oneok partners credit agreement - at december 31, 2015, oneok partners had $246.3 million of commercial paper outstanding, $14 million of letters of credit issued and $300 million of borrowings outstanding under the oneok partners credit agreement. at december 31, 2015, oneok partners had approximately $5.1 million of cash and cash equivalents and approximately $1.8 billion of credit available under the oneok partners credit agreement.
in january 2016, oneok partners extended the term of its oneok partners credit agreement by one year to january 2020. the oneok partners credit agreement is a $2.4 billion revolving credit facility and includes a $100 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit and a $150 million swingline sublimit. the oneok partners credit agreement is available for general partnership purposes. during the first quarter 2015, oneok partners increased the size of the oneok partners credit agreement and commercial paper program each to $2.4 billion from $1.7 billion. amounts outstanding under oneok partners' commercial paper program reduce the borrowing capacity under the oneok partners credit agreement.
the oneok partners credit agreement contains provisions for an applicable margin rate and an annual facility fee, both of which adjust with changes in oneok partners' credit rating. under the terms of the oneok partners credit agreement, based on oneok partners' current credit rating, borrowings, if any, will accrue at libor plus 117.5 basis points, and the annual facility fee is 20 basis points. the oneok partners credit agreement is guaranteed fully and unconditionally by the intermediate partnership.
the oneok partners credit agreement contains certain financial, operational and legal covenants. among other things, these covenants include maintaining a ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda (ebitda, as defined in the oneok partners credit agreement, adjusted for all noncash charges and increased for projected ebitda from certain lender-approved capital expansion projects) of no more than 5.0 to 1. if oneok partners consummates one or more acquisitions in which the aggregate purchase price is $25 million or more, the allowable ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda will be increased to 5.5 to 1 for the quarter in which the acquisition was completed and the two following quarters. as a result of the west texas lpg acquisition oneok partners completed in the fourth quarter 2014, the allowable ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda increased to 5.5 to 1 through the second quarter 2015. if oneok partners were to breach certain covenants in the oneok partners credit agreement, amounts outstanding under the oneok partners credit agreement, if any, may become due and payable immediately. at december 31, 2015, oneok partners' ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda was 4.4 to 1, and oneok partners was in compliance with all covenants under the oneok partners credit agreement. at december 31, 2015, oneok partners could have issued $1.0 billion of incremental short- and long-term debt to meet its liquidity needs under the most restrictive provisions contained in its various borrowing agreements.
borrowings under the oneok partners credit agreement, oneok partners' term loan agreement and oneok partners' senior notes are nonrecourse to oneok, and oneok does not guarantee oneok partners' debt, commercial paper or other similar commitments.
long-term financing - we expect oneok partners to fund its longer-term financing requirements by issuing common units or long-term notes. other options to obtain financing include, but are not limited to, issuance of convertible debt securities, asset securitization and the sale and lease back of facilities.
oneok partners' ability to obtain financing is subject to changes in the debt and equity markets, and there is no assurance it will be able or willing to access the public or private markets in the future. oneok partners may choose to meet its cash requirements by utilizing some combination of cash flows from operations, borrowing under its commercial paper program or the oneok partners credit agreement, altering the timing of controllable expenditures, restricting future acquisitions and
capital projects, selling assets or pursuing other debt or equity financing alternatives. some of these alternatives could result in higher costs or negatively affect its respective credit ratings, among other factors. based on oneok partners' investment-grade credit ratings, general financial condition and expectations regarding its future earnings and projected cash flows, we expect oneok partners will be able to meet its cash requirements and maintain investment-grade credit ratings.
oneok debt issuance - in august 2015, we completed an underwritten public offering of $500 million, 7.5 percent senior notes due 2023. the net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other expenses, were approximately $487.1 million. we used the proceeds together with cash on hand to purchase $650 million of additional common units from oneok partners.
oneok partners' debt issuances and maturities - in january 2016, oneok partners entered into the $1.0 billion senior unsecured delayed-draw term loan agreement with a syndicate of banks, which may be drawn by april 7, 2016. oneok partners expects to draw the full $1.0 billion available under the agreement and use the proceeds to effectively refinance its $650 million, 3.25 percent senior notes that matured on february 1, 2016, and its $450 million, 6.15 percent senior notes that mature on october 1, 2016. the term loan agreement matures in january 2019 and will bear interest at libor plus a margin that is based on the credit ratings assigned to oneok partners' senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness. based on oneok partners' current applicable credit rating, borrowings on the term loan agreement will accrue at libor plus 130.0 basis points. the term loan agreement contains an option, which may be exercised up to two times, to extend the term of the loan, in each case, for an additional one-year term subject to approval of the banks. the term loan agreement provides an option to prepay, without penalty or premium, the amount outstanding, or any portion thereof and contains substantially the same covenants as those contained in the oneok partners credit agreement.
in march 2015, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of $800 million of senior notes, consisting of $300 million, 3.8 percent senior notes due 2020, and $500 million, 4.9 percent senior notes due 2025. the net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, were approximately $792.3 million. oneok partners used the proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program and for general partnership purposes.
in september 2013, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of $1.25 billion of senior notes, consisting of $425 million, 3.2 percent senior notes due 2018, $425 million, 5.0 percent senior notes due 2023 and $400 million, 6.2 percent senior notes due 2043. a portion of the net proceeds from the offering of approximately $1.24 billion was used to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, and the balance was used for general partnership purposes, including but not limited to capital expenditures and acquisitions.
oneok partners' equity issuances - in august 2015, oneok partners completed a private placement of 21.5 million common units at a price of $30.17 per unit with us. additionally, oneok partners completed a concurrent sale of approximately 3.3 million common units at a price of $30.17 per unit to funds managed by kayne anderson capital advisors in a registered direct offering, which were issued through its existing "at-the-market" equity program. the combined offerings generated net cash proceeds of approximately $749 million to oneok partners. in conjunction with these issuances, oneok partners gp contributed approximately $15.3 million in order to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners. oneok partners used the proceeds for general partnership purposes, including capital expenditures and repayment of commercial paper borrowings.
oneok partners has an "at-the-market" equity program for the offer and sale from time to time of its common units, up to an aggregate amount of $650 million. the program allows oneok partners to offer and sell its common units at prices it deems appropriate through a sales agent. sales of common units are made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the nyse, in block transactions or as otherwise agreed to between oneok partners and the sales agent. oneok partners is under no obligation to offer and sell common units under the program. at december 31, 2015, oneok partners had approximately $138 million of registered common units available for issuance through its "at-the-market" equity program.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, oneok partners sold 10.5 million common units through its "at-the-market" equity program, including the units sold to funds managed by kayne anderson capital advisors in the offering discussed above. the gross proceeds, including oneok partners gp's contribution to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners, were approximately $384.4 million. net cash proceeds, after deducting agent commissions and other related costs, were approximately $381.6 million to oneok partners, which were used for general partnership purposes, including repayment of commercial paper borrowings.
in may 2014, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of 13.9 million common units at a public offering price of $52.94 per common unit, generating net proceeds of approximately $714.5 million. in conjunction with this issuance, oneok partners gp contributed approximately $15.0 million in order to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners. oneok partners used the proceeds for general partnership purposes, including capital expenditures and repayment of commercial paper borrowings.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, oneok partners sold 7.9 million common units through its "at-the-market" equity program. the gross proceeds, including oneok partners gp's contribution to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners, were approximately $408.1 million. net cash proceeds, after deducting agent commissions and other related costs, were approximately $402.1 million to oneok partners, which were used for general partnership purposes.
in august 2013, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of 11.5 million common units at a public offering price of $49.61 per common unit, generating net proceeds of approximately $553.4 million. in conjunction with this issuance, oneok partners gp contributed approximately $11.6 million in order to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners. oneok partners used a portion of the proceeds from its august 2013 equity issuance to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, and the balance was used for general partnership purposes.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, oneok partners sold 681,000 common units through its "at-the-market" equity program. the gross proceeds, including oneok partners gp's contribution to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners, were approximately $36.6 million. net cash proceeds, after deducting agent commissions and other related costs, were approximately $36.1 million to oneok partners, which were used for general partnership purposes.
interest-rate swaps - oneok partners has entered into forward-starting interest-rate swaps to hedge the variability of interest payments on a portion of forecasted debt issuances that may result from changes in the benchmark interest rate before the debt is issued. upon oneok partners' debt issuance in march 2015, oneok partners paid $55.1 million to settle $500 million of its interest-rate swaps. at december 31, 2015, oneok partners had forward-starting interest-rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $400 million that were designated as cash flow hedges and have settlement dates of less than 12 months.
in january 2016, oneok partners entered into forward-starting interest-rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $1.0 billion for the period of april 2016 through july 2018 and forward-starting interest-rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $500 million for the period of july 2018 through january 2019 that were designated as cash flow hedges to hedge the variability of its libor-based interest payments.
capital expenditures - oneok partners' capital expenditures are financed typically through operating cash flows, short- and long-term debt and the issuance of equity. oneok partners' capital expenditures were approximately $1.2 billion, $1.7 billion and $1.9 billion for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. capital expenditures for oneok partners for 2015 decreased, compared with 2014, due primarily to the completion of several large projects in 2014. oneok partners realigned its capital-growth projects with the needs of its crude oil and natural gas producer customers, which included suspending, reducing or eliminating certain capital-growth projects to reduce its capital expenditures. capital expenditures decreased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to the timing of expenditures on growth projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments.
the following table sets forth oneok partners' 2016 projected capital expenditures, excluding afudc:
2016 projected capital expenditures
total projected capital expenditures                  $600
in 2016, we expect lower capital spending at oneok partners, compared with spending levels from 2013 through 2015, due to the current commodity price environment and alignment of capital-growth projects with the needs of oneok partners' customers. oneok partners expects to finance 2016 capital expenditures with cash flows from operations and short-term borrowings and does not expect a need to issue public debt or equity in 2016 and well into 2017. however, oneok partners may access the capital markets to issue debt or equity securities prior to that time as it considers prudent to provide liquidity for new capital projects, to maintain investment-grade credit ratings or other partnership purposes.
oneok's capital expenditures were approximately $2 million, $33 million and $317 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. capital expenditures for oneok decreased due to the separation of the natural gas distribution business.
unconsolidated affiliates - the overland pass pipeline company limited liability company agreement provides that distributions to overland pass pipeline company's members are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each member's ownership interest. the overland pass pipeline company management committee determines the amount and timing of such distributions. any changes to, or suspension of, cash distributions from overland pass pipeline company requires the unanimous approval of the overland pass pipeline management committee. cash distributions are equal to 100 percent of available cash as defined in the limited liability company agreement.
the northern border pipeline partnership agreement provides that distributions to northern border pipeline's partners are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each partner's percentage interest. the northern border pipeline management committee determines the amount and timing of such distributions. any changes to, or suspension of, the cash distribution policy of northern border pipeline requires the unanimous approval of the northern border pipeline management committee. cash distributions are equal to 100 percent of distributable cash flow as determined from northern border pipeline's financial statements based upon ebitda less interest expense and maintenance capital expenditures. loans or other advances from northern border pipeline to its partners or affiliates are prohibited under its credit agreement.
the roadrunner limited liability agreement provides that distributions to members are made on a pro rata basis according to each member's ownership interest. cash distributions are paid within 45 days following the end of each quarter. any changes to, or suspension of, the cash distributions from roadrunner requires approval of the roadrunner management committee. voting rights for the roadrunner management committee are allocated on a pro rata basis according to each member's ownership interest. cash distributions are equal to 100 percent of available cash, as defined in the limited liability company agreement.
west texas lpg pipeline - the limited partnership agreement of wtlpg provides that distributions to the partners are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each partner's ownership interest. cash distributions to the partners are currently declared and paid by wtlpg each calendar quarter. any changes to, or suspension of, the cash distributions from wtlpg requires the approval of a minimum of 90 percent of the ownership interest and a minimum of two general partners of wtlpg. cash distributions are equal to 100 percent of distributable cash as defined in the limited partnership agreement of wtlpg.
credit ratings - oneok and oneok partners' credit ratings as of february 16, 2016, are shown in the table below:
oneok                   oneok partners rating agency   rating       outlook    rating          outlook moody's         ba1          stable     baa2            negative s&amp;p         bb+          negative   bbb             negative in connection with our august 2015 $500 million notes offering, moody's downgraded oneok's rating to ba1 and s&p affirmed oneok's rating but revised our outlook to negative from stable. in august 2015, moody's and s&p affirmed oneok partners' current credit ratings and revised its outlook to negative from stable.
oneok partners' commercial paper program is rated prime-2 by moody's and a-2 by s&p. oneok partners' credit ratings, which are investment grade, may be affected by a material change in financial ratios or a material event affecting its business and industry. the most common criteria for assessment of oneok partners' credit ratings are the debt-to-ebitda ratio, interest coverage, business risk profile and liquidity.
recent declines in the energy commodity price environment and its impact on oneok partners' results of operations and cash flows could cause the credit rating agencies to downgrade its credit ratings. if oneok partners' credit ratings were downgraded, the cost to borrow funds under its commercial paper program and the oneok partners credit agreement would increase, and oneok partners could potentially lose access to the commercial paper market. in the event that oneok partners is unable to borrow funds under its commercial paper program and there has not been a material adverse change in its business, oneok partners would continue to have access to the oneok partners credit agreement, which expires in january 2020. an adverse credit rating change alone is not a default under the oneok credit agreement or the oneok partners credit agreement. a downgrade in oneok partners' credit ratings would likely result in a downgrade to oneok's credit ratings. however, we would not expect a downgrade to our credit ratings to have a material impact on our results of operations.
in the normal course of business, oneok partners' counterparties provide secured and unsecured credit. in the event of a downgrade in oneok partners' credit ratings or a significant change in oneok partners' counterparties' evaluation of its creditworthiness, oneok partners could be required to provide additional collateral in the form of cash, letters of credit or other negotiable instruments as a condition of continuing to conduct business with such counterparties. oneok partners may be required to fund margin requirements with its counterparties with cash, letters of credit or other negotiable instruments.
oneok partners cash distributions - oneok partners distributes 100 percent of its available cash, as defined in its partnership agreement that generally consists of all cash receipts less adjustments for cash disbursements and net change to reserves, to its general and limited partners. distributions are allocated to the general partner and limited partners according to their partnership percentages of 2 percent and 98 percent, respectively. the effect of any incremental allocations for incentive distributions to the general partner is calculated after the allocation to the general partner's partnership interest and before the allocation to the limited partners.
in the second and third quarters of 2015, oneok partners' cash flow from operations exceeded its cash distributions. however, for the year ended december 31, 2015, oneok partners' cash distributions exceeded its cash flow from operations. as a result, oneok partners utilized cash from operations, its commercial paper program and distributions received from its equity-method investments to fund its cash distributions. we expect increases in cash flows from operations in 2016, compared with 2015, due primarily to completion of oneok partners' growth projects that we expect will provide increasing volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments and higher fee revenues as a result of restructured contracts that we expect will provide increasing operating income in the natural gas gathering and processing segment.
energy commodity prices - oneok partners is subject to commodity price volatility. significant fluctuations in commodity prices will affect its overall liquidity due to the impact commodity price changes have on its cash flows from operating activities, including the impact on working capital for ngls and natural gas held in storage, margin requirements and certain energy-related receivables. the decline in commodity prices has contributed to a decrease in oneok partners' common unit price. while lower commodity prices and industry uncertainty may result in increased financing costs, we believe oneok partners has secured sufficient access to the financial resources and liquidity necessary to meet its requirements for working capital, debt service payments and capital expenditures through 2016 and well into 2017. we believe that its available credit and cash and cash equivalents are adequate to meet liquidity requirements associated with commodity price volatility. see discussion under "commodity price risk" in item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, for information on oneok partners' hedging activities.
pension and postretirement benefit plans - information about our pension and postretirement benefits plans, including anticipated contributions, is included under note n of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
during 2015, we made no contributions to our defined benefit pension plans, and $2.0 million in contributions to our postretirement benefit plans. we expect to make no contributions to our defined benefit pension plan and approximately $2.0 million in contributions to our postretirement plans in 2016.
cash flow analysis we use the indirect method to prepare our consolidated statements of cash flows. under this method, we reconcile net income to cash flows provided by operating activities by adjusting net income for those items that affect net income but do not
result in actual cash receipts or payments during the period and for operating cash items that do not impact net income. these reconciling items include depreciation and amortization, allowance for equity funds used during construction, gain or loss on sale of assets, deferred income taxes, equity in net earnings from investments, distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates, share-based compensation expense, other amounts and changes in our assets and liabilities not classified as investing or financing activities.
the following table sets forth the changes in cash flows by operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated:
operating activities                                                             $1,007.0                $1,285.6                $1,294.8
investing activities                                                             (1,190.7    )           (2,566.2    )           (2,642.0    )
financing activities                                                                108.5                 1,304.5                   912.9
operating cash flows - operating cash flows are affected by earnings from our business activities. changes in commodity prices and demand for our services or products, whether because of general economic conditions, changes in supply, changes in demand for the end products that are made with our products or increased competition from other service providers, could affect our earnings and operating cash flows.
2015 vs. 2014 - cash flows from operating activities, before changes in operating assets and liabilities, were approximately $1.16 billion in 2015, compared with $1.23 billion in 2014. the decrease was due primarily to higher interest expense and operating costs, offset partially by higher operating income provided by revenues less cost of sales and fuel at oneok partners, as discussed in "financial results and operating information."
the changes in operating assets and liabilities decreased operating cash flows by approximately $149.0 million in 2015, compared with an increase of $58.3 million in 2014. the decrease was due primarily to the billing, collection and payment of trade receivables and payables resulting from the timing of cash collections from customers and payments made to vendors and suppliers, which vary from period to period. this change is also due to the change in natural gas and ngl volumes in storage. in the first quarter 2015, oneok partners also paid $55.1 million to settle forward-starting interest-rate swaps in connection with its march 2015 debt offering.
2014 vs. 2013 - cash flows from operating activities, before changes in operating assets and liabilities, were approximately $1.2 billion in 2014, compared with $1.3 billion in 2013. the decrease was due primarily to 2013 operating activities including a full year of operations of our former natural gas distribution business, which was separated from oneok on january 31, 2014, as discussed in note b, offset partially by higher operating income from oneok partners, as discussed in "financial results and operating information."
the changes in operating assets and liabilities increased operating cash flows by approximately $58.3 million in 2014, compared with a decrease of $7.2 million in 2013. the increase was due primarily to the collection and payment of trade receivables and payables resulting from the timing of cash collections from customers and paid to vendors and suppliers, which vary from period to period. this change is also due to the change in ngl volumes in storage. these increases were offset partially by higher settlements of liabilities associated with the wind down of our former energy services business and higher imbalances.
investing cash flows - cash used in investing activities decreased for 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to the completion of growth projects at oneok partners, the west texas lpg acquisition in 2014 and the timing of capital expenditures for oneok partners' growth projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments, offset partially by contributions made to roadrunner in 2015. oneok partners also had an acquisition in the first quarter 2014 in the natural gas pipelines segment.
cash used in investing activities decreased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to decreased capital expenditures due to the separation of one gas and lower oneok partners capital expenditures primarily in the natural gas liquids segment, due to the timing of expenditures, offset partially by the acquisition of the west texas lpg system.
financing cash flows - cash provided by financing activities decreased for 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to repayment of short-term borrowings at oneok partners associated with completing the west texas lpg acquisition, increased distributions from oneok partners to noncontrolling interests and increased oneok dividends. additionally, oneok and oneok partners combined raised capital of approximately $1.7 billion through both debt and equity issuances, net of oneok's purchase of additional common units in oneok partners, compared with approximately $2.3 billion in 2014, which includes senior notes issued by one gas in january 2014, which at the time was our consolidated subsidiary. these were offset partially by repayments of long-term debt of approximately $7.7 million in 2015, compared with approximately $557.7 million in 2014, and oneok's repayment of approximately $564.5 million of commercial paper in 2014 with proceeds received from one gas.
cash provided by financing activities increased for 2014, compared with 2013. the increases were due primarily to the issuance of $1.2 billion of one gas debt, higher issuances of oneok partners common units and oneok partners' short-term borrowings associated with completing the west texas lpg acquisition. this was offset partially by oneok's repayment of long-term debt from the proceeds received from one gas. cash flows also were affected by increased distributions from oneok partners to noncontrolling interests and increased oneok dividends in 2014, compared with 2013.
estimates and critical accounting policies the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. these estimates and assumptions also affect the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. although we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable, actual results could differ from our estimates.
the following is a summary of our most critical accounting policies, which are defined as those estimates and policies most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and requiring management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgment, particularly because of the need to make estimates concerning the impact of inherently uncertain matters. we have discussed the development and selection of our estimates and critical accounting policies with the audit committee of our board of directors.
derivatives and risk-management activities - we and oneok partners utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. the accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. when possible, we implement effective hedging strategies using derivative financial instruments that qualify as hedges for accounting purposes. we have not used derivative instruments for trading purposes.
we assess the effectiveness of hedging relationships quarterly by performing an effectiveness test on our hedging relationships to determine whether they are highly effective on a retrospective and prospective basis. we do not believe that changes in our fair value estimates of our derivative instruments have a material impact on our results of operations, as the majority of our derivatives are accounted for as cash flow hedges for which ineffectiveness is not material. however, if a derivative instrument is ineligible for cash flow hedge accounting or if we fail to appropriately designate it as a cash flow hedge, changes in fair value of the derivative instrument would be recorded currently in earnings. additionally, if a cash flow hedge ceases to qualify for hedge accounting treatment because it is no longer probable that the forecasted transaction will occur, the change in fair value of the derivative instrument would be recognized in earnings. for more information on commodity price sensitivity and a discussion of the market risk of pricing changes, see item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
see notes d and e of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional discussion of fair value measurements and derivatives and risk-management activities.
impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets, including intangible assets - we assess our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually on july 1, unless events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred before that time. while there have been sharp declines in commodity prices over the past year, oneok partners is responding to the low commodity price environment by suspending certain capital-growth projects, aligning operating costs with the needs of its crude oil and natural gas producer customers, utilizing hedging to partially mitigate the low commodity prices and actively working to increase the fee-based component in the pop with fee contracts in the natural gas gathering and processing segment, which is the segment with the most commodity price exposure. each reporting period, we assess these qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of the reporting units is less than its carrying amount. at july 1, 2015, due to the current commodity price environment, we elected to perform a quantitative assessment, or step 1 analysis, to test our goodwill for impairment. the assessment included the commodity price assumptions, expected contractual terms, anticipated operating costs and volume estimates. our goodwill impairment analysis performed as of july 1, 2015, did not result in an impairment charge nor did our analysis reflect any reporting units at risk. in each reporting unit, the fair value substantially exceeded its carrying value. at december 31, 2015, we performed a qualitative review given the decline in commodity prices, oneok partners' unit price and our share price since our assessment as of july 1, 2015, and determined that no event has occurred indicating that the implied fair value of each of the reporting units is less than the carrying value of its net assets.
as part of our goodwill impairment test, we may first assess qualitative factors (including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors and overall financial performance) to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. if further testing is necessary or a quantitative test is elected, we perform a two-step impairment test for goodwill. in the first step, an initial assessment is made by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its book value, including goodwill. if the fair value is less than the book value, an impairment is indicated, and we must perform a second test to measure the amount of the impairment. in the second test, we calculate the implied fair value of the goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net assets of the reporting unit from the fair value determined in step one of the assessment. if the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, we will record an impairment charge.
to estimate the fair value of our reporting units, we use two generally accepted valuation approaches, an income approach and a market approach, using assumptions consistent with a market participant's perspective. under the income approach, we use anticipated cash flows over a period of years plus a terminal value and discount these amounts to their present value using appropriate discount rates. under the market approach, we apply ebitda multiples to forecasted ebitda. the multiples used are consistent with historical asset transactions. the forecasted cash flows are based on average forecasted cash flows for a reporting unit over a period of years.
as part of our indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test, we first assess qualitative factors similar to those considered in the goodwill impairment test to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. if further testing is necessary, we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset with its book value. the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset is estimated using the market approach. under the market approach, we apply multiples to forecasted cash flows of the assets associated with our indefinite-lived intangible asset. the multiples used are consistent with historical asset transactions. after assessing qualitative and quantitative factors, we determined that there were no impairments to our indefinite-lived intangible asset in 2015. there were also no impairment charges resulting from our 2014 or 2013 annual impairment tests.
we assess our long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. an impairment is indicated if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. if an impairment is indicated, we record an impairment loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the long-lived asset.
for the investments we account for under the equity method, the impairment test considers whether the fair value of the equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. therefore, we periodically reevaluate the amount at which we carry our equity-method investments to determine whether current events or circumstances warrant adjustments to our carrying value.
impairment charges - oneok partners recorded $264.3 million and $76.4 million of noncash impairment charges, primarily related to its long-lived assets and equity investments in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
our impairment tests require the use of assumptions and estimates such as industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. if actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates or our assumptions and estimates change due to new information, we may be exposed to future impairment charges.
see notes f, g and p of the notes to consolidated financial statements for our long-lived assets, goodwill and equity-method investments disclosures.
pension and postretirement employee benefits - we have a defined benefit retirement plan covering certain full-time employees. we sponsor welfare plans that provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain employees who retire with at least five years of service. the expense and liability related to these plans is calculated using statistical and other factors that attempt to anticipate future events. these factors include assumptions about the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases, age and employment periods. in determining the projected benefit obligations and costs, assumptions can change from period to period and may result in material changes in the costs and liabilities we recognize. see note n of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional information.
during 2015, we recorded net periodic benefit costs of $21.9 million related to our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefits plans in continuing operations.
in connection with the separation of the natural gas distribution business, oneok entered into an employee matters agreement with one gas, which provides that employees of one gas no longer participate in benefit plans sponsored or maintained by oneok, as of january 1, 2014. the oneok defined benefit pension plan and postretirement benefit plans transferred an allocable portion of assets and obligations related to those employees transferring to one gas to newly established trusts for the one gas plans. this resulted in a decrease in oneok's sponsored qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement plan obligations of approximately $1.1 billion and a decrease in oneok's sponsored pension and postretirement plan assets of approximately $1.0 billion. additionally, as a result of the transfer of unrecognized losses to one gas, oneok's deferred income taxes and regulatory assets decreased approximately $86.0 million and $331.1 million, respectively.
we estimate that in 2016, we will record net periodic benefit costs of $17.2 million related to our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefits plans.
the following table sets forth the weighted-average assumptions used to determine our estimated 2016 net periodic benefit cost related to our defined benefit pension plans, and sensitivity to changes with respect to these assumptions.
rate used   costsensitivity (a)              obligationsensitivity (b)
(b) - approximate impact a quarter percentage point decrease in the assumed rate would have on defined benefit pension obligation.
a quarter percentage point change in either of the assumed rates would not have a significant impact on our postretirement benefit plan costs or obligation. assumed health care cost-trend rates have an effect on the amounts reported for our postretirement benefit plans. a one percentage point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects:
effect on postretirement benefit obligation    $0.9                                      $(0.8                   )
during 2015, we made no contributions to our defined benefit pension plan and $2.0 million in contributions to our postretirement benefit plans for our continuing operations. at december 31, 2015, we expect to make no contributions to our defined benefit pension plan and approximately $2.0 million in contributions to our postretirement plans in 2016.
contingencies - our accounting for contingencies covers a variety of business activities, including contingencies for legal and environmental exposures. we accrue these contingencies when our assessments indicate that it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset will not be recovered and an amount can be reasonably estimated. we expense legal fees as incurred and base our legal liability estimates on currently available facts and our assessments of the ultimate outcome or resolution. accruals for estimated losses from environmental remediation obligations generally are recognized no later than the completion of a remediation feasibility study. recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties are recorded as assets when their receipt is deemed probable. our expenditures for environmental evaluation, mitigation, remediation and compliance to date have not been significant in relation to our financial position or results of operations, and our expenditures related to environmental matters had no material effect on earnings or cash flows during 2015, 2014 or 2013. actual results may differ from our estimates resulting in an impact, positive or negative, on earnings.
see note r of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional discussion of contingencies.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table sets forth our contractual obligations related to debt, operating leases and other long-term obligations as of december 31, 2015. for additional discussion of the debt agreements, see note i of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. the table below includes the contractual obligations of our former energy services business as oneok remains responsible for those obligations. the table below does not include the obligations of our former natural gas distribution business as those obligations have been transferred to and are now the responsibility of one gas as of the separation on january 31, 2014.
employee benefit plans                                                 33.0                   2.0                 9.0                10.0                12.0                   -                     -
purchase commitments, rights of way and other                         305.4                  74.3                74.1                74.4                31.2                31.3                  20.1
firm transportation and storage contracts - the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments are party to fixed-price contracts for firm transportation and storage capacity.
energy services firm transportation and storage contracts - these obligations include future payments related to released contracts. see additional information in note b in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
financial and physical derivatives - these are obligations arising from oneok partners' fixed- and variable-price purchase commitments for physical and financial commodity derivatives. estimated future variable-price purchase commitments are based on market information at december 31, 2015. actual future variable-price purchase obligations may vary depending on market prices at the time of delivery. sales of the related physical volumes and net positive settlements of financial derivatives are not reflected in the table above.
employee benefit plans - we expect to make no contributions to our defined benefit pension plan and approximately $2.0 million in contributions to our postretirement plans in 2016. see note n of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for discussion of our employee benefit plans.
purchase commitments, rights of way and other - purchase commitments include commitments related to oneok partners' growth capital expenditures and other rights-of-way and contractual commitments. purchase commitments exclude commodity purchase contracts, which are included in the "financial and physical derivatives" amounts.
forward-looking statements some of the statements contained and incorporated in this annual report are forward-looking statements as defined under federal securities laws. the forward-looking statements relate to our anticipated financial performance (including projected operating income, net income, capital expenditures, cash flow and projected levels of dividends and distributions), liquidity, management's plans and objectives for our future growth projects and other future operations (including plans to construct additional natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines and processing facilities and related cost estimates), our business prospects, the outcome of regulatory and legal proceedings, market conditions and other matters. we make these forward-looking statements in reliance on the safe harbor protections provided under federal securities legislation and other applicable laws. the following discussion is intended to identify important factors that could cause future outcomes to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
forward-looking statements include the items identified in the preceding paragraph, the information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations and other statements contained or incorporated in this annual report identified by words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "should," "goal," "forecast," "guidance," "could," "may," "continue," "might," "potential," "scheduled" and other words and terms of similar meaning.
one should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. those factors may affect our operations, markets, products, services and prices. in addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with the forward-looking statements, factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statement include, among others, the following:
•   competition from other united states and foreign energy suppliers and transporters, as well as alternative forms of energy, including, but not limited to, solar power, wind power, geothermal energy and biofuels such as ethanol and biodiesel;
•   the capital intensive nature of our businesses;
•   the profitability of assets or businesses acquired or constructed by us;
•   our ability to make cost-saving changes in operations;
•   risks of marketing, trading and hedging activities, including the risks of changes in energy prices or the financial condition of our counterparties;
•   the timing and extent of changes in energy commodity prices;
•   the effects of changes in governmental policies and regulatory actions, including changes with respect to income and other taxes, pipeline safety, environmental compliance, climate change initiatives and authorized rates of recovery of natural gas and natural gas transportation costs;
•   the impact on drilling and production by factors beyond our control, including the demand for natural gas and crude oil; producers' desire and ability to obtain necessary permits; reserve performance; and capacity constraints on the pipelines that transport crude oil, natural gas and ngls from producing areas and our facilities;
•   changes in demand for the use of natural gas, ngls and crude oil because of market conditions caused by concerns about climate change;
•   the impact of unforeseen changes in interest rates, equity markets, inflation rates, economic recession and other external factors over which we have no control, including the effect on pension and postretirement expense and funding resulting from changes in stock and bond market returns;
•   our indebtedness could make us vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions, limit our ability to borrow additional funds and/or place us at competitive disadvantages compared with our competitors that have less debt, or have other adverse consequences;
•   actions by rating agencies concerning the credit ratings of oneok and oneok partners;
•   the results of administrative proceedings and litigation, regulatory actions, rule changes and receipt of expected clearances involving any local, state or federal regulatory body, including the ferc, the national transportation safety board, the phmsa, the epa and cftc;
•   our ability to access capital at competitive rates or on terms acceptable to us;
•   risks associated with adequate supply to our gathering, processing, fractionation and pipeline facilities, including production declines that outpace new drilling or extended periods of ethane rejection;
•   the impact and outcome of pending and future litigation;
•   the ability to market pipeline capacity on favorable terms, including the effects of:
-   competitive conditions in the overall energy market;
-   availability of supplies of canadian and united states natural gas and crude oil; and
-   availability of additional storage capacity;
•   the timely receipt of approval by applicable governmental entities for construction and operation of our pipeline and other projects and required regulatory clearances;
•   our ability to acquire all necessary permits, consents or other approvals in a timely manner, to promptly obtain all necessary materials and supplies required for construction, and to construct gathering, processing, storage, fractionation and transportation facilities without labor or contractor problems;
•   the mechanical integrity of facilities operated;
•   demand for our services in the proximity of our facilities;
•   our ability to control operating costs;
•   acts of nature, sabotage, terrorism or other similar acts that cause damage to our facilities or our suppliers' or shippers' facilities;
•   the risk of a prolonged slowdown in growth or decline in the united states or international economies, including liquidity risks in united states or foreign credit markets;
•   the possibility of future terrorist attacks or the possibility or occurrence of an outbreak of, or changes in, hostilities or changes in the political conditions in the middle east and elsewhere;
•   the risk of increased costs for insurance premiums, security or other items as a consequence of terrorist attacks;
•   risks associated with pending or possible acquisitions and dispositions, including our ability to finance or integrate any such acquisitions and any regulatory delay or conditions imposed by regulatory bodies in connection with any such acquisitions and dispositions;
•   the impact of uncontracted capacity in our assets being greater or less than expected;
•   the ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes, costs of property, plant and equipment and regulatory assets in our state and ferc-regulated rates;
•   the composition and quality of the natural gas and ngls we gather and process in our plants and transport on our pipelines;
•   our ability to control construction costs and completion schedules of our pipelines and other projects; and
•   the risk factors listed in the reports we have filed and may file with the sec, which are incorporated by reference.
these factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. other factors could also have material adverse effects on our future results. these and other risks are described in greater detail in part i, item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report and in our other filings that we make with the sec, which are available via the sec's website at www.sec.gov and our website at www.oneok.com. all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors. any such forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and other than as required under securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or change in circumstances, expectations or otherwise.