item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
presentation this discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this document. the following discussion (as well as other discussions in this document) contains forward-looking statements. please see "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements" for a discussion of uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements.
the company rollins, inc. (the "company") was originally incorporated in 1948 under the laws of the state of delaware as rollins broadcasting, inc. the company is an international service company with headquarters located in atlanta, georgia, providing pest and termite control services through its wholly-owned subsidiaries to both residential and commercial customers in north america and australia with international franchises in central america, south america, the caribbean, the middle east, asia, the mediterranean, europe, africa, and mexico. services are performed through a contract that specifies the treatment specifics and the pricing arrangement with the customer.
the company has only one reportable segment, its pest and termite control business. the company's results of operations and its financial condition are not reliant upon any single customer or a few customers or the company's foreign operations.
overview results of operations
gain on sales of assets, net                     (1,953   )                  (618   )                  (165   )             216.0                     274.5
income before income taxes                      243,178                   219,484                   191,606                  10.8                      14.5
provision for income taxes                       91,029                    81,820                    68,276                 (11.3     )               (19.8     )
2015 marked the company's 18th consecutive year of improved revenues and profits. revenues for the year rose 5.2 percent to $1.485 billion compared to $1.412 billion for the prior year. income before income taxes increased 10.8% to $243.2 million compared to $219.5 million the prior year. net income increased 10.5% to $152.1 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.70 compared to $137.7 million, or $0.63 per diluted share for the prior year.
all of our business lines experienced growth for the year, with residential pest control revenues up 6.6%, commercial pest control revenues up 3.3% and termite revenues up 4.6%.
we are pleased with the success we had with the rollout of our crm system (boss) during the year. we ended 2015 with 50 percent of our orkin branches on the system. we currently expect to have all orkin locations on boss by the end of the third quarter of this year.
orkin recently announced that we extended our presence in north america, south america, europe, the middle east and asia, with the addition of nine new franchises. our new franchises are located in mexico, colombia, republic of georgia, qatar, china, and south korea. as of december 31, 2015, orkin has 48 international franchises. we look to expand our domestic and international franchise footprint, while continuing to work closely with our current franchise partners to help them grow their businesses.
strategic acquisitions remain a priority for rollins, and as in the past, we will continue to seek out companies that are a "fit" for us in both, the pest control and wildlife areas of our business.
overview the company's gross margin increased to 50.4% for 2015 from 49.9% in 2014. sales, general and administrative expense decreased in 2015 to 31.2% of revenue versus 31.3% in 2014. the company's depreciation and amortization margin decreased 0.1 point to 3.0 % in 2015 compared to 3.1% in 2014. rollins' net income of $152.1 million in 2015 was an increase of $14.5 million or 10.5% over $137.7 million in 2014. net profit margin improved to 10.2% in 2015 from 9.8% in 2014.
revenues revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $1.485 billion, an increase of $73.7 million or 5.2% from 2014 revenues of $1.412 billion. growth occurred across all service lines and brands with our foreign companies being hurt by unfavorable exchange rates. organic growth and pricing accounted for approximately 4.2% of our increase and our acquisitions contributed the remaining revenue growth. commercial pest control represented approximately 41% of the company's revenue in 2015 and grew 3.3% in 2015 due to increases in sales, improvements in cancellations, increased bed bug revenue, an increase in commercial fumigations, and acquisitions. residential pest control which also represented approximately 41% of the company's revenue, increased 6.6% driven by increased leads, closures and pricing as well as increased taexx® homebuilder installations, bed bug revenues and acquisitions. the company's termite business, which represented approximately 17% of the company's revenue, grew 4.6% in 2015 due to increases in drywood fumigations and ancillary service sales, and acquisitions.
the company implemented its traditional price increase program in june 2015. less than 2% of the company's revenue increase came from pricing actions. nearly 80% of the company's pest control revenue was recurring in 2015 and 2014.
the company's foreign operations accounted for approximately 7% and 8% of total revenues for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. currency exchange translation is the cause of the decreased percentage. the company established new franchises in china, el salvador, mexico, colombia, the republic of georgia, bahrain, qatar, hong kong, china, macau, and south korea in 2015 for a total of 48 international franchises at december 31, 2015 with 37 at december 31, 2014. orkin had 99 and 92 franchises (domestic and international) at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
cost of services provided for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 cost of services provided increased $28.2 million or 4.0%, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. gross margin for the year increased to 50.4% for 2015 compared to 49.9% for 2014 due to reduced fleet costs due to the drop in gasoline prices, favorable service salaries as we continue to improve our routing and scheduling to maximize efficiencies and favorable administrative salary margins as we continue to focus on efficiency. the favorable margins were partially offset by our casualty claim development, increases in supplies as a result of increased sales and increases in personnel related costs as group premiums continue to increase. we experienced good cost controls across most spending categories.
depreciation and amortization for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, depreciation and amortization increased $1.0 million, or 2.3% compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. the dollar increase was due primarily to depreciation increasing $2.7 million as we depreciate our customer relationship management software "boss", while amortization of intangible assets decreased as we fully amortized several intangible assets during the 12 month period.
sales, general and administrative for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, sales, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses increased $22.0 million, or 5.0% compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. sg&a decreased to 31.2% of revenues compared to 31.3% of revenues in the prior year. as a percentage of revenues, sg&a decreased due to the company's leveraging our sg&a expenses against higher revenues, reducing our bad debt expense with our collections efforts and experiencing lower gasoline costs, partially offset by higher sales salaries.
gain on sales of assets, net gain on sales of assets, net increased to $2.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $0.6 million gain in 2014. the company recognized gains from the sale of owned vehicles and property in 2015 and 2014. the increase was due to the company selling two buildings in 2015.
interest (income)/expense, net interest income, net for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $0.2 million, a decrease of $0.1 million compared to $0.3 million in 2014. interest income for the year is due to interest received on cash balances in the company's various cash accounts.
taxes the company's effective tax rate increased to 37.4% in 2015 compared to 37.3% in 2014, due primarily to differences in state and foreign income taxes.
overview the company's gross margin increased to 49.9% for 2014 from 49.3% in 2013. sales, general and administrative expense decreased in 2014 to 31.3% of revenue versus 32.0% in 2013. the company's depreciation and amortization margin increased 0.1 point to 3.1% in 2014 compared to 3.0% in 2013. the company had net income of $137.7 million in 2014 compared to $123.3 million in 2013, an 11.6% increase. net profit margin improved to 9.8% in 2014 from 9.2% in 2013.
revenues revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $1.412 billion, an increase of $74.2 million or 5.5% from 2013 revenues of $1.337 billion. commercial pest control represented approximately 41% of the company's business in 2014 and grew 6.7% in 2014 due to increases in sales and bed bug revenues and acquisitions. residential pest control represented approximately 41% of the company's business and increased 4.5% driven by increased leads, closure and pricing as well as increased capture of taexx® homebuilder installations, bed bug revenues and acquisitions. the company's termite business, which represented approximately 17% of the company's revenue, grew 5.0% in 2014 due to increases in ancillary service sales as well as increases in customers from cross-selling campaigns, and acquisitions.
the company implemented its traditional price increase program in june 2014. less than 2.0% of the company's revenue increase came from pricing actions. the company's acquisitions accounted for less than 2% of the revenue increase. nearly 80.0% of the company's revenue was recurring in 2014 and 2013.
the company's foreign operations accounted for approximately 8% of total revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. the company established new franchises in brazil, china, ecuador, egypt, guatemala, honduras, paraguay, puerto rico saudi arabia, uruguay, and the us virgin islands in 2014 for a total of 37 international franchises at december 31, 2014 with 26 at december 31, 2013. orkin had 92 and 80 total domestic and international franchises at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
cost of services provided for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 cost of services provided increased $29.3 million or 4.3%, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. gross margin for the year increased to 49.9% for 2014 compared to 49.3% for 2013 due to favorable termite and casualty claim development, reduced fleet costs and good cost controls across most spending categories.
depreciation and amortization for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, depreciation and amortization increased $3.9 million, or 10.0% compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. the increase is due to amortization of intangible assets acquired in late 2013 and early 2014 partially offset by several fixed and intangible assets being fully depreciated or amortized.
sales, general and administrative for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, sales, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses increased $13.4 million, or 3.1% compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2013 representing 31.3% of revenues compared to 32.0% of revenues in the prior year. as a percentage of revenues, sg&a decreased due to the company being able to leverage our administrative and sales salaries against higher revenues, along with a lower advertising run rate than the prior year.
gain on sales of assets, net gain on sales of assets, net increased to $0.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $0.2 million gain in 2013. the company recognized gains from the sale of owned vehicles and property in 2014 and 2013.
interest (income)/expense, net interest (income)/expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $0.3 million income, a decrease of $0.1 million compared to $0.4 million in 2013. interest income for the year is due to interest received on cash balances in the company's various cash accounts.
taxes the company's effective tax rate increased to 37.3% in 2014 compared to 35.6% in 2013, due primarily to state and foreign income taxes, and the release of certain deferred tax liabilities in 2013.
liquidity and capital resources cash and cash flow cash from operating activities is the principal source of cash generation for our businesses.
the most significant source of cash in rollins' cash flow from operations is customer-related activities, the largest of which is collecting cash resulting from services sales. the most significant operating use of cash is to pay our suppliers, employees, tax authorities and others for a wide range of material and services.
net cash provided by operating activities                        $196,356                  $194,146                 $162,665
net cash used in investing activities                             (69,942   )               (89,471   )              (30,790   )
net cash used in financing activities                             (97,216   )              (106,519   )              (75,653   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash                            (2,996   )                (8,000   )               (3,088   )
cash provided by operating activities the company's operations generated cash of $196.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily from net income of $152.1 million, compared with cash provided by operating activities of $194.1 million in 2014 and $162.7 million in 2013. the company believes its current cash and cash equivalents balances, future cash flows expected to be generated from operating activities and available borrowings under its $175.0 million credit facility will be sufficient to finance its current operations and obligations, and fund expansion of the business for the foreseeable future.
the company made contributions totaling $5.0 million to the rollins, inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries' defined benefit retirement plans (the "plans") during the year ended december 31, 2015 and $5.3 million and $5.0 million during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, as a result of the plans' funding status. the company is considering making contributions to its plans of approximately $3.3 million during fiscal year 2016. in the opinion of management, additional plan contributions will not have a material effect on the company's financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
cash used in investing activities the company used $69.9 million on investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $89.5 million and $30.8 million during 2014 and 2013, respectively, and of that, invested approximately $39.5 million in capital expenditures during 2015 compared to $28.7 million and $18.6 million during 2014 and 2013, respectively. capital expenditures for the year consisted primarily of property purchases, equipment replacements and technology related projects. the company expects to invest between $20.0 million and $25.0 million in 2016 in capital expenditures. during 2015, the company's subsidiaries acquired several small companies totaling $33.5 million compared to $63.3 million in acquisitions during 2014 and $12.6 million in 2013. the expenditures for the company's acquisitions were funded with cash on hand and stock in one instance. the company continues to seek new acquisitions.
cash used in financing activities the company used cash of $97.2 million on financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $106.5 million and $75.7 million during 2014 and 2013, respectively. a total of $91.8 million was paid in cash dividends ($0.42 per share) during the year ended december 31, 2015 including a special dividend paid in december 2015 of $0.10 per share, compared to $75.8 million paid in cash dividends ($0.35 per share) during the year ended december 31, 2014, including a special dividend paid in december 2014 of $0.07 per share and $65.7 million ($0.30 per share) during the year ended december 31, 2013, including a special dividend paid in december 2013 of $0.06 per share.
the company used $0.4 million to repurchase on the open market 19 thousand shares of its common stock at a weighted average price of $22.42 per share during 2015 compared to $29.3 million to purchase 1.5 million shares at an average price of $19.46 in 2014 and $8.4 million to purchase 0.5 million shares at a weighted average price of $16.37 in 2013. there remain 5.9 million shares authorized to be repurchased under prior board approval. in addition to the shares purchased on the open market, the company repurchased $7.0 million, $6.2 million and $5.3 million of common stock for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, from employees for the payment of taxes on vesting restricted shares.
the company's $134.6 million of total cash at december 31, 2015, is primarily cash held at various banking institutions. approximately $34.8 million is held in cash accounts at international bank institutions and the remaining $99.8 million is primarily held in federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") insured non-interest-bearing accounts at various domestic banks which at times may exceed federally insured amounts.
the company's international business is expanding and we intend to continue to grow the business in foreign markets in the future through reinvestment of foreign deposits and future earnings as well as acquisitions of unrelated companies. repatriation of cash from the company's foreign subsidiaries is not a part of the company's current business plan.
the company maintains a large cash position in the united states while having no third-party debt to service. rollins maintains adequate liquidity and capital resources, without regard to its foreign deposits, that are directed to finance domestic operations and obligations and to fund expansion of its domestic business.
on october 31, 2012, the company entered into a revolving credit agreement with suntrust bank and bank of america, n.a. for an unsecured line of credit of up to $175.0 million, which includes a $75.0 million letter of credit subfacility, and a $25.0 million swingline subfacility. the credit agreement was amended on october 30, 2014 to extend the maturity date to october 31, 2018 and add three optional one year extensions. on october 27, 2015 the company exercised a one year extension option to extend the maturity date to october 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2015, no borrowings were outstanding under the line of credit or under the swingline subfacility. the company maintains approximately $31.4 million in letters of credit. these letters of credit are required by the company's fronting insurance companies and/or certain states, due to the company's self-insured status, to secure various workers' compensation and casualty insurance contracts coverage. the company believes that it has adequate liquid assets, funding sources and insurance accruals to accommodate such claims.
the revolving credit agreement is guaranteed by certain of rollins' domestic-subsidiaries. the maturity date of the credit agreement is october 31, 2019, subject to up to two optional extensions of the credit agreement for one year each. revolving loans under the revolving credit agreement bear interest at one of the following two rates, at the company's election:
·                                   the base rate, which shall mean the highest of (i) the per annum rate which the administrative agent publicly announces from time to time as its prime lending rate, (ii) the federal funds rate, plus 0.50% per annum, and (iii) the adjusted libor rate (which equals libor as increased to account for the maximum reserve percentages established by the u.s. federal reserve) determined on a daily basis for an interest period of one (1) month, plus
·                               with respect to any eurodollar borrowings, the adjusted libor rate plus an additional amount, which varies between .75% and 1.00%, based upon rollins' then-current debt-to-ebitda ratio. as of december 31, 2015, the additional rate allocated was .75%.
the revolving credit agreement contains customary terms and conditions, including, without limitation, certain financial covenants including covenants restricting the company's ability to incur certain indebtedness or liens, or to merge or consolidate with or sell substantially all of its assets to another entity. further, the revolving credit agreement contains financial covenants restricting the company's ability to permit the ratio of the company's consolidated debt to ebitda to exceed certain limits.
the company remained in compliance with applicable debt covenants at december 31, 2015 and expects to maintain compliance throughout 2016.
litigation for discussion on the company's legal contingencies, see note 12 to the accompanying financial statements.
off balance sheet arrangements, contractual obligations and contingent liabilities and commitments other than the operating leases disclosed in the table that follows, the company has no material off balance sheet arrangements.
the impact that the company's contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods is as follows:
1 year                              years                  years       5 years business combination related liabilities   $3,416                 $1,879                         $1,535                     $2           $-
unrecognized tax positions (1)                    3,413                  2,898                      515                      -                 -
(1)            these amounts represent expected payments with interest for unrecognized tax benefits as of december 31, 2015.
(2)                                             minimum pension funding requirements are not included as funding will not be required. the company is considering making contributions to its pension plans of approximately
critical accounting policies the company views critical accounting policies to be those policies that are very important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and that require management's most difficult, complex or subjective judgments. the circumstances that make these judgments difficult or complex relate to the need for management to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. we believe our critical accounting policies to be as follows:
accrual for termite contracts-the company maintains an accrual for termite claims representing the estimated costs of reapplications, repairs and associated labor and chemicals, settlements, awards and other costs relative to termite control services. factors that may impact future cost include termiticide life expectancy and government regulation. it is significant that the actual number of claims has decreased in recent years due to changes in the company's business practices. however, it is not possible to precisely predict future significant claims. accruals for termite contracts are included in other current liabilities and long-term accrued liabilities on the company's consolidated statements of financial position.
accrued insurance-the company self-insures, up to specified limits, certain risks related to general liability, workers' compensation and vehicle liability. the estimated costs of existing and future claims under the self-insurance program are accrued based upon historical trends as incidents occur, whether reported or unreported (although actual settlement of the claims may not be made until future periods) and may be subsequently revised based on developments relating to such claims. the company contracts an independent third party actuary on a semi-annual basis to provide the company an estimated liability based upon historical claims information. the actuarial study is a major consideration in establishing the reserve, along with management's knowledge of changes in business practice and existing claims compared to current balances. management's judgment is inherently subjective and a number of factors are outside management's knowledge and control. additionally, historical information is not always an accurate indication of future events. the company continues to be proactive in risk management to develop and maintain ongoing programs to reduce claims. initiatives that have been implemented include pre-employment screening and an annual motor vehicle report required on all its drivers, post-offer physicals for new employees, pre-hire, random and post-accident drug testing, increased driver training and a nurse triage program for employees.
revenue recognition-the company's revenue recognition policies are designed to recognize revenues at the time services are performed. for certain revenue types, because of the timing of billing and the receipt of cash versus the timing of performing services, certain accounting estimates are utilized. residential and commercial pest control services are primarily recurring in nature on a monthly, bi-monthly or quarterly basis, while certain types of commercial customers may receive multiple treatments within a given month. in general, pest control customers sign an initial one-year contract, and revenues are recognized at the time services are performed. for pest control customers, the company offers a discount for those customers who prepay for a full year of services. the company defers recognition of these advance payments and recognizes the revenue as the services are rendered. the company classifies the discounts related to the advance payments as a reduction in revenues.
termite baiting revenues are recognized based on the delivery of the individual units of accounting. at the inception of a new baiting services contract, upon quality control review of the installation, the company recognizes revenue for the installation of the monitoring stations, initial directed liquid termiticide treatment and servicing of the monitoring stations. a portion of the contract amount is deferred for the undelivered monitoring element. this portion is recognized as income on a straight-line basis over the remaining contract term, which results in recognition of revenue in a pattern that approximates the timing of performing monitoring visits. the allocation of the purchase price to the two deliverables is based on the relative selling price. there are no contingencies related to the delivery of additional items or meeting other specified performance conditions. baiting renewal revenue is deferred and recognized over the annual contract period on a straight-line basis that approximates the timing of performing the required monitoring visits.
revenue received for conventional termite renewals is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining contract term; and, the cost of reinspections, reapplications and repairs and associated labor and chemicals are expensed as incurred. for outstanding claims, an estimate is made of the costs to be incurred (including legal costs) based upon current factors and historical information. the performance of reinspections tends to be close to the contract renewal date and while reapplications and repairs involve an insubstantial number of the contracts, these costs are incurred over the contract term. as the revenue is being deferred, the future cost of reinspections, reapplications and repairs and associated labor and chemicals applicable to the deferred revenue are expensed as incurred. the company accrues for noticed claims. the costs of providing termite services upon renewal are compared to the expected revenue to be received and a provision is made for any expected losses.
contingency accruals-the company is a party to legal proceedings with respect to matters in the ordinary course of business. in accordance with the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 450 "contingencies," management estimates and accrues for its liability and costs associated with the litigation. estimates and accruals are determined in consultation with outside counsel. because it is not possible to accurately predict the ultimate result of the litigation, judgments concerning accruals for liabilities and costs associated with litigation are inherently uncertain and actual liabilities may vary from amounts estimated or accrued. however, in the opinion of management, the outcome of the litigation will not have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition or results of operations. contingency accruals are included in other current liabilities and long-term accrued liabilities on the company's consolidated statements of financial position.
defined benefit pension plans - in 2005, the company ceased all future benefit accruals under the rollins, inc. defined benefit plan, although the company remains obligated to provide employees benefits earned through june 2005. the company also includes the waltham services, llc hourly employee pension plan to the company's financial statements. the company accounts for these defined benefit plans in accordance with the fasb asc topic 715 "compensation- retirement benefits", and engages an outside actuary to calculate its obligations and costs. with the assistance of the actuary, the company evaluates the significant assumptions used on a periodic basis including the estimated future return on plan assets, the discount rate, and other factors, and makes adjustments to these liabilities as necessary.
the company chooses an expected rate of return on plan assets based on historical results for similar allocations among asset classes, the investments strategy, and the views of our investment adviser. differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual return are amortized over future years. therefore, the net deferral of past asset gains or losses ultimately affects future pension expense. the company's assumption for the expected return on plan assets is 7.0% which is unchanged from the prior year.
the discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year. in estimating this rate, the company utilizes a yield curve approach. the approach utilizes an economic model whereby the company's expected benefit payments over the life of the plans is forecast and then compared to a portfolio of corporate bonds that will mature at the same time that the benefit payments are due in any given year. the economic model then calculates the one discount rate to apply to all benefit payments over the life of the plan which will result in the same total lump sum as the payments from the corporate bonds. the discount rate was 4.7% as of december 31, 2015 compared to 4.15% in 2014 and 5.2% in 2013. a lower discount rate increases the present value of benefit obligation.
as set forth in note 13 to the company's financial statements, included among the asset categories for the plan's investments are real estate, tactical composite and alternative investments comprised of investments in real estate and hedge funds. these investments are categorized as level 3 investments and are valued using significant non-observable inputs which do not have a readily determinable fair value. in accordance with accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2009-12 "investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share (or its equivalent)," these investments are valued based on the net asset value per share calculated by the funds in which the plan has invested. these valuations are subject to judgments and assumptions of the funds which may prove to be incorrect, resulting in risks of incorrect valuation of these investments. the company seeks to mitigate against these risks by evaluating the appropriateness of the funds' judgments and assumptions by reviewing the financial data included in the funds' financial statements for reasonableness.
as of december 31, 2015, the defined benefit plans were under-funded and the recorded change within accumulated other comprehensive income increased stockholders' equity by $14.8 million before tax and $9.1 million after tax.
new accounting standards recently adopted accounting standards in may 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-07 ("asu 2015-07") regarding asc topic 820 "fair value measurement: disclosures for investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share (or its equivalent)." the amendments in asu 2015-07 remove the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. the amendments also limit certain disclosures to investments for which the entity has elected to measure at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient. the amendments in asu 2015-07 are effective for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2015. the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the company's reported results of operations or financial position.
in june 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-10, technical corrections and improvements. asu 2015-10 makes minor adjustments to the fasb accounting standard codification. the technical corrections are divided into four main categories: amendments to align codification wording with that in pre-codification standards, corrections to references and clarification of guidance to avoid misapplication and misinterpretation, minor edits to simplify the codification and thereby improve its usefulness and minor enhancements to codification guidance that are not expected to have a significant effect on current practice. the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal periods beginning on or after december 15, 2015, and interim periods within annual periods beginning on or after december 15, 2015. the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the company's reported results of operations or financial position.
in september 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-16 (topic 805): business combinations. asu 2015-16 requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. the amendments in this update require that the acquirer record, in the same period's financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. the amendments in this update require an entity to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. the amendments in this update were effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. the amendments in this update should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date of this update with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the company's reported results of operations or financial position.
recently issued accounting standards to be adopted in 2016 or later in may 2014, fasb issued asu no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers, which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. the asu will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in gaap when it becomes effective. in july 2015, the fasb approved a one-year deferral of this standard, with a revised effective date for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2017. early adoption is permitted, although not prior to fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2016. the standard permits the use of either the retrospective or modified retrospective (cumulative effect) transition method. we are evaluating the effect that asu 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. we have not yet selected a transition method and continue to evaluate the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting.
in august 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-14 (topic 606): revenue from contracts with customers. asu 2015-14 defers the effective date of update 2014-09 for all entities by one year. public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. all other entities should apply the guidance in update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2019. all other entities may apply the guidance in update 2014-09 earlier as of an annual reporting period beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. all other entities also may apply the guidance in update 2014-09 earlier as of an annual reporting period beginning after december 15, 2016, and 2 interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning one year after the annual reporting period in which the entity first applies the guidance in update 2014-09. we do not expect this standard to have a material impact on the company's reported results of operations or financial position.
in november 2015, the fasb issued asu no (asu) 2015-17, balance sheet classification of deferred taxes, which requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. the amendments in this update apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position. the current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in this update. the amendments in this update are effective for the company's financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2017, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after december 15, 2018. earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. the amendments in this update may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. if an entity applies the guidance prospectively, the entity should disclose in the first interim and first annual period of change, the nature of and reason for the change in accounting principle and a statement that prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. if an entity applies the guidance retrospectively, the entity should disclose in the first interim and first annual period of change the nature of and reason for the change in accounting principle and quantitative information about the effects of the accounting change on prior periods. the company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. we do not expect this standard to have a material impact on the company's reported results of operations or financial position.
forward-looking statements this annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. such forward-looking statements include statements regarding management's belief that environmental remediation costs estimated to be incurred are not material to the company's financial condition or operating results; management's belief in the adequacy of the company's facilities to meet its future needs; the outcome of litigation, as discussed in the legal proceedings section and elsewhere, and the company's belief that such litigation will not have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity; the company's expectation to continue its payment of cash dividends; expectations regarding implementation and roll out of our crm system; expectations regarding expansion of our domestic and international franchise footprint; plans regarding acquisitions; the adequacy of the company's resources and borrowings to fund operations and obligations; management's belief that any additional pension plan contributions will not have a material effect on the company's financial position, results of operation or liquidity; the company's projected 2016 capital expenditures; the plans to grow the business in foreign markets through reinvestment of foreign deposits and future earnings and through acquisitions of unrelated companies; the company's expectation to maintain compliance with the covenants contained in its revolving credit agreement throughout 2016; the impact and amount of the company's contractual obligations; management's expectations regarding termite claims and factors that impact future costs from those claims; the expected cost of termite renewals; the expected collectability of accounts receivable; expected tax consequences; expectations and plans regarding any losses from franchisees; the impact of recent accounting pronouncements; and interest rate risks and foreign exchange currency risk on the company's financial position, results of operations and liquidity. the actual results of the company could differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements because of various risks, timing and uncertainties including, without limitation, the possibility of an adverse ruling against the company in pending litigation; general economic conditions; market risk; changes in industry practices or technologies; the degree of success of the company's termite process reforms and pest control selling and treatment methods; the company's ability to identify potential acquisitions; climate and weather trends; competitive factors and pricing practices; potential increases in labor costs; and changes in various government laws and regulations, including environmental regulations. all of the foregoing risks and uncertainties are beyond the ability of the company to control, and in many cases the company cannot predict the risks and uncertainties that could cause its actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements.
item 7.a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
market risk the company maintains an investment portfolio subject to short-term interest rate risk exposure. the company is also subject to interest rate risk exposure through borrowings on its $175 million credit facility. currently, the company has no outstanding borrowings. however, the company does maintain approximately $31.4 million in letters of credit. the company is also exposed to market risks arising from changes in foreign exchange rates. the company believes that this foreign exchange rate risk will not have a material effect upon the company's results of operations or financial position going forward.
management's report on internal controls over financial reporting to the stockholders of rollins, inc.:
the management of rollins, inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company. rollins, inc. maintains a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance, at a reasonable cost, that assets are safeguarded against loss or unauthorized use and that the financial records are adequate and can be relied upon to produce financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. the internal control system is augmented by written policies and procedures, an internal audit program and the selection and training of qualified personnel. this system includes policies that require adherence to ethical business standards and compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of internal controls over financial reporting, as of december 31, 2015 based on criteria established in the 2013 internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission. based on this evaluation, management's assessment is that rollins, inc. maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2015.
the independent registered public accounting firm, grant thornton llp has audited the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended december 31, 2015, and has also issued their report on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting, included in this report on page 25.
/s/ gary w. rollins                         /s/ paul e northen gary w. rollins                             paul e. northen vice chairman and chief executive officer   vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer atlanta, georgia february 24, 2016
report of independent registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial reporting board of directors and stockholders'
we have audited the internal control over financial reporting of rollins, inc. (a delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the "company") as of december 31, 2015, based on criteria established in the 2013 internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso). the company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying management's report on internal controls over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states). those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
in our opinion, the company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2015, based on criteria established in the 2013 internal control-integrated framework issued by coso.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states), the consolidated financial statements of the company as of and for the year ended december 31, 2015, and our report dated february 24, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.
report of independent registered public accounting firm on consolidated financial statements and schedule board of directors and stockholders'
we have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of rollins, inc. (a delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the "company") as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive earnings, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2015. our audits of the basic consolidated financial statements included the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under item 15(a)2. these financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states). those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. an audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. an audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
in our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of rollins, inc. and subsidiaries as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states), the company's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2015, based on criteria established in the 2013 internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso), and our report dated february 24, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion.