item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations general we are an energy infrastructure company focused on connecting north america's significant hydrocarbon resource plays to growing markets for natural gas, ngls, and olefins. our operations are located principally in the united states, but span from the deepwater gulf of mexico to the canadian oil sands, and are organized into the williams partners and williams ngl & petchem services reportable segments. all remaining business activities are included in other.
williams partners williams partners consists of our consolidated master limited partnership, wpz, which includes gas pipeline and midstream businesses. the gas pipeline businesses include interstate natural gas pipelines and pipeline joint project investments; and the midstream businesses provide natural gas gathering, treating, and processing services; ngl production, fractionation, storage, marketing and transportation; deepwater production handling and crude oil transportation services; an olefin production business and is comprised of several wholly owned and partially owned subsidiaries and joint project investments. as of december 31, 2015, we own approximately 60 percent of the interests in wpz, including the interests of the general partner which are wholly owned by us, and idrs.
williams partners' gas pipeline businesses consist primarily of transco and northwest pipeline. our gas pipeline businesses also hold interests in joint venture interstate and intrastate natural gas pipeline systems including a 50 percent equity-method investment in gulfstream and a 41 percent interest in constitution (a consolidated entity), which is under development. as of december 31, 2015, transco and northwest pipeline own and operate a combined total of approximately 13,600 miles of pipelines with a total annual throughput of approximately 4,136 tbtu of natural gas and peak-day delivery capacity of approximately 15 mmdth of natural gas.
the midstream businesses include equity-method investments in natural gas gathering and processing assets and ngl fractionation and transportation assets, including a 62 percent equity-method investment in ueom, a 50 percent equity-method investment in the delaware basin gas gathering system in the mid-continent region, a 69 percent equity-method investment in laurel mountain midstream, llc, a 58 percent equity-method investment in caiman energy ii, llc, a 60 percent equity-method investment in discovery producer services llc, a 50 percent equity-method investment in overland pass pipeline, llc, and appalachia midstream services, llc, which owns an approximate average 45 percent equity-method investment in multiple gas gathering systems in the marcellus shale (appalachia midstream investments).
the midstream businesses also include our canadian midstream operations which are comprised of an oil sands offgas processing plant near fort mcmurray, alberta and ngl/olefin fractionation facility at redwater, alberta, and the boreal pipeline.
williams partners' ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. we focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers and investing in growing markets, including the deepwater gulf of mexico, the marcellus shale, the gulf coast region, the canadian oil sands, and areas of increasing natural gas demand.
williams partners' interstate transmission and related storage activities are subject to regulation by the ferc and as such, our rates and charges for the transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce, and the extension, expansion
or abandonment of jurisdictional facilities and accounting, among other things, are subject to regulation. the rates are established through the ferc's ratemaking process. changes in commodity prices and volumes transported have little near-term impact on revenues because the majority of cost of service is recovered through firm capacity reservation charges in transportation rates.
williams ngl & petchem services williams ngl & petchem services is comprised of our texas belle pipeline and certain other domestic olefins pipeline assets and certain canadian growth projects under development, including a propane dehydrogenation facility and a liquids extraction plant. the williams ngl & petchem services segment is currently comprised primarily of projects under development and thus have had limited operating revenues to date.
unless indicated otherwise, the following discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition and liquidity relates to our current continuing operations and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
overview income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to the williams companies, inc., for the year ended december 31, 2015, decreased $2.68 billion compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to the absence of a $2.5 billion gain as a result of remeasuring our previous equity-method investment in acmp to fair value, impairment charges associated with certain goodwill, equity-method investments, and other assets (see note 17 - fair value measurements, guarantees, and concentration of credit risk), declines in ngl margins driven by 65 percent lower prices, higher depreciation expense caused by significant projects that have gone into service in 2014 and 2015, a gain of $154 million resulting from cash proceeds received for a contingency settlement in 2014, as well as increased interest expense associated with new debt issuances. these decreases were partially offset by new fee-based revenue associated with certain growth projects that were placed in service in 2014 and 2015 and the absence of equity losses in 2014 associated with the discontinuance of the bluegrass pipeline project. see additional discussion in results of operations.
energy transfer merger agreement on september 28, 2015, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (merger agreement) with energy transfer equity, l.p. (energy transfer) and certain of its affiliates. the merger agreement provides that, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, we will be merged with and into the newly formed energy transfer corp lp (etc) (etc merger), with etc surviving the etc merger. energy transfer formed etc as a limited partnership that will be treated as a corporation for u.s. federal income tax purposes. upon completion of the etc merger, etc will be publicly traded on the new york stock exchange under the symbol "etc."
at the effective time of the etc merger, each issued and outstanding share of our common stock (except for certain shares such as those held by us or our subsidiaries and any held by etc and its affiliates) will be canceled and automatically converted into the right to receive stock, cash, or a combination thereof as described in note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
in connection with the etc merger, energy transfer will subscribe for a number of etc common shares at the transaction price, in exchange for the amount of cash needed by etc to fund the cash portion of the merger consideration (the parent cash deposit), and, as a result, based on the number of shares of williams common stock outstanding as of the date thereof, will own approximately 19 percent of the outstanding etc common shares immediately after the effective time of the etc merger.
immediately following the completion of the etc merger and of the le gp, llc (the general partner for energy transfer) merger with and into energy transfer equity gp, llc, etc will contribute to energy transfer all of the assets and liabilities of williams in exchange for the issuance by energy transfer to etc of a number of energy transfer class e common units equal to the number of etc common shares issued to our stockholders in the etc merger plus the number of etc common shares issued to energy transfer in consideration for the parent cash deposit (such contribution, together with the etc merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, the merger transactions).
to address potential uncertainty as to how the newly listed etc common shares, as a new security, will trade relative to energy transfer common units, each etc common share issued in the etc merger, as well as the etc common shares issued to energy transfer in connection with the parent cash deposit, will have attached to it one contingent consideration right (ccr). the terms of the ccrs are fully described in the form of ccr agreement attached to the merger agreement as exhibit h to exhibit 2.1 of our current report on form 8-k dated september 29, 2015.
the receipt of the merger consideration is expected to be tax-free to our stockholders, except with respect to any cash consideration received.
we expect the transaction to close in the first half of 2016. completion of the merger transactions is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of a number of customary closing conditions as set forth in the merger agreement, including approval of the etc merger by our stockholders, receipt of required regulatory approvals in connection with the merger transactions, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended, and effectiveness of a registration statement on form s-4 registering the etc common shares (and attached ccrs) to be issued in connection with the merger transactions.
etc filed its initial form s-4 registration statement on november 24, 2015, and amendment no. 1 to form s-4 on january 12, 2016. on december 14, 2015, we and energy transfer issued a joint press release announcing the entry into a timing agreement with the united states federal trade commission (ftc) pursuant to which both parties have agreed not to consummate etc's proposed acquisition of us until after the later of (i) 60 days after substantial compliance with the ftc's request for additional information and documentary material and (ii) march 18, 2016.
termination of wpz merger agreement on may 12, 2015, we entered into an agreement for a unit-for-stock transaction whereby we would have acquired all of the publicly held outstanding common units of wpz in exchange for shares of our common stock (wpz merger agreement).
on september 28, 2015, prior to our entry into the merger agreement, we entered into a termination agreement and release (termination agreement), terminating the wpz merger agreement. under the terms of the termination agreement, we are required to pay a $428 million termination fee to wpz, of which we currently own approximately 60 percent, including the interests of the general partner and idrs. such termination fee will settle through a reduction of quarterly incentive distributions we are entitled to receive from wpz (such reduction not to exceed $209 million per quarter). the distributions from wpz in november 2015 and february 2016 were each reduced by $209 million related to this termination fee.
williams partners acmp merger we owned an equity-method investment in acmp until july 1, 2014, at which time we acquired all of the interests in acmp held by global infrastructure partners ii (gip) which included 50 percent of the general partner interest and 55.1 million limited partner units for $5.995 billion in cash (acmp acquisition).
on october 26, 2014, we announced that our consolidated master limited partnerships pre-merger wpz and acmp entered into a merger agreement and on february 2, 2015, the merger was completed (acmp merger). the merged partnership is named williams partners l.p. under the terms of the merger agreement, each acmp unitholder received
1.06152 acmp units for each acmp unit owned immediately prior to the acmp merger. in conjunction with the acmp merger, each pre-merger wpz common unit held by the public was exchanged for 0.86672 acmp common units. each wpz common unit held by us was exchanged for 0.80036 acmp common units. prior to the closing of the acmp merger, the class d limited partner units of pre-merger wpz, all of which were held by us, were converted into common units on a one-for-one basis pursuant to the terms of the pre-merger wpz partnership agreement.  following the acmp merger, we own an approximate 60 percent interest in the merged partnership, including the general partner interest and incentive distribution rights.
geismar incident and plant expansion on june 13, 2013, an explosion and fire occurred at williams partners' geismar olefins plant. the incident rendered the facility temporarily inoperable (geismar incident).
our total property damage and business interruption loss exceeded our $500 million policy limit. since june 2013, we have settled claims associated with $480 million of available property damage and business interruption coverage for a total of $422 million. this total includes $126 million which we received in the second quarter of 2015. the remaining insurance limits total approximately $20 million and we are vigorously pursuing collection.
leidy southeast in january 2016, leidy southeast was placed into service, which expands transco's existing natural gas transmission system from the marcellus shale production region on transco's leidy line in pennsylvania to delivery points along its mainline as far south as station 85 in west central alabama. in march 2015, we began providing firm transportation service through the mainline portion of the project on an interim basis until the in-service date of the project as a whole. we placed the remainder of the project into service during january 2016 increasing capacity by 525 mdth/d.
in the utica, wpz executed a long-term fee-based contract that extends the length of certain acreage dedication to 2035, increases the area of dedication from 140,000 acres to 190,000 net acres and converts the cost-of-service mechanism to a fixed-fee structure with minimum volume commitments (mvcs).
a new haynesville contract consolidates the springridge and mansfield contracts into a single agreement with a fixed-fee structure and extends the contract term to 2035. the consolidated contract is supported by mvcs and a drilling commitment to turn 140 equivalent wells online before the end of 2017.
virginia southside in september 2015, transco's virginia southside expansion from new jersey to a power station in virginia and delivery points in north carolina was placed into service. on december 1, 2014, we placed a portion of the project into service, which enabled us to begin providing 250 mdth/d of additional firm transportation service through the mainline portion of the project on an interim basis, until the in-service date of the project as a whole.  we placed the remainder of the project into service in september 2015.  in total, the project increased capacity by 270 mdth/d.
northeast connector in may 2015, the northeast connector project was placed into service, which increased firm transportation capacity by 100 mdth/d from transco's station 195 in southeastern pennsylvania to the rockaway delivery lateral.
rockaway delivery lateral in may 2015, transco's rockaway delivery lateral expansion between transco's transmission pipeline and the national grid distribution system was placed in service, which enabled us to begin providing 647 mdth/d of additional firm transportation service to a distribution system in new york.
mobile bay south iii in april 2015, transco's mobile bay south iii expansion south from station 85 in west central alabama to delivery points along the mobile bay line was placed into service, which enabled us to begin providing 225 mdth/d of additional firm transportation service on the mobile bay lateral.
bucking horse gas processing facility the bucking horse gas processing plant (bucking horse) began operating in february 2015. bucking horse is located in converse county, wyoming, and adds 120 mmcf/d of processing capacity in the powder river basin niobrara shale play. processed volumes at bucking horse have continued to increase throughout 2015 as existing rich gas production was re-directed from other third-party processing facilities. bucking horse has led to higher gathering volumes in 2015 as previously curtailed production has increased due to the additional processing capability.
eagle ford gathering system in may 2015, wpz acquired a gathering system comprised of approximately 140 miles of pipeline and a sour gas compression facility capable of handling up to 100 mmcf/d in the eagle ford shale for $112 million. the acquisition is contributing approximately 20 mmcf/d to the existing eagle ford throughput of approximately 400 mmcf/d.
ueom in june 2015, wpz acquired an approximate 13 percent equity interest in ueom for approximately $357 million, increasing our ownership from 49 percent to approximately 62 percent.
volatile commodity prices ngl margins were approximately 59 percent lower in 2015 compared to 2014 driven primarily by 58 percent lower non-ethane prices partially offset by lower natural gas feedstock prices.
ngl margins are defined as ngl revenues less any applicable btu replacement cost, plant fuel, and third-party transportation and fractionation. per-unit ngl margins are calculated based on sales of our own equity volumes at the processing plants. our equity volumes include ngls where we own the rights to the value from ngls recovered at our plants under both "keep-whole" processing agreements, where we have the obligation to replace the lost heating value with natural gas, and "percent-of-liquids" agreements whereby we receive a portion of the extracted liquids with no obligation to replace the lost heating value.
the following graph illustrates the effects of this margin volatility and ngl production and sales volumes, as well as the margin differential between ethane and non-ethane products and the relative mix of those products.
the potential impact of commodity price volatility on our business is further discussed in the following company outlook.
company outlook as previously discussed, we entered into a merger agreement with energy transfer and certain of its affiliates and expect the etc merger to close in the first half of 2016. the following discussion reflects our operating plan for 2016.
our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas, natural gas products, and crude oil that exists in north america. we seek to accomplish this through further developing our scale positions in current key markets and basins and entering new growth markets and basins where we can become the large-scale service provider. we will continue to maintain a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship, operational excellence and customer satisfaction. we believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders.
this strategy remains intact and we continue to execute on infrastructure projects that serve long-term natural gas needs. we expect commodity prices to remain challenged and costs of capital to remain sharply higher throughout
2016 as compared to 2015. anticipating these conditions, our business plan for 2016 includes significant reductions in capital investment and expenses from our previous plans. in addition, we expect proceeds from planned asset monetizations in excess of $1 billion during 2016.
our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2016 are expected to total $2.2 billion, which is a $1.5 billion reduction from our previous plans. approximately $1.3 billion of our growth capital funding needs include transco expansions and other interstate pipeline growth projects, most of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements. the remaining non-interstate pipeline growth capital spending in 2016 primarily reflects investment in gathering and processing systems limited to known new producer volumes, including wells drilled and completed awaiting connecting infrastructure. we also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments.
fee-based businesses are a significant component of our portfolio, which serves to somewhat reduce the influence of commodity price fluctuations on our operating results and cash flows. however, producer activities are being impacted by lower energy commodity prices which will reduce our gathering volumes. the credit profiles of certain of our producer customers are increasingly challenged by the current market conditions, which ultimately may result in a further reduction of our gathering volumes. such reductions as well as further or prolonged declines in energy commodity prices may result in noncash impairments of our assets.
commodity margins are highly dependent upon regional supply/demand balances of natural gas as they relate to ngl margins, while olefins are impacted by global supply and demand fundamentals. we anticipate the following trends in energy commodity prices in 2016, compared to 2015 that may impact our operating results and cash flows:
in 2016, we anticipate our operating results will reflect increases from our fee-based businesses primarily as a result of transco projects placed in service in 2015 and those anticipated to be placed in service in 2016, increases in our olefins volumes associated with a full year of operations at our geismar plant following its 2015 repair and expansion, and anticipated lower general and administrative costs.  additionally, we anticipate these improvements will be partially offset by the absence of operating results associated with certain asset monetizations, lower ngl margins, and additional operating expenses associated with growth projects placed in service in 2015 and those anticipated to be placed in service in 2016.
•   further downgrades of our credit ratings and associated increase in cost of borrowings;
•   higher cost of capital and/or limited availability of capital due to a change in our financial condition, interest rates, market or industry conditions;
•   counterparty credit and performance risk, including that of chesapeake energy corporation and its affiliates;
•   inability to execute or delay in completing planned asset monetizations;
•   lower than anticipated energy commodity prices and margins;
•   unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures or delays in capital project execution;
•   changes in the political and regulatory environments;
•   physical damages to facilities, including damage to offshore facilities by named windstorms;
•   reduced availability of insurance coverage.
we continue to address these risks through maintaining a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as through managing a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key markets and basins in north america.
williams partners access midstream projects we plan to expand our gathering infrastructure in the eagle ford, utica, and marcellus shale regions in order to meet our customers' production plans. the expansion of the gathering infrastructure includes the addition of new facilities, well connections, and gathering pipeline to the existing systems.
oak grove expansion we plan to expand our processing capacity at our oak grove facility by adding a second 200mmcf/d cryogenic natural gas processing plant, which, based on our customers' needs, is expected to be placed into service in 2019.
susquehanna supply hub we will continue to expand the gathering system in the susquehanna supply hub in northeastern pennsylvania that is needed to meet our customers' production plans. the expansion of the gathering infrastructure includes additional compression and gathering pipeline to the existing system.
atlantic sunrise in march 2015, we filed an application with the ferc to expand transco's existing natural gas transmission system along with greenfield facilities to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from the northeastern marcellus producing area to markets along transco's mainline as far south as station 85 in west central alabama.  we plan to place the project into service during the second half of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, and it is expected to increase capacity by 1,700 mdth/d.
constitution pipeline in december 2014, we received approval from the ferc to construct and operate the jointly owned constitution pipeline. we also received a notice of complete application from the new york department of environmental conservation (nydec) in december 2014, but we continue to seek issuance of clean water act section 401 certification by the nydec. we currently own 41 percent of constitution with three other parties holding 25 percent, 24 percent, and 10 percent, respectively. we will be the operator of constitution. the 124-mile constitution pipeline will connect our gathering system in susquehanna county, pennsylvania, to the iroquois gas transmission and tennessee gas pipeline systems in new york. we plan to place the project into service in the fourth quarter of 2016, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, with an expected capacity of 650 mdth/d.
rock springs in march 2015, we received approval from the ferc to expand transco's existing natural gas transmission system from new jersey to a proposed generation facility in maryland. the project is planned to be placed into service in third quarter 2016 and is expected to increase capacity by 192 mdth/d.
hillabee in february 2016, the ferc issued a certificate order for the initial phases of transco's hillabee expansion project. we may seek rehearing of certain aspects of the ferc order. the hillabee expansion project involves an expansion of transco's existing natural gas transmission system from station 85 in west central alabama to a proposed new interconnection with sabal trail transmission's system in alabama. the project will be constructed in phases, and all of the project expansion capacity will be leased to sabal trail transmission. we plan to place the initial phases of the project into service during the second quarters of 2017 and 2020, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, and together they are expected to increase capacity by 1,025 mdth/d.
gulf trace in october 2015, we received approval from the ferc to expand transco's existing natural gas transmission system together with greenfield facilities to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from station 65 in st. helena parish, louisiana westward to a new interconnection with sabine pass liquefaction in cameron parish, louisiana. we plan to place the project into service during the first quarter of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all other necessary regulatory approvals, and it is expected to increase capacity by 1,200 mdth/d.
dalton in march 2015, we filed an application with the ferc to expand transco's existing natural gas transmission system together with greenfield facilities to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from station 210 in new jersey to markets in northwest georgia. we plan to place the project into service in 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, and it is expected to increase capacity by 448 mdth/d.
garden state in february 2015, we filed an application with the ferc to expand transco's existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from station 210 in new jersey to a new interconnection on our trenton woodbury lateral in new jersey. the project will be constructed in phases and is expected to increase capacity by 180 mdth/d. we plan to place the initial phase of the project into service during the fourth quarter of 2016 and the remaining portion in the third quarter of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals.
virginia southside ii in march 2015, we filed an application with the ferc to expand transco's existing natural gas transmission system together with greenfield facilities to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from new jersey and virginia to a new lateral extending from our brunswick lateral in virginia. we plan to place the project into service during the fourth quarter of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, and expect it to increase capacity by 250 mdth/d.
new york bay in july 2015, we filed an application with the ferc to expand transco's existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from pennsylvania to the rockaway delivery lateral transfer point and the narrows meter station in richmond county, new york. we plan to place the project into service during the fourth quarter of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, and it is expected to increase capacity by 115 mdth/d.
redwater expansion as part of a long-term agreement to provide gas processing services to a second bitumen upgrader in canada's oil sands near fort mcmurray, alberta, we are increasing the capacity of the redwater facilities where ngl/olefins mixtures will be fractionated into an ethane/ethylene mix, propane, polymer grade propylene, normal butane, an alkylation feed and condensate. this capacity increase is expected to be placed into service during the first quarter of 2016.
williams ngl & petchem services canadian pdh facility we are developing a project to construct a pdh facility in alberta that will significantly increase production of polymer-grade propylene. the new pdh facility would produce approximately 1.1 billion pounds annually. due to our current capital allocation considerations, in the first quarter of 2016, management determined to substantially slow the pace of development activities, limit further investment, and proceed with a strategy that could result in the potential sale of this project, entering into a partnership to fund additional development, or deferring development of the project.
canadian ngl infrastructure expansion as part of a long-term agreement to provide gas processing to a second bitumen upgrader in canada's oil sands near fort mcmurray, alberta, we are building a new liquids extraction plant and an extension of the boreal pipeline, owned by our williams partners segment. the extension will enable transportation of the ngl/olefins mixture on the boreal pipeline from the new liquids extraction plant to the expanded redwater facilities, owned by our williams partners segment. we plan to place the new liquids extraction plant and interconnection with boreal into service during the first quarter of 2016, and expect initial ngl/olefins recoveries of approximately 12 mbbls/d. to mitigate ethane price risk associated with our processing services, we have a long-term agreement with a minimum price for ethane sales to a third-party customer.
gulf coast ngl and olefin infrastructure expansion certain previously acquired liquids pipelines in the gulf coast region will be combined with an organic build-out of several projects to expand our petrochemical services in that region. the projects include the construction and commissioning of pipeline systems capable of transporting various purity natural gas liquids and olefins products in the gulf coast region. in response to the current conditions in the midstream industry, we are slowing the pace of development and may seek partners for these projects.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions. we have reviewed the selection, application, and disclosure of these critical accounting estimates with our audit committee. we believe that the nature of these estimates and assumptions is material due to the subjectivity and judgment necessary, or the susceptibility of such matters to change, and the impact of these on our financial condition or results of operations.
pension and postretirement obligations we have employee benefit plans that include pension and other postretirement benefits. net periodic benefit cost and obligations for these plans are impacted by various estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions include the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, expected rate of compensation increase, health care cost trend rates, and employee demographics, including retirement age and mortality. these assumptions are reviewed annually and adjustments are made as needed. the assumptions utilized to compute cost and the benefit obligations are shown in note 9 - employee benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the following table presents the estimated increase (decrease) in net periodic benefit cost and obligations resulting from a one-percentage-point change in the specific assumption.
benefit cost                                                              benefit obligation one-percentage-pointincrease            one-percentage-pointdecrease           one-percentage-pointincrease        one-percentage-pointdecrease
pension benefits:
other postretirement benefits:
our expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, as determined at the beginning of each fiscal year, are based on the average rate of return expected on the funds invested in the plans. we determine our long-term expected rates of return on plan assets using our expectations of capital market results, which include an analysis of historical results as well as forward-looking projections. these capital market expectations are based on a period of at least 10 years and take into account our investment strategy and mix of assets, which are weighted toward domestic and international equity securities. we develop our expectations using input from several external sources, including consultation with our third-party independent investment consultant. the forward-looking capital market projections are developed using a consensus of economists' expectations for inflation, gdp growth, and dividend yield along with expected changes in risk premiums. the capital market return projections for specific asset classes in the investment portfolio are then applied to the relative weightings of the asset classes in the investment portfolio. the resulting rates are an estimate of future results and, thus, likely to be different than actual results.
in 2015, the benefit plans' assets outperformed their respective benchmarks for non-u.s. equity and fixed income strategies, but underperformed the respective benchmark for u.s. equity strategies. while the 2015 investment performance was less than our expected rates of return, the expected rates of return on plan assets are long-term in nature and are not significantly impacted by short-term market performance. changes to our asset allocation would also impact these expected rates of return. our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used for our pension plans was 6.38 percent in 2015. the 2015 actual return on plan assets for our pension plans was a loss of approximately 1.0 percent. the 10-year average rate of return on pension plan assets through december 2015 was approximately 4.4 percent.
the discount rates are used to measure the benefit obligations of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. the objective of the discount rates is to determine the amount, if invested at the december 31 measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt securities, that will provide the necessary cash flows when benefit payments are due. increases in the discount rates decrease the obligation and, generally, decrease the related cost. the discount rates for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans are determined separately based on an approach specific to our plans and their respective expected benefit cash flows as described in note 1 - general, description of business, basis of presentation, and summary of significant accounting policies and note 9 - employee benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements. our discount rate assumptions are impacted by changes in general economic and market conditions that affect interest rates on long-term, high-quality debt securities as well as by the duration of our plans' liabilities.
the assumed health care cost trend rates are based on national trend rates adjusted for our actual historical cost rates and plan design. an increase in this rate causes the other postretirement benefit obligation and cost to increase.
goodwill as disclosed within the critical accounting estimates discussion in item 2. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our form 10-q dated october 29, 2015, we performed an interim impairment evaluation of the goodwill associated with the access midstream reporting unit as of september 30, 2015. the goodwill associated with this reporting unit was initially recorded during the third quarter of 2014 in conjunction with our acquisition of acmp. at september 30, 2015, the fair value of this reporting unit, determined using an income approach, exceeded the carrying value and thus no impairment was recorded. for such a measurement, the book basis of the reporting unit was reduced by the associated deferred tax liabilities. we disclosed that the evaluation utilized a discount rate of approximately 9.4 percent.
on october 1, 2015, we performed our annual review of the goodwill within the northeast g&p and west reporting units. at that date, the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded the carrying value and no impairment was recorded. the discount rates utilized for the reporting units at october 1, 2015, were approximately 10.8 percent and 9.6 percent, respectively.
during the fourth quarter of 2015, we observed a significant decline in the market values of wpz and comparable midstream companies within the industry. this served to reduce our estimate of enterprise value and increased our estimates of discount rates. as a result, we performed an impairment assessment of the goodwill associated with all of our reporting units as of december 31, 2015. prior to this assessment, the book value of goodwill by reporting unit was as follows:
reporting segment   reporting unit                 goodwill
for our evaluation at december 31, 2015, we continued to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit based on an income approach utilizing discount rates specific to the underlying businesses of each reporting unit. these discount rates considered variables unique to each business area, including equity yields of comparable midstream businesses, expectations for future growth and customer performance considerations. weighted-average discount rates utilized for the reporting units were 12.8 percent for access midstream, 12.5 percent for northeast g&p, and 10.4 percent for the west. as a result of the increases in discount rates during the fourth quarter, coupled with certain reductions in estimated future cash flows determined during the same period, the fair values of the access midstream and northeast g&p reporting units were determined to be below their respective carrying values. for these reporting units, we calculated the implied fair value of goodwill by performing a hypothetical application of the acquisition method wherein the estimated fair value was assigned to the underlying assets and liabilities of each reporting unit. as a result of this analysis, we determined that the goodwill associated with each of these reporting units was fully impaired. for the west reporting unit, the estimated fair value significantly exceeded the carrying value and no impairment was recorded.
these results were corroborated with a market capitalization analysis whereby we reconciled the enterprise value at december 31, 2015, to the aggregate fair value of all of the reporting units and operating areas.
judgments and assumptions are inherent in our estimates of future cash flows, discount rates, and market measures used to evaluate these assets. the use of alternate judgments and assumptions could result in a different calculation of fair value, which could ultimately result in the recognition of a different impairment charge in the consolidated financial statements.
during the first quarter of 2016 to-date, we have observed further significant decline in the market value of wpz. continuation of this condition may require evaluating our remaining goodwill for potential impairment in the future.
equity-method investments as disclosed within the critical accounting estimates discussion in item 2. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our form 10-q dated october 29, 2015, in the third quarter of 2015 in response to declining market conditions, we assessed whether the carrying amounts of certain of our equity-method investments exceeded their fair value. as a result, we recognized other-than-temporary impairment charges of $458 million and $3 million in the third-quarter related to our equity-method investments in the delaware basin gas gathering system and certain of the appalachia midstream investments, respectively. the historical carrying value of these investments was initially recorded based on estimated fair value during the third quarter of 2014 in conjunction with our acquisition of acmp. we estimated the fair value of these investments using an income approach and discount rates of 11.8 percent and 8.8 percent, respectively.
in response to declining market conditions in the fourth quarter as previously discussed, we again assessed whether the carrying amounts of certain of our equity-method investments exceeded their fair value. in the fourth quarter, we recognized additional impairment charges of $45 million and $559 million related to the delaware basin gas gathering system and certain of the appalachia midstream investments, respectively, and impairment charges of $241 million and $45 million associated with ueom and laurel mountain, respectively. the historical carrying value of our original 49 percent interest in ueom was initially recorded based on estimated fair value during the third quarter of 2014 in conjunction with our acquisition of acmp and the remaining 13 percent interest reflected our cost of acquiring that additional interest in june 2015.
we estimated the fair value of these investments using an income approach and discounts rates ranging from 10.8 percent to 14.4 percent. these discount rates considered variables unique to each business area, including equity yields of comparable midstream businesses, expectations for future growth and customer performance considerations. we estimate that an overall increase in the discount rates utilized of 50 basis points would have resulted in additional impairment charges on these investments of approximately $286 million.
judgments and assumptions are inherent in our estimates of future cash flows, discount rates, and market measures utilized. the use of alternate judgments and assumptions could result in a different calculation of fair value, which could ultimately result in the recognition of a different impairment charge in the consolidated financial statements.
at december 31, 2015, our consolidated balance sheet includes approximately $7.3 billion of investments that are accounted for under the equity-method of accounting. we evaluate these investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in our management's judgment, that the carrying value of such investments may have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value. when evidence of loss in value has occurred, we compare our estimate of fair value of the investment to the carrying value of the investment to determine whether an impairment has occurred. we generally estimate the fair value of our investments using an income approach where significant judgments and assumptions include expected future cash flows and the appropriate discount rate. in some cases, we may utilize a form of market approach to estimate the fair value of our investments.
during the first quarter of 2016 and through the date of this filing, we have observed further significant decline in the market value of wpz. continuation of this condition and/or further decline in such value will likely require the evaluation of certain of our equity investments for potential impairment at march 31, 2016, including those that were impaired at december 31, 2015. as a result, there is the potential for significant additional noncash impairments of our investments in the future.
capitalized project development costs as of december 31, 2015 our consolidated balance sheet includes approximately $221 million of capitalized costs associated with a limited number of developing and deferred projects, some of which are considered probable of future completion while certain others are only reasonably possible of completion. following the significant decline in energy commodity prices and market values within our industry in 2015, we either reviewed these capitalized project costs for indicators of impairment or evaluated them for impairment as of december 31, 2015. where performed, our impairment evaluations considered probability-weighted scenarios of undiscounted future net cash flows, including reasonably possible scenarios assuming the construction and operation of the underlying projects.
as a result of these impairment evaluations, we recognized impairment charges of $158 million associated with certain of these projects. this includes a $94 million impairment charge within our williams partners segment associated with development costs for a gas processing plant for which completion is now considered remote due to the unfavorable impact of low natural gas prices on customer drilling activities, and a $64 million impairment charge within our williams ngl & petchem services segment associated with costs for an olefins pipeline project that is now considered remote due to the lack of customer interest.
we will continue to review and evaluate capitalized project costs for impairment in the future if we believe events or changes in circumstances indicate that we may not be able to recover the carrying value. such events or changes in circumstances may include changes in customer requirements associated with these projects, as well as overall changes in market demand. if, in a future evaluation, our carrying value for any of the projects exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flows, we will recognize an impairment for the difference between the carrying value and our estimate of fair value of the assets.
one of these projects is a canadian pdh facility for which we have capitalized project development costs of approximately $128 million at december 31, 2015. due to our current capital allocation considerations, management determined in the first quarter of 2016 to substantially slow the pace of development activities, limit further investment, and proceed with a strategy that could result in the potential sale of this project, entering into a partnership to fund additional development, or deferring development of the project. we have evaluated the recoverability of costs associated with this project under various scenarios of undiscounted future cash flows from the potential outcomes and determined that no impairment was required. as this strategy proceeds and our cash flow and value assumptions are updated, it is possible that some portion of these costs may be determined to be unrecoverable and thus result in an impairment.
property, plant, and equipment and other identifiable intangible assets we evaluate our property, plant, and equipment and other identifiable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in our judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. when an indicator of impairment has occurred, we compare our estimate of undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the assets to the carrying value of the assets to determine whether an impairment has occurred and we may apply a probability-weighted approach to consider the likelihood of different cash flow assumptions and possible outcomes including selling in the near term or holding for the remaining estimated useful life. if an impairment of the carrying value has occurred, we determine the amount of the impairment recognized by estimating the fair value of the assets and recording a loss for the amount that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value. this evaluation is performed at the lowest level for which separately identifiable cash flows exist.
at december 31, 2015, our consolidated balance sheet includes property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets totaling $29.6 billion and $10.0 billion, respectively. further declines in energy commodity prices and conditions in our industry may affect our estimates of future cash flows and impact assumptions about the performance of our customers. such indicators may cause us to evaluate these assets for potential impairment in future periods.
judgments and assumptions are inherent in estimating undiscounted future cash flows, fair values, and the probability-weighting of possible outcomes. the use of alternate judgments and assumptions could result in a different determination affecting the consolidated financial statements.
equity earnings (losses)                                                 335               +191                  +133       %                    144           +10                       +7         %                    134
gain on remeasurement of equity-method investment                          -             -2,544                  -100       %                  2,544           +2,544                    nm                                -
impairment of equity-method investments                               (1,359   )         -1,359                  nm                                -           -                         -          %                      -
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                    (399   )         +1,648                  nm                            1,249           -848                      nm                              401
service revenues increased primarily due to additional revenues associated with a full year of acmp operations in 2015, increased revenues associated with the start-up of operations at gulfstar one during the fourth quarter of 2014, and an increase in transco's natural gas transportation fees due to new projects placed in service in 2014 and 2015. revenues from operations associated with the acmp acquisition and the northeast region also increased due to higher volumes related to new well connects. a decrease in canadian construction management revenues, reflecting a shift to internal customer construction projects, partially offset these increases.
product sales decreased due to a decrease in marketing revenues primarily associated with lower prices across all products, partially offset by higher non-ethane volumes, and a decrease in revenues from our equity ngls reflecting lower ngl prices, partially offset by higher ngl volumes. product sales also decreased due to a decrease in olefin sales related to our canadian operations and our rgp splitter. the canadian decrease was primarily due to lower prices partially offset by higher propylene volumes. the rgp splitter decrease was primarily due to lower propane sales reflecting lower per-unit prices and lower propylene sales. these decreases are partially offset by an increase in olefin sales primarily due to resuming our geismar operations during 2015.
product costs decreased due to a decrease in marketing purchases primarily associated with lower per-unit costs, partially offset by higher non-ethane volumes, and a decrease in natural gas purchases associated with the production of equity ngls primarily due to lower natural gas prices, partially offset by higher volumes. product costs also decreased due to lower feedstock purchases in our canadian operations primarily due to lower per-unit feedstock costs across all products as well as lower costs at our rgp splitter driven by lower per-unit costs, partially offset by significantly higher volumes in 2015. these decreases are partially offset by an increase in olefin feedstock purchases primarily associated with resuming our geismar operations.
operating and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to new expenses associated with operations acquired in the acmp acquisition, increased growth of operating activity in certain areas, increased maintenance and repair expenses, and the return to operations of the geismar plant. these increases are partially offset by a decrease in canadian construction management expenses that reflect a shift to internal customer construction projects.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to new expenses associated with operations acquired in the acmp acquisition and from depreciation on new projects placed in service, including gulfstar one and the geismar expansion.
selling, general, and administrative expenses (sg&a) increased primarily due to administrative expenses associated with operations acquired in the acmp acquisition, including $31 million higher acmp merger and transition-related costs, partially offset by the absence of $16 million of acquisition costs incurred in 2014. in addition, 2015 includes $32 million of costs associated with our evaluation of strategic alternatives. these increases are partially offset by the absence of $18 million of project development costs incurred in 2014 related to the bluegrass pipeline reflecting 100 percent of such costs. the 50 percent noncontrolling interest share of these costs are presented in net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests.
impairment of goodwill reflects a 2015 impairment charge associated with certain goodwill (see note 17 - fair value measurements, guarantees, and concentration of credit risk of notes to consolidated financial statements).
other (income) expense - net within operating income (loss) changed unfavorably primarily due to increased impairments in 2015, the absence of $154 million of cash proceeds received in 2014 related to a contingency settlement gain, and the absence of a $12 million net gain recognized in 2014 related to a partial acreage dedication release. (see note 6 - other income and expenses.)
service and the start-up of the geismar plant, $229 million lower ngl margins driven by lower prices, lower insurance recoveries related to the geismar incident, higher costs related to the merger and integration of acmp into wpz, and 2015 strategic alternative expenses. these decreases were partially offset by increased service revenues related to construction projects placed in service, $116 million higher olefin margins primarily due to our geismar plant that returned to operations in 2015, and contributions from the operations acquired in the acmp acquisition.
equity earnings (losses) changed favorably primarily due to the absence of equity losses from bluegrass pipeline and moss lake in 2014 and due to contributions from investments acquired in the acmp acquisition. in addition, equity earnings at discovery increased $76 million primarily related to the completion of the keathley canyon connector in early 2015. these changes were partially offset by $33 million of losses associated with our share of impairments recognized at equity investees in 2015. (see note 5 - investing activities of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
gain on remeasurement of equity-method investment reflects the 2014 gain recognized as a result of remeasuring to fair value the equity-method investment that we held before we acquired a controlling interest in acmp. (see note 2 - acquisitions of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
impairment of equity-method investments reflects 2015 impairment charges associated with certain equity-method investments (see note 17 - fair value measurements, guarantees, and concentration of credit risk of notes to consolidated financial statements).
other investing income (loss) - net changed unfavorably primarily due to lower interest income associated with a receivable related to the sale of certain former venezuela assets.
interest expense increased due to a $230 million increase in interest incurred primarily due to new debt issuances in 2014 and 2015 and interest expense associated with debt assumed in conjunction with the acmp acquisition. this increase was partially offset by lower interest due to 2015 debt retirements and the absence of a $9 million acmp acquisition transaction-related financing fee incurred in the second quarter of 2014. in addition, interest capitalized decreased $67 million primarily related to construction projects that have been placed into service. (see note 2 - acquisitions and note 14 - debt, banking arrangements, and leases of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
other income (expense) - net below operating income (loss) changed favorably primarily due to a $43 million benefit related to an increase in allowance for equity funds used during construction (afudc) associated with an increase in spending on various transco expansion projects and constitution, a $14 million gain on early debt retirement in april 2015, and a $9 million contingency gain settlement.
provision (benefit) for income taxes changed favorably primarily due to lower pretax income in 2015. see note 7 - provision (benefit) for income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the effective tax rates compared to the federal statutory rate for both years.
the favorable change in net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests related to our investment in wpz is primarily due to lower operating results at wpz, our increased percentage of limited partner ownership of wpz, and the impact of increased income allocated to the wpz general partner, held by us, associated with idrs. these changes are partially offset by an unfavorable change related to our investment in gulfstar one associated with its start up in 2014.
service revenues increased primarily due to contributions associated with the acmp acquisition beginning in third quarter 2014, including $167 million of minimum volume commitment fees, and due to new canadian construction management services performed for third parties reported within the other segment. gathering fees increased driven by higher volumes and a net increase in gathering rates primarily in the susquehanna supply hub. natural gas transportation fee revenues increased primarily associated with expansion projects placed in service at transco in 2013. in addition, service revenues increased related to new processing, fractionation, and transportation fees from ohio valley midstream facilities that were placed in service in 2013 and 2014.
product sales decreased primarily due to lower olefin sales volumes associated with the lack of production in 2014 as a result of the geismar incident, partially offset by an increase in olefin sales on the rgp splitter primarily associated with higher volumes. in addition, equity ngl sales decreased primarily reflecting lower non-ethane volumes, partially offset by higher average ethane per-unit sales prices. crude oil, natural gas, and other marketing revenues decreased primarily related to lower volumes, while ngl marketing revenues increased primarily related to higher volumes partially offset by lower ngl prices.
product costs decreased primarily due to lower olefin feedstock purchases related to the lack of production in 2014 as a result of the geismar incident. in addition, natural gas purchases associated with the production of equity ngls decreased slightly reflecting lower volumes, which were substantially offset by higher natural gas prices. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in lower-of-cost-or-market adjustments due to significant declines in ngl prices during the fourth quarter of 2014 and lower crude oil, natural gas, and olefin volumes, partially offset by higher ngl volumes.
operating and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to costs incurred associated with new canadian construction management services performed for third parties. in addition, increases are due to expenses associated with operations acquired in the acmp acquisition beginning in third quarter 2014, including $15 million of transition-related costs, expenses incurred in 2014 associated with the installation of certain safety equipment at the geismar plant, and higher maintenance and growth in the our operations in the northeast region of the u.s. these increases were partially offset by a net increase in system gains and reduced gathering fuel expense in the western region operations.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily associated with assets acquired in the acmp acquisition beginning in third quarter 2014 and due to depreciation on new projects placed in service.
sg&a increased primarily due to operations acquired in the acmp acquisition beginning in third quarter 2014 including $52 million of acquisition, merger, and transition-related costs recognized in 2014, as well as $18 million of project development costs incurred in 2014 related to the bluegrass pipeline reflecting 100 percent of such costs. the 50 percent noncontrolling interest share of these costs are presented in net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests. in addition, sg&a increased in the northeast region of the u.s. related to significant operational growth driven by higher gathering fees associated with higher volumes from new well connections and the completion of various compression projects.
other (income) expense - net within operating income (loss) includes the following increases to net income:
•   the absence of a $25 million accrued loss recognized in 2013 associated with a producer claim against us;
•   the absence of a $20 million write-off in 2013 for certain pipeline assets;
other (income) expense - net within operating income (loss) includes the following decreases to net income:
•   $9 million of expenses in excess of the insurable limit associated with the geismar incident;
•   a $9 million increase in expenses associated with a regulatory liability for certain employee costs;
operating income (loss) changed favorably primarily due to increased service revenues at williams partners associated with higher gathering volumes and new assets placed in service, a $192 million increase in net insurance recoveries related to the geismar incident, $167 million of minimum volume commitment fee revenue at williams partners related to operations acquired in the acmp acquisition, and $154 million of cash proceeds in 2014 related to a contingency gain settlement. these increases are partially offset by $192 million lower olefin margins, $130 million lower ngl margins and $59 million lower marketing margins, as well as higher operating costs at williams partners and higher impairment charges recognized in 2014.
equity earnings (losses) changed favorably primarily due to the recognition of $96 million of equity earnings in the second half of 2014 related to equity investments acquired in the acmp acquisition, and an increase in equity earnings from caiman ii and laurel mountain. these increases are partially offset by $78 million of equity losses from bluegrass pipeline and moss lake in 2014 related primarily to the underlying write-off of previously capitalized project development costs, $19 million of equity losses associated with acquisition-related compensation expenses resulting from the acmp acquisition, and $17 million lower equity earnings related to our equity-method investment in acmp since we consolidate this investment as of july 1, 2014.
gain on remeasurement of equity-method investment represents the gain we recognized as a result of remeasuring to fair value the equity-method investment that we held before we acquired a controlling interest in acmp.
other investing income (loss) - net changed unfavorably primarily due to $26 million lower gains resulting from acmp's equity issuances prior to our consolidation of that entity beginning in third quarter 2014 and lower interest income.
interest expense increased due to a $277 million increase in interest incurred primarily due to new debt issuances in the fourth quarter of 2013 and the first half of 2014, as well as combining acmp's debt in third quarter 2014, and $9 million of acmp acquisition-related financing costs incurred in 2014. the increase in interest incurred is partially offset by an increase of $40 million in interest capitalized related to construction projects in progress.
other income (expense) - net changed favorably primarily due to the benefit from the equity afudc associated with ongoing capital projects within our regulated operations.
provision (benefit) for income taxes changed unfavorably primarily due to higher pretax income in 2014. this is partially offset by the absence of $99 million deferred income tax expense recognized in 2013, and a benefit of $34 million recorded in 2014 related to the undistributed earnings of certain foreign operations that are no longer considered permanently reinvested. see note 7 - provision (benefit) for income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the effective tax rates compared to the federal statutory rate for both years.
income (loss) from discontinued operations changed favorably primarily due to the absence of a $15 million pretax charge resulting from an unfavorable ruling associated with our former alaska refinery related to the trans-alaska pipeline system quality bank in 2013.
•   $95 million favorable for our investment in wpz primarily due to the impact of increased income allocated to the wpz general partner associated with idrs;
year-over-year operating results - segments we evaluate segment operating performance based upon modified ebitda. note 19 - segment disclosures of notes to consolidated financial statements includes a reconciliation of this non-gaap measure to net income (loss). management uses modified ebitda because it is an accepted financial indicator used by investors to compare company performance. in addition, management believes that this measure provides investors an enhanced perspective of the operating performance of our assets. modified ebitda should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for a measure of performance prepared in accordance with gaap.
proportional modified ebitda of equity-method investments         699                   431                   209
williams partners modified ebitda                              $4,003                $3,244                $2,447
modified ebitda increased primarily due to the acquisition of acmp during the third quarter of 2014 and increased fee revenue associated with contributions from new and expanded facilities, including gulfstar one during the fourth quarter 2014, in addition to resuming our geismar operations and contributions related to the completion of the keathley canyon connector at discovery. partially offsetting these increases to modified ebitda is a decrease in ngl margins as a result of a significant decline in commodity prices beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014 and lower insurance recoveries related to the geismar incident.
the increase in service revenues is primarily due to $810 million additional revenues associated with a full year of acmp operations in 2015 which includes a $72 million increase in the minimum volume commitment fees, $223 million in increased revenues associated with the start-up of operations at gulfstar one during the fourth quarter of 2014, and a $155 million increase in transco's natural gas transportation fees due to new projects placed in service in 2015 and 2014. additionally, service revenues reflect higher fees associated with increased volumes and additional contributions in the northeast. higher revenues in the northeast include expanded gathering operations and processing, fractionation and transportation operations, contributing $59 million and $27 million of additional fees, respectively.
•   a $1,173 million decrease in marketing revenues primarily associated with lower prices across all products, partially offset by higher non-ethane volumes (more than offset in marketing purchases).
•   a $324 million decrease in revenues from our equity ngls reflecting a decrease of $365 million due to lower ngl prices, partially offset by a $41 million increase associated with higher ngl volumes.
•   a $214 million increase in olefin sales primarily due to $298 million in higher sales from our geismar plant that returned to operation, partially offset by a $58 million decrease from our canadian operations and a $26 million decrease from our rgp splitter. the decrease in canada is comprised of $68 million in lower prices, partially offset by $10 million associated with higher propylene volumes. the lower prices reflect a 53 percent per-unit decrease in propylene prices and a 39 percent per-unit decrease in alky feedstock prices. the decrease in sales at our rgp splitter is caused by $15 million in lower propane sales reflecting 56 percent lower per-unit prices and $11 million in lower propylene sales reflecting 47 percent lower per-unit prices, partially offset by favorable volumes.
•   a $1,219 million decrease in marketing purchases primarily due to a decrease in non-ethane per-unit cost (substantial offset in marketing revenues).
•   a $95 million decrease in the natural gas purchases associated with the production of equity ngls reflecting a decrease of $127 million due to lower natural gas prices, partially offset by a $31 increase associated with higher volumes.
•   a $98 million increase in olefin feedstock purchases is comprised of $127 million in higher purchases due to increased volumes at our geismar plant as it returned to operation, partially offset by $16 million in lower olefin feedstock purchases in our canadian operations primarily due to lower per-unit feedstock costs across all products and $13 million in lower costs at our rgp splitter driven by lower per-unit costs, partially offset by significantly higher volumes in 2015. during 2014, the splitter was running at reduced volumes because a third-party storage facility was down during the first quarter and transportation was limited due to the geismar incident.
•   an increase for new expenses associated with operations acquired in the acmp acquisition.
•   the absence of $154 million of cash received in the fourth quarter of 2014 associated with the resolution of a contingent gain related to claims arising from the purchase of a business in a prior period (see note 6 - other income and expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements).
•   a $94 million impairment charge associated with previously capitalized project development costs for a gas processing plant.
the increase in proportional modified ebitda of equity-method investments is primarily due to a full year contribution of $160 million from investments acquired in the acmp acquisition and a $103 million increase from
discovery associated with higher fee revenues attributable to the completion of the keathley canyon connector in the first quarter of 2015. additionally, caiman ii increased $21 million resulting from assets placed into service in 2014 and 2015, partially offset by the absence of business interruption insurance proceeds received in the prior year, and an $11 million decrease at laurel mountain. the decrease at laurel mountain was primarily due to $13 million of impairments and lower gathering fees due to lower gathering rates indexed to natural gas prices, partially offset by 24 percent higher volumes and an increase in our ownership percentage compared to the prior year.
modified ebitda increased primarily due to the acquisition of acmp during the third quarter of 2014, increased fee revenue associated with contributions from new and expanded facilities, higher insurance recoveries related to the geismar incident, and a favorable settlement. partially offsetting these increases to modified ebitda are lower margins as a result of a significant decline in commodity prices beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014 and higher impairment charges related to certain materials and equipment.
the increase in service revenues is primarily due to a $781 million of increased service revenues associated with operations acquired in the acmp acquisition beginning in the third quarter 2014, including $167 million of mvc fees. additionally, service revenues reflect $88 million higher fee-based revenues resulting from higher gathering volumes driven by new well connections, the completion of various compression projects, and a net increase in gathering rates associated with customer contract modifications primarily in the susquehanna supply hub of the northeast region. fee-based revenues also increased $22 million due to contributions from our ohio valley midstream business resulting from the addition of processing, fractionation and transportation facilities placed in service in 2013 and 2014. in addition, natural gas transportation revenues increased $71 million primarily from expansion projects placed into service in 2013 for transco and $19 million in new service fees associated with the start-up of our gulfstar one assets.
•   a $251 million decrease in olefin sales primarily associated with a $295 million decrease due to lower volumes related to the lack of production in 2014 as a result of the geismar incident, partially offset by a $42 million increase in revenues from our rgp splitter associated with a $32 million increase in volumes due to a third-party storage facility resuming operations during 2014, and a $10 million increase due to higher per-unit sales prices (substantially offset in product costs).
•   a $132 million decrease in revenues from our equity ngls primarily reflecting a decrease of $161 million due to lower non-ethane volumes, partially offset by a $29 million increase associated with higher average ethane per-unit sales prices. equity non-ethane sales volumes are 22 percent lower primarily due to a customer contract that expired in september 2013.
•   a $26 million decrease in marketing revenues primarily associated with lower crude oil volumes and prices, and lower non-ethane prices, partially offset by increased non-ethane volumes.
•   a $59 million decrease in olefin feedstock purchases primarily associated with a $99 million decrease due to lower volumes related to the lack of production in 2014 as a result of the geismar incident. offsetting this decrease is a $36 million increase from our rgp splitter facility attributable to a $30 million increase in volumes due to a third-party storage facility resuming operations during 2014 and a $6 million increase in per-unit costs (more than offset in product sales).
•   a $2 million decrease in natural gas purchases associated with the production of equity ngls reflecting $87 million associated with lower volumes, which were substantially offset by an $85 million increase associated with higher natural gas prices.
•   a $33 million increase in marketing purchases primarily due to increased ngl volumes and lower-of-cost-or-market (lcm) inventory adjustments associated with significant declines in ngl prices during the fourth quarter of 2014.
•   a $293 million increase in expenses associated with operations acquired in the acmp acquisition. these expenses include operating and maintenance expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses (sg&amp;a).
•   a $24 million increase in sg&amp;a due to higher legal and arbitration costs, consulting expenses and employee costs.
•   a $95 million favorable change in other (income) expense - net primarily due to $154 million settlement arising from the resolution of a contingent gain related to claims associated with the purchase of a business in a prior period and the absence of a $25 million accrued loss recognized in 2013 associated with a producer claim against us. partially offsetting these gains are $52 million of impairment charges recognized in 2014 related to certain materials and equipment, a $10 million loss related to the sale of certain assets and a $9 million increase in expenses associated with a regulatory liability for certain employee costs.
•   a $13 million benefit related to an increase in equity afudc due to higher spending on constitution and various transco expansion projects.
the increase in proportional modified ebitda of equity-method investments is primarily due to a $178 million contribution during the second half of 2014 from investments acquired in the acmp acquisition. additionally, caiman ii increased $25 million resulting from assets placed into service in 2014, business interruption insurance proceeds received in 2014 and a higher ownership percentage. laurel mountain also increased $12 million due to the absence of certain 2013 write-offs, increased gathering volumes and increased ownership.
proportional modified ebitda of equity-method investments   -                   (78       )         -
williams ngl &amp; petchem services modified ebitda         $(83      )         $(115     )         $(33      )
the favorable change in modified ebitda is primarily due to the absence of our share of the 2014 write-off of previously capitalized project development costs at bluegrass pipeline and moss lake, as well as costs incurred in 2014 relating to the development of the bluegrass pipeline, partially offset by the 2015 write-off of previously capitalized project development costs for an olefins pipeline project.
segment costs and expenses increased primarily due to the $64 million write-off of previously capitalized project development costs for an olefins pipeline project in 2015, partially offset by the absence of $18 million of project development costs incurred in 2014 relating to the bluegrass pipeline.
the favorable change in proportional modified ebitda of equity-method investments is primarily due to the absence of our share of the 2014 write-off of previously capitalized project development costs at bluegrass pipeline and moss lake.
the unfavorable change in modified ebitda is primarily due to our share of the 2014 write-off of previously capitalized project development costs at bluegrass pipeline and moss lake, as well as costs incurred in 2014 relating to the development of the bluegrass pipeline, partially offset by the absence of a 2013 write-off of an abandoned project.
segment costs and expenses increased primarily due to higher expensed costs related to development projects. we expensed $18 million of project development costs during 2014 related to bluegrass pipeline. these higher expenses were substantially offset by the absence of a $20 million write-off of an abandoned project during 2013.
the unfavorable change in proportional modified ebitda of equity-method investments is due to losses from bluegrass pipeline and moss lake related primarily to the underlying write-off of previously capitalized project development costs in 2014.
other modifed ebitda   $(29      )         $103                $197
modified ebitda decreased significantly as the results from the businesses acquired in the acmp acquisition are presented within williams partners for periods subsequent to the july 1, 2014, acquisition. other included the proportional modified ebitda of $104 million of our former equity-method investment in acmp for the first half of 2014, which was partially offset by $19 million associated with our share of compensation costs triggered by the acmp acquisition recognized in july 2014. modified ebitda also decreased by $30 million related to costs incurred in 2015 related to evaluating our strategic alternatives and the merger agreement with energy transfer, as well as $24 million of higher costs associated with integration and re-alignment of resources following the acmp acquisition and merger. these decreases are partially offset by a $9 million contingency gain settlement recognized in fourth quarter 2015.
modified ebitda decreased significantly as the results from our former equity-method investment in acmp are included in other for the first half of 2014, while 2013 included a full year of results. modified ebitda also decreased related to $19 million of our share of compensation costs triggered by the acmp acquisition incurred in 2014, as previously discussed, and integration and re-alignment of resources following the acmp acquisition. these decreases are partially offset by lower expenses incurred related to benefits and higher benefit from the allowance for equity funds used for construction associated with capital projects within our regulated operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and liquidity overview in 2015, we continued to focus upon both growth in our businesses through disciplined investment and growth in our per-share dividends. examples of this growth included:
•   wpz's acquisitions of a gathering system in the eagle ford shale and an additional 13 percent interest in its equity-method investment in ueom;
•   wpz's commissioning of the bucking horse gas processing facility joint venture in the powder river basin niobrara shale;
this growth was funded through cash flow from operations, distributions from wpz, and additional net borrowings at wpz.
outlook we continue to transition to an overall business mix that is increasingly fee-based. although our cash flows are impacted by fluctuations in energy commodity prices, that impact is somewhat mitigated by certain of our cash flow streams that are not directly impacted by short-term commodity price movements, including:
•   firm demand and capacity reservation transportation revenues under long-term contracts;
however, we are indirectly exposed to longer duration depressed energy commodity prices and the related impact on drilling activities and volumes available for gathering and processing services.
we believe we have, or have access to, the financial resources and liquidity necessary to meet our requirements for working capital, capital and investment expenditures, dividends and distributions, debt service payments, and tax payments, while maintaining a sufficient level of liquidity. in particular, we note that our expected growth capital and investment expenditures total approximately $2.2 billion in 2016, down approximately $1.5 billion from previous plans. approximately $1.3 billion of our growth capital funding needs include transco expansions and other interstate pipeline growth projects, most of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements. the remaining growth capital and investment expenditures primarily reflect investments in gathering and processing systems limited to known new producer volumes, including wells drilled and completed awaiting connecting infrastructure. we also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. we retain the flexibility to adjust planned levels of capital and investment expenditures in response to changes in economic conditions or business opportunities. in addition, we expect proceeds from planned asset monetizations in excess of $1 billion during 2016.
liquidity based on our forecasted levels of cash flow from operations and other sources of liquidity, we expect to have sufficient liquidity to manage our businesses in 2016. our internal and external sources of consolidated liquidity to fund working capital requirements, capital and investment expenditures, debt service payments, dividends and distributions, and tax payments include:
•   cash generated from operations, including cash distributions from wpz and our equity-method investees based on our level of ownership and incentive distribution rights;
•   cash proceeds from issuances of debt and/or equity securities;
•   use of our credit facility.
wpz is expected to fund its cash needs through its cash flows from operations and its credit facilities and/or commercial paper program, transco's recent debt issuance described further below, and planned asset monetizations as previously mentioned. wpz does not plan to issue public equity or public debt in 2016. we anticipate the more significant uses of cash to be:
•   maintenance and expansion capital and investment expenditures;
•   repayment of current debt maturities;
potential risks associated with our planned levels of liquidity and the planned capital and investment expenditures discussed above include those previously discussed in company outlook.
as of december 31, 2015, we had a working capital deficit (current liabilities, inclusive of commercial paper outstanding and long-term debt due within one year, in excess of current assets) of $970 million. excluding the impact of the $499 million in commercial paper outstanding, which we consider to be a reduction of wpz's credit facility capacity as noted in the table below, our working capital deficit is $471 million. our available liquidity is as follows:
available liquidity                                                                                                                                         wpz       wmb                       total
capacity available under our $1.5 billion credit facility (1)                                                                                                     850               850
capacity available to wpz under its $3.5 billion credit facility less amounts outstanding under its $3 billion commercial paper program (2)           1,691                                 1,691
capacity available to wpz under its short-term credit facility (3)                                                                            150                                   150
(1)   the highest amount outstanding under our credit facility during 2015 was $675 million. at december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with the financial covenants associated with this credit facility. see note 14 - debt, banking arrangements, and leases of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on our credit facility. borrowing capacity available under this facility as of february 25, 2016, was $1.025 billion.
(2)   in managing our available liquidity, we do not expect a maximum outstanding amount in excess of the capacity of wpz's credit facility inclusive of any outstanding amounts under its commercial paper program. wpz has $499 million of commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2015. the highest amount outstanding under wpz's commercial paper program and credit facility during 2015 was $3.1 billion. at december 31, 2015, wpz was in compliance with the financial covenants associated with this credit facility and the commercial paper program. see note 14 - debt, banking arrangements, and leases of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on wpz's credit facility and wpz's commercial paper program. borrowing capacity available under this facility as of february 25, 2016, was $2.507 billion.
(3)   see note 14 - debt, banking arrangements, and leases of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on wpz's short-term credit facility entered into august 26, 2015, and amended december 23, 2015. borrowing capacity available under this facility as of february 25, 2016, was $150 million.
on september 24, 2015, wpz received a special distribution of $396 million from gulfstream reflecting its proportional share of the proceeds from new debt issued by gulfstream. the new debt was issued to refinance gulfstream's debt maturities. subsequently, wpz contributed $248 million to gulfstream for its proportional share of amounts necessary to fund debt maturities of $500 million due on november 1, 2015. wpz also expects to contribute its proportional share of amounts necessary to fund debt maturities of $300 million due on june 1, 2016.
as described in note 14 - debt, banking arrangements, and leases of notes to consolidated financial statements, we have determined that we have net assets that are technically considered restricted in accordance with rule 4-08(e) of regulation s-x of the securities and exchange commission in excess of 25 percent of our consolidated net assets. we do not expect this determination will impact our ability to pay dividends or meet future obligations as the terms of wpz's partnership agreement require it to make quarterly distributions of all available cash, as defined, to its unitholders.
wpz incentive distribution rights our ownership interest in wpz includes the right to incentive distributions determined in accordance with wpz's partnership agreement. we have agreed to temporarily waive incentive distributions of approximately $2 million per quarter in connection with wpz's acquisition of an approximate 13 percent additional interest in ueom on june 10, 2015. the waiver will continue through the quarter ending september 30, 2017.
we are required to pay a $428 million termination fee to wpz, associated with the termination agreement (as described in note 1 - general, description of business, basis of presentation, and summary of significant accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements), which will settle through a reduction of quarterly incentive distributions we are entitled to receive from wpz (such reduction not to exceed $209 million per quarter). the november 2015 and february 2016 distributions from wpz were each reduced by $209 million related to this termination fee.
debt issuances and retirements on january 22, 2016, transco issued $1 billion of 7.85 percent senior unsecured notes due 2026 to investors in a private debt placement. transco intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to repay debt and to fund capital expenditures.
in december 2015, wpz borrowed $850 million on a variable interest rate loan with certain lenders due 2018. wpz used the proceeds for working capital, capital expenditures, and for general partnership purposes.
on march 3, 2015, wpz completed a public offering of $1.25 billion of 3.6 percent senior unsecured notes due 2022, $750 million of 4 percent senior unsecured notes due 2025, and $1 billion of 5.1 percent senior unsecured notes due 2045. wpz used the net proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program and credit facility, to fund capital expenditures, and for general partnership purposes.
on june 27, 2014, pre-merger wpz completed a public offering of $750 million of 3.9 percent senior unsecured notes due 2025 and $500 million of 4.9 percent senior unsecured notes due 2045. pre-merger wpz used the net proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program, to fund capital expenditures, and for general partnership purposes.
on june 24, 2014, we completed a public offering of $1.25 billion of 4.55 percent senior unsecured notes due 2024 and $650 million of 5.75 percent unsecured notes due 2044. we used the net proceeds to finance a portion of the acmp acquisition.
on march 4, 2014, pre-merger wpz completed a public offering of $1 billion of 4.3 percent senior unsecured notes due 2024 and $500 million of 5.4 percent senior unsecured notes due 2044. pre-merger wpz used the net proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program, to fund capital expenditures, and for general partnership purposes.
equity offering on june 23, 2014, we issued 61 million shares of common stock in a public offering at a price of $57.00 per share. that amount includes 8 million shares purchased pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriter's option to purchase additional shares. the net proceeds of $3.378 billion were used to finance a portion of the acmp acquisition.
on february 25, 2015, wpz filed a shelf registration statement, as a well-known seasoned issuer and wpz also filed a shelf registration statement for the offer and sale from time to time of common units representing limited partner interests in wpz having an aggregate offering price of up to $1 billion. these sales will be made over a period of time and from time to time in transactions at prices which are market prices prevailing at the time of sale, prices related to market price or at negotiated prices. such sales will be made pursuant to an equity distribution agreement between wpz and certain banks who may act as sales agents or purchase for its own accounts as principals. during 2015, 1,790,840 common units were issued under this registration. the net proceeds of $59 million were used for general partnership purposes.
distributions from equity-method investees the organizational documents of entities in which we have an equity-method interest generally require distribution of their available cash to their members on a quarterly basis. in each case, available cash is reduced, in part, by reserves appropriate for operating their respective businesses. see note 5 - investing activities of notes to consolidated financial statements for our more significant equity-method investees.
credit ratings our ability to borrow money is impacted by our credit ratings and the credit ratings of wpz. the current ratings are as follows:
rating agency               outlook                              senior unsecureddebt rating   corporatecredit rating wmb:   standard &amp; poor's       stable                               bb                            bb moody's investors service   ratings under review for downgrade   ba1                           n/a fitch ratings               rating watch negative                bb+                           n/a wpz:   standard &amp; poor's       negative                             bbb-                          bbb-
moody's investors service   negative                             baa3                          n/a fitch ratings               stable                               bbb-                          n/a during january 2016 moody's investors service and fitch ratings downgraded the rating for wmb below investment grade and standard & poor's revised the wmb outlook. as a result, wmb's future cost of borrowings could increase.  as of december 31, 2015, we estimate that we could be required to provide up to $235 million in additional collateral of either cash or letters of credit with third parties under existing contracts.  at the present time, we have not provided any additional collateral to third parties but no assurance can be given that we will not be requested to provide collateral in the future. the credit ratings agencies lowered the ratings of wpz in december 2015 and in january 2016, and standard & poor's and fitch ratings revised the wpz outlook. in february 2016, standard & poor's affirmed wpz's ratings and revised wpz's outlook. wpz maintains investment grade ratings. as of december 31,
2015, we estimate that a downgrade to a rating below investment grade for wpz could require it to provide up to $271 million in additional collateral with third parties.
operating activities                                  $2,678                $2,115                $2,217
financing activities                                     481                 7,601                 1,677
investing activities                                  (3,299    )          (10,157    )           (4,052    )
operating activities the factors that determine operating activities are largely the same as those that affect net income (loss), with the exception of noncash items such as impairment of goodwill, gain on remeasurement of equity-method investment, impairment of equity-method investments, depreciation and amortization, and provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes. our net cash provided (used) by operating activities in 2015 increased from 2014 primarily due to the impact of net favorable changes in operating working capital and the absence of contributions from acmp for the first six months of 2014.
our net cash provided (used) by operating activities in 2014 decreased from 2013 primarily due to the impact of net unfavorable changes in operating working capital, lower olefins production margins, and increased interest payments on debt. these changes were partially offset by proceeds from insurance recoveries on the geismar incident, proceeds from a contingency settlement in 2014, and contributions from consolidating acmp for the second half of 2014.
financing activities significant transactions include:
•   $2.097 billion received from our credit facility borrowings;
•   $1.817 billion paid on our credit facility borrowings;
•   $3.832 billion received from wpz's credit facility borrowings;
•   $3.162 billion paid on wpz's credit facility borrowings;
•   $670 million paid on our credit facility borrowings;
•   $1.040 billion received from our credit facility borrowings;
•   $1.646 billion received from wpz's credit facility borrowings;
•   $1.156 billion paid on wpz's credit facility borrowings;
•   $3.416 billion received from our equity offerings;
•   $1.705 billion received from wpz's credit facility borrowings;
•   $2.08 billion paid on wpz's credit facility borrowings;
•   $1.819 billion received from wpz's equity offerings;
investing activities significant transactions include:
•   capital expenditures totaled $3.167 billion;
•   $112 million paid to purchase a gathering system comprised of approximately 140 miles of pipeline and a sour gas compression facility in the eagle ford shale;
•   purchases of and contributions to our equity-method investments of $595 million;
•   capital expenditures totaled $4.031 billion;
•   purchases of and contributions to our equity-method investments of $482 million;
•   $5.958 billion paid, net of cash acquired, for the acmp acquisition.
•   capital expenditures totaled $3.572 billion;
•   purchases of and contributions to our equity-method investments of $455 million.
off-balance sheet arrangements and guarantees of debt or other commitments we have various other guarantees and commitments which are disclosed in note 3 - variable interest entities, note 11 - property, plant, and equipment, note 14 - debt, banking arrangements, and leases, note 17 - fair value measurements, guarantees, and concentration of credit risk, and note 18 - contingent liabilities and commitments of notes to consolidated financial statements. we do not believe these guarantees and commitments or the possible fulfillment of them will prevent us from meeting our liquidity needs.
contractual obligations the table below summarizes the maturity dates of our contractual obligations at december 31, 2015:
capital leases                     1                   -                     -                     -                     1
(1)   includes the borrowings outstanding under credit facilities, but does not include any related variable-rate interest payments.
(2)   the 2016 amount includes $200 million that is presented as long-term debt at december 31, 2015 on the consolidated balance sheet, due to wpz's intent and ability to refinance.
(3)   includes approximately $730 million in open property, plant, and equipment purchase orders. includes an estimated $269 million long-term ethane purchase obligation with index-based pricing terms that is reflected in this table at december 31, 2015 prices. this obligation is part of an overall exchange agreement whereby volumes we transport on oppl are sold at a third-party fractionator near conway, kansas, and we are subsequently obligated to purchase ethane volumes at mont belvieu. the purchased ethane volumes may be utilized or resold at comparable prices in the mont belvieu market. includes an estimated $411 million long-term ngl purchase obligation with index-based pricing terms that primarily supplies a third party at its plant and is valued in this table at a price calculated using december 31, 2015 prices. any excess purchased volumes may be sold at comparable market prices. in addition, we have not included certain natural gas life-of-lease contracts for which
the future volumes are indeterminable. we have not included commitments, beyond purchase orders, for the acquisition or construction of property, plant, and equipment or expected contributions to our jointly owned investments. (see company outlook - expansion projects.)
(4)   does not include estimated contributions to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. we made contributions to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans of $70 million in 2015 and $69 million in 2014. in 2016, we expect to contribute approximately $69 million to these plans (see note 9 - employee benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements). tax-qualified pension plans are required to meet minimum contribution requirements. in the past, we have contributed amounts to our tax-qualified pension plans in excess of the minimum required contribution. these excess amounts can be used to offset future minimum contribution requirements. during 2015, we contributed $60 million to our tax-qualified pension plans. in addition to these contributions, a portion of the excess contributions was used to meet the minimum contribution requirements. during 2016, we expect to contribute approximately $60 million to our tax-qualified pension plans and use excess amounts to satisfy minimum contribution requirements, if needed. additionally, estimated future minimum funding requirements may vary significantly from historical requirements if actual results differ significantly from estimated results for assumptions such as returns on plan assets, interest rates, retirement rates, mortality, and other significant assumptions or by changes to current legislation and regulations.
(5)   we have not included income tax liabilities in the table above. see note 7 - provision (benefit) for income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of income taxes, including our contingent tax liability reserves.
effects of inflation our operations have historically not been materially affected by inflation. approximately 36 percent of our gross property, plant, and equipment is comprised of our interstate natural gas pipeline assets. they are subject to regulation, which limits recovery to historical cost. while amounts in excess of historical cost are not recoverable under current ferc practices, we anticipate being allowed to recover and earn a return based on increased actual cost incurred to replace existing assets. cost-based regulations, along with competition and other market factors, may limit our ability to recover such increased costs. for our gathering and processing assets, operating costs are influenced to a greater extent by both competition for specialized services and specific price changes in crude oil and natural gas and related commodities than by changes in general inflation. crude oil, natural gas, and ngl prices are particularly sensitive to the market perceptions concerning the supply and demand balance in the near future, as well as general economic conditions. however, our exposure to certain of these price changes is reduced through the fee-based nature of certain of our services and the use of hedging instruments.
environmental we are a participant in certain environmental activities in various stages including assessment studies, cleanup operations and/or remedial processes at certain sites, some of which we currently do not own (see note 18 - contingent liabilities and commitments of notes to consolidated financial statements). we are monitoring these sites in a coordinated effort with other potentially responsible parties, the epa, or other governmental authorities. we are jointly and severally liable along with unrelated third parties in some of these activities and solely responsible in others. current estimates of the most likely costs of such activities are approximately $40 million, all of which are included in accrued liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2015. we will seek recovery of approximately $8 million of these accrued costs through future natural gas transmission rates. the remainder of these costs will be funded from operations. during 2015, we paid approximately $7 million for cleanup and/or remediation and monitoring activities. we expect to pay approximately $7 million in 2016 for these activities. estimates of the most likely costs of cleanup are generally based on completed assessment studies, preliminary results of studies, or our experience with other similar cleanup operations. at december 31, 2015, certain assessment studies were still in process for which the ultimate outcome may yield different estimates of most likely costs. therefore, the actual costs incurred will depend on the final amount, type, and extent of contamination discovered at these sites, the final cleanup standards mandated by the epa or other governmental authorities, and other factors.
in march 2008, the epa promulgated a new, lower national ambient air quality standard (naaqs) for ground-level ozone. in may 2012, the epa completed designation of new eight-hour ozone nonattainment areas. several transco
facilities are located in 2008 ozone nonattainment areas. in december 2014, the epa proposed to further reduce the ground-level ozone naaqs from the march 2008 levels and subsequently finalized a rule on october 1, 2015. we are monitoring the rule's implementation as the reduction will trigger additional federal and state regulatory actions that may impact our operations. to date, no federal actions have been proposed to mandate additional emission controls at these facilities. pursuant to pending state regulatory actions associated with implementation of the 2008 ozone standard, we anticipate that some facilities may be subject to increased controls within five years. implementation of the regulations is expected to result in impacts to our operations and increase the cost of additions to property, plant, and equipment - net on the consolidated balance sheet for both new and existing facilities in affected areas. we are unable at this time to estimate with any certainty the cost of additions that may be required to meet the regulations.
on january 22, 2010, the epa set a new one-hour nitrogen dioxide (no2) naaqs. the effective date of the new no2 standard was april 12, 2010. on january 20, 2012, the epa determined pursuant to available information that no area in the country is violating the 2010 no2 naaqs and thus designated all areas of the country as "unclassifiable/attainment." also, at that time the epa noted its plan to deploy an expanded no2 monitoring network beginning in 2013. however on october 5, 2012, the epa proposed a graduated implementation of the monitoring network between january 1, 2014 and january 1, 2017. once three years of data is collected from the new monitoring network, the epa will reassess attainment status with the one-hour no2 naaqs. until that time, the epa or states may require ambient air quality modeling on a case by case basis to demonstrate compliance with the no2 standard. because we are unable to predict the outcome of the epa's or states' future assessment using the new monitoring network, we are unable to estimate the cost of additions that may be required to meet this regulation.
our interstate natural gas pipelines consider prudently incurred environmental assessment and remediation costs and the costs associated with compliance with environmental standards to be recoverable through rates.