The company's financial condition and operating results depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions. The company's ability to compete successfully depends heavily on its ability to ensure a continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products and technologies to the marketplace. The company believes it is unique in that it designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. The company must make significant investments in research and development. The company has invested and will continue to invest in programs to enhance reseller sales, including staffing selected resellers' stores with company employees and contractors, and improving product placement displays. The company may be subject to information technology system failures and network disruptions. System failures and disruptions could also impede the manufacturing and shipping of products, delivery of online services, transactions processing and financial reporting. The company relies on access to third-party digital content, which may not be available to the company on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The company's future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers. The company believes decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products depend in part on the availability of third-party software applications and services. The company relies on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to the company on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that have not yet been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. The company's business and reputation may be impacted by information technology system failures or network disruptions. The company devotes significant resources to network security, data encryption and other security measures to protect its systems and data, but these security measures cannot provide absolute security. The company's business requires it to use and store customer, employee and business partner personally identifiable information. The company has implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The company's success depends largely on the continued service and availability of key personnel. The company has invested in manufacturing process equipment, much of which is held at certain of its outsourcing partners, and has made prepayments to certain of its suppliers associated with long-term supply agreements. The company is subject to laws and regulations worldwide, changes to which could increase the company's costs and adversely affect the company's business. The company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product announcements and shipments. The company also reviews its long-lived assets, including capital assets held at its suppliers' facilities and inventory prepayments, for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The company records a write-down for product and component inventories that have become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand or net realizable value. The company also records reductions to revenue for expected future product returns based on the company's historical experience. The company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. The company's financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus local currencies. The company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the market values of its investment portfolio. The company's future gross margins can be impacted by multiple factors including, but not limited to, pricing pressures, increased competition, and potential increases in the costs of outside manufacturing services.