Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include our ability to develop, market, and offer new products and services or enhancements to existing products and services that meet customer requirements. The process of developing new high technology products and services and enhancing existing products and services is complex, costly, and uncertain. If we fail to anticipate customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends, our market share and results of operations could suffer. We must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand. Additionally, any delay in the development, production, marketing, or offering of a new product or service could result in customer attrition or impede our ability to attract new customers, causing a decline in our revenues and weakening our competitive position. We maintain strategic relationships with third parties to market certain of our products and support certain product functionality. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining these strategic relationships, our ability to compete in the marketplace would be impaired. Recent trends have shown a technological shift from personal computers to tablet and mobile devices. If we cannot continue to adapt our products to these devices, our business could be harmed. The introduction of new products, services, and business models by existing and new competitors could harm our competitive position. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our existing products and services, introduce new products and services on a timely and cost-effective basis, and respond to emerging standards and technological developments. Market acceptance of our new product offerings will depend on our ability to include functionality and usability that address customer requirements. We devote significant resources to the development of technologies and service offerings in markets where our operating history is less extensive, which may require considerable investment of technical, financial, compliance, and sales resources. Our cloud strategy requires continued investment in product development and cloud operations, which may give rise to risks, including customer concerns regarding information security and service availability. Security vulnerabilities in our products and systems could lead to reduced revenues or liability claims. Maintaining the security of our products, computers, and networks is critical. Cyber-attackers develop new techniques to penetrate security measures, and costs to address these problems may not be successful. We also rely on third-party service providers to host and deliver services and data, and any interruptions or delays in these hosted services could expose us to liability and harm our business. Our business relies on our network infrastructure and enterprise applications, and disruptions could cause system interruptions, reputational harm, and loss of critical data. Our corporate headquarters and significant operations are located in areas prone to catastrophic events, which could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations. We are subject to risks associated with compliance with laws and regulations globally, which may harm our business. Our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances may fluctuate due to changes in our planned cash outlay, including changes in costs related to acquisitions. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital and operating resource expenditure requirements for the next twelve months.