Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. Changes in laws and regulations may decrease our revenues and earnings, and we are subject to a wide range of complex laws and regulations that could require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business. We are focused on ensuring our operating environments safeguard and protect personal and business information, and although we maintain a robust program of information security and controls, the impact of a breach could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems, and if any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. Our businesses operate in industries that are subject to rapid technological advances and changing client needs and preferences, and we continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our existing solutions and services to remain competitive and responsive to client demands. The increase in systems development and programming costs is due to increased costs to develop, support, and maintain our products, which is essential for enhancing our IT capabilities and ensuring operational efficiency. Our strategic pillars are predicated on our ability to drive innovation and service excellence, which includes leveraging technology to deliver market-leading products and services that meet the needs of our clients across all of our markets. We expect to invest significant additional resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities as threats continue to evolve. Our investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments, which is critical for managing our client funds obligations. The ability to adapt our technology to meet client needs and preferences is vital, as failure to do so may diminish the demand for our services. We believe that the separation of our dealer services business will allow both companies to focus on their respective businesses, industries, and strategic opportunities, further directing our attention and resources to our mission. Our commitment to service excellence lies at the core of our relationship with each of our clients, and we seek to embrace new technology and innovation to enhance our service offerings. Our focus on product innovation and improvements in salesforce productivity has led to growth in new business bookings, reflecting the strength of our underlying business model. The ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the skills to serve our clients is partially dependent on our IT capabilities, as competition for skilled employees in the outsourcing and other markets is intense. Overall, our IT capabilities are integral to transforming our firm into a competitive force, supporting business needs, and enhancing organizational effectiveness through strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility.