Our performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of our generation, transmission and distribution facilities. Operating these facilities involves many risks, including compliance with mandatory reliability standards, including mandatory cyber security standards. Information technology failure that affects our ability to access customer information or causes us to lose confidential or proprietary data that materially and adversely affects our reputation or exposes us to legal claims is a significant concern. We own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems. The computer systems that run our facilities are not completely isolated from external networks, making them potential targets for cyber attacks. A successful cyber attack on the systems that control our generation, transmission, distribution or other assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing us from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect our ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to our reputation. In addition, the misappropriation, corruption or loss of personally identifiable information and other confidential data could lead to significant breach notification expenses and mitigation expenses such as credit monitoring. We maintain cyber insurance to cover liabilities and losses directly arising from a potential cyber event. However, damage and claims arising from such incidents may exceed the amount of any insurance available, and other damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered at all. For these reasons, a significant cyber incident could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. In an effort to reduce the likelihood and severity of cyber intrusions, we have a comprehensive cyber security program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data and systems. However, cyber threats continue to evolve and adapt, and, as a result, there is a risk that we could experience a successful cyber attack despite our current security posture and regulatory compliance efforts. Our business requires that we collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. We are exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe us money or power could breach their obligations. Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative hedging arrangements or honor underlying commitments at then-current market prices that may exceed our contractual prices, which would cause our financial results to be diminished and we might incur losses. Our dependence on transmission facilities owned and operated by other nonaffiliated power companies to deliver the power we sell at wholesale exposes us to a variety of risks. If transmission is disrupted, or transmission capacity is inadequate, we may not be able to sell and deliver our wholesale power. If a region's power transmission infrastructure is inadequate, our recovery of wholesale costs and profits may be limited. Our ability to obtain adequate and timely recovery of costs associated with the cook plant is not assured. Compliance with new reliability standards may subject us to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. We are subject to mandatory cyber security regulatory requirements.