The company's business depends in large part on its technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and its strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs while ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. Some of the information technology systems and software are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade to current standards. The company is in a continual state of upgrading and enhancing its business systems; however, these changes are always challenging in its complex integrated environment. The success of the company is dependent on maintaining or improving the effectiveness of existing systems and continuing to develop and enhance information systems that support its business processes in a cost-efficient manner. Interruption in telecommunication, information technology, and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality, or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, could harm the business. The company depends heavily on its telecommunication, information technology, and other operational systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data used to run its businesses and service its customers. Despite the implementation of various security measures, its information technology and other systems could be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, unauthorized tampering, security breaches, or other cyber-attacks, resulting in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality, or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to customers, or in the misappropriation of intellectual property or proprietary information. The financial statements are subject to the application of generally accepted accounting principles in both the United States and Japan, which are periodically revised and/or expanded. The company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management framework to mitigate risk and loss to the company, maintaining policies, procedures, and controls intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the risks to which it is exposed. However, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that have not been appropriately anticipated or identified. The management of operational, legal, and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies, procedures, and controls to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies, procedures, and controls may not be fully effective. The company employs a team of credit analysts to monitor the creditworthiness of the issuers in its portfolio, and any credit-related declines in the fair value of positions held in its portfolio that are believed to be not temporary will negatively impact net income through impairment and other credit-related losses. The company is exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The primary interest rate exposure is to the impact of changes in interest rates on the fair value of investments in debt and perpetual securities. The company monitors its investment portfolio on a quarterly basis utilizing a full valuation methodology, measuring price volatility and sensitivity of the fair values of its investments to interest rate changes. The company continues to monitor the spread between its new money yield and the required interest assumption for newly issued products in both the United States and Japan and will re-evaluate those assumptions as necessary.