We use computer systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and utilize customer, employee, and company data and information. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to access these systems to perform necessary business functions, including providing insurance quotes, processing premium payments, making changes to existing policies, filing and paying claims, administering variable annuity products and mutual funds, providing customer support and managing our investment portfolios. Systems failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business and hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers. Our systems have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to unauthorized access, such as physical or electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering. We have, from time to time, experienced threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, systems failures and disruptions. There is no assurance that our security measures will provide fully effective security from such events. We maintain cyber risk insurance, but this insurance may not cover all costs associated with the consequences of personal, confidential or proprietary information being compromised. In addition, we routinely transmit, receive and store personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other electronic means. Although we attempt to keep such information confidential, we may be unable to do so in all events, especially with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties who may not have or use appropriate controls to protect confidential information. Furthermore, certain of our businesses are subject to compliance with laws and regulations enacted by U.S. federal and state governments, the European Union or other jurisdictions or enacted by various regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to the privacy and security of the information of clients, employees or others. The compromise of personal, confidential or proprietary information could result in remediation costs, legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm. We strive to maintain all required licenses and approvals. However, our businesses may not fully comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations. The relevant authority's interpretation of the laws and regulations also may change from time to time. Regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew or revoke licenses and approvals. If we do not have the required licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, these authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or impose substantial fines. Our operations are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may affect our operations, increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our profitability. We manage our business risk oversight activities through our insurance operations. A primary goal in managing our insurance operations is to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted return on equity. To achieve this goal, we must be disciplined in risk selection, premium adequacy, and appropriate terms and conditions to cover the risk accepted. We analyze concentrations of risk using various modeling techniques, including both probability distributions and single-point estimates approaches. We recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. With multiple levels of risk management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate science and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models and strategic planning.