In the ordinary course of business, we face risks that are either nonfinancial or unquantifiable, including credit risk and legal risk. Our invested assets are primarily held as cash and cash equivalents, which are subject to various market risk exposures such as interest rate risk. As of December 31, 2014, we had $2,125.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our various note purchase agreements. We manage the balance sheets of our foreign subsidiaries, where practical, such that foreign liabilities are matched with equal foreign assets, maintaining a "balanced book" which minimizes the effects of currency fluctuations. We periodically review the adequacy of our liabilities for deferred run-off obligations based on the estimated costs to provide future services to former clients. Our revenue recognition includes commission revenues recognized at the later of the billing or the effective date of the related insurance policies, net of an allowance for estimated policy cancellations. We recognize supplemental commission revenues using internal data and information received from insurance carriers that allows us to reasonably estimate the supplemental commissions earned in the period. The establishment of goodwill, expiration lists, non-compete agreements, and trade names is primarily based on valuations we receive from qualified independent appraisers. The calculations of these amounts are based on estimates and assumptions using historical and projected financial information and recognized valuation methods. We perform impairment reviews at the reporting unit level with respect to goodwill and at the business unit level for amortizable intangible assets. We review all of our intangible assets for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Our brokerage segment generates revenues through commissions paid by insurance underwriters and through fees charged to our clients. The risk management segment provides contract claim settlement and administration services for enterprises that choose to self-insure some or all of their property/casualty coverages. We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our primary sources of compensation for our retail brokerage services are commissions paid by insurance companies and brokerage and advisory fees paid directly by our clients. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. Our current estimate of the 2015 annual after-tax earnings, including IRC section 45 tax credits, which will be generated from all of our clean energy investments is $90.0 million to $110.0 million. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. Our acquisition program and integration efforts are meeting our expectations, and we expect that our brokerage segment's commission and fee revenues will continue to grow as a result of acquisitions. We have a secured revolving loan facility that provides funding for the three acquired Australian and New Zealand premium finance subsidiaries. The premium financing debt facility provides funding for the three acquired Australian and New Zealand premium finance subsidiaries. We expect to use these additional earnings to continue our mergers and acquisition strategy in our core brokerage and risk management operations. The increase in compensation expense in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to an increase in the average number of employees, salary increases, and one-time compensation payments. The increase in operating expense in 2014 compared to 2013 was due primarily to increases in technology expenses, professional and banking fees, and other expenses related to acquisitions completed during 2014.