We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our strategy is to position our products and distribution systems to meet the changing needs of the customer in managing the risks they face. This includes customers who want local advice and assistance and those who are self-directed. Our strategy for the allstate brand focuses on customers who prefer local personal advice and service and are brand-sensitive. We are undergoing a focused effort to enhance agency capabilities while simplifying and automating service processes to enable agencies to focus more time in an advisory role and provide appropriate product offerings. We continue to enhance technology to improve customer service, facilitate the introduction of new products and services, and reduce infrastructure costs related to supporting agencies and handling claims. Our sophisticated pricing methodology allows us to attract and retain multiple risk segments. A combination of underwriting information, pricing, and discounts are used to achieve a more competitive position. We continue to manage our property catastrophe exposure with the goal of providing shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in our property business and to reduce the variability of our earnings. We are also working to promote measures to prevent and mitigate losses and make homes and communities more resilient, including enactment of stronger building codes and effective enforcement of those codes, adoption of sensible land use policies, and development of effective and affordable methods of improving the resilience of existing structures. We have invested in growth strategies by acting on our customer value propositions for each of our brands, through our differentiated product offerings and our distinctive advertising campaigns. Our customer-focused strategy aligns targeted marketing, product innovation, distribution effectiveness, and pricing toward acquiring and retaining an increased share of our target customers. We are investing to build long-term growth platforms and modernize our operating model to efficiently deliver our customer value propositions. We expect volatility in the level of catastrophes we experience will contribute to variation in our underwriting results; however, this volatility will be mitigated due to our catastrophe management actions, including the purchase of reinsurance. We will continue our evolution to a trusted advisor model, enabling agencies to more fully deliver on the allstate brand customer value proposition. We are also increasing allstate exclusive agency engagement to drive cross-selling of voluntary benefits products, and developing opportunities for revenue growth through new product and fee income offerings. Our investment strategies focus on the total return of assets needed to support the underlying liabilities, asset-liability management, and achieving an appropriate return on capital. We anticipate a continuation of our asset allocation strategy for long-term immediate annuities to have less reliance on investments whose returns come primarily from interest payments to investments in which we have ownership interests and a greater proportion of return is derived from idiosyncratic operating or market performance. We expect to more actively manage the portfolio and are developing strategies focused on the intermediate 3 to 5 year investment horizon.