Applied must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage its resources and production capacity for each of its segments as well as across multiple segments, and may incur unexpected or additional costs to align its business operations. The increasing importance of establishing, improving and maintaining strong relationships with customers is highlighted, as is the need to continually reduce the total cost of manufacturing system ownership, due in part to greater demand for lower-cost consumer electronics compared to business information technology spending. The heightened importance to customers of system reliability and productivity affects demand for fabrication systems as a result of their increasing productivity, device yield, and reliability. Applied must accurately forecast, and allocate appropriate resources and investment towards addressing key technology changes and inflections, such as the transition to 20nm devices, to enable opportunities for gains. The ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees is vital to Applied's success, as its competitiveness and ability to execute on its global strategies depend on this capability. Applied conducts certain engineering, software development, manufacturing, sourcing, and other operations in regions outside the United States, which requires an effective organizational structure and appropriate business processes, procedures, and controls. The expanding role of third-party providers necessitates changes to Applied's existing operations and the adoption of new procedures and processes for retaining and managing these providers. If Applied does not accurately forecast the amount, timing, and mix of demand for products, or if contract manufacturers or other outsource providers fail to perform in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, Applied's ability to meet customer requirements could suffer. Applied is implementing a multi-year, company-wide program to transform certain business processes or extend established processes, including enhancements or replacements to certain enterprise resource planning software systems. The implementation of additional functionality to the ERP system entails certain risks, including difficulties with changes in business processes that could disrupt Applied's operations, such as its ability to track orders and timely ship products, project inventory requirements, manage its supply chain, and aggregate financial and operational data. Applied's business depends on its timely supply of equipment, services, and related products that meet the rapidly changing technical and volume requirements of its customers. The company must continually innovate, commercialize its products, and adapt its business and product offerings to respond to competition and rapid technological changes. The development, introduction, and support of a broadening set of products in more collaborative, geographically diverse, open, and varied competitive environments have grown more complex and expensive over time. Applied's future success depends on many factors, including the effective commercialization and customer acceptance of its equipment, services, and related products. The ability to maintain operating flexibility to enable different responses to different markets, customers, and applications is essential for Applied. The need to provide sufficient levels of technical support in different locations around the world is also critical. Applied is exposed to risks associated with ongoing changes in the various industries in which it operates, which impact demand for and/or the profitability of its products.