We are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion and random attack. Likewise, data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may pose a risk that sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to the company, its patients, customers or other business partners, may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. Our key business partners face similar risks and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. While in the past we have experienced cyber-attacks and intrusions into our computer systems, we do not believe that such attacks have had a material adverse effect on our operations. While we continue to invest heavily in the protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions, or identify breaches in our systems, that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm to us. Our business will continue to face various challenges. Certain of our products will face increasing competitive pressure as a result of competitive product launches. Additionally, certain of the existing patents on our principal products recently expired or will expire this year or over the next few years, and we expect to face increasing competition, including biosimilars. Our strategy for long-term growth continues to focus on discovery and development of innovative medicines to address serious illnesses, development of branded biosimilars, global expansion, next-generation manufacturing of high quality biologics, development of improved biologic drug delivery systems and return of capital to shareholders. We are also advancing a number of key initiatives to streamline processes, increase agility and efficiencies, and improve operating performance. These initiatives include improved contracting and sourcing, rationalizing discretionary spending, greater use of shared services and optimizing R&D efficiency. Our restructuring plan and our continued focus on increasing cost efficiencies in all areas of the company will enable us to reallocate resources to fund many of our growth opportunities to deliver value to patients and shareholders. We must develop new products over time in order to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched, as well as in order to provide for revenue and earnings growth. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities. However, successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. We are also confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. Our operations and performance have been, and may continue to be, affected by economic conditions in the United States and throughout the world. As more fully explained below, financial pressures may cause government or other third-party payers to more aggressively seek cost containment through mandatory discounts on our products, policies requiring the automatic substitution of generics or biosimilars, higher hurdles for initial reimbursement approval for new products or other similar measures.