Our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are not renewed. Integrating acquired portfolios of communications sites may require significant resources, as well as attention from our management team. Additionally, transitioning all data related to the acquired assets, tenants, and landlords to a common information technology system is a critical challenge. We rely on information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational activities and to maintain our business records. Our computer systems could fail on their own accord and are subject to interruption or damage from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, usage errors, catastrophic events such as natural disasters, and other events beyond our control. If our computer systems and our backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, or breached, or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations or unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information, which could damage our reputation and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues. We maintain disaster recovery programs and security measures; however, we may not have adequate insurance to cover the associated costs of repair or reconstruction for a major future event. The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks or changes in a tenant's business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, decrease demand for tower space, or reduce previously obtainable lease rates. Wireless service providers continue to invest in their wireless networks by adding new cell sites and additional equipment to their existing cell sites, which drives demand for our communications sites. We expect our tenants to continue deploying additional equipment across their existing networks, and we anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network infrastructure is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. Our holistic master lease agreements with major tenants build and augment strong strategic partnerships, significantly reducing collocation cycle times and providing our tenants with the ability to rapidly and efficiently deploy equipment on our sites. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, influenced by the growth of wireless communications services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the financial performance of our tenants. The integration of acquired or leased assets into our operations may also involve significant challenges, including maintaining our standards, controls, procedures, and policies. Our international expansion initiatives are subject to additional risks, including the need for effective information management and the ability to adapt to varying regulatory environments. The successful integration of technology resources and the management of our technology portfolio will be essential in supporting our business strategies and enhancing our operational efficiency.