Our cloud networking solutions consist of our extensible operating system, or eos, a set of network applications and our 10/40/100 gigabit ethernet switches. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation and visibility. The programmability of eos has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration and network services. We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. We expect to continue rapidly growing our organization to meet the needs of new and existing customers as they increasingly realize the performance and cost benefits of our cloud networking solutions and as they expand their cloud networks. We intend to continue to invest in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features and build upon our technology leadership. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in our rapid development of new features and applications. By investing in research and development, we believe we will be well positioned to continue our rapid growth and take advantage of our large market opportunity. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our eos software and enhancements to eos. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture. This enables us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and to leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. Our ability to expand sales to our existing customers as well as to add new end customers is critical for our future success. We expect that a substantial portion of our future sales will be follow-on sales to existing end customers. Our sales strategy targets specific projects at our current end customers because they are familiar with the operational and economic benefits of our cloud networking solutions. We believe this opportunity with current end customers to be significant given their existing infrastructure and expected future spend. Our results of operations will depend on our ability to sell additional products to our growing base of customers. We also face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we must continue to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform to succeed in our market. The cloud networking market can be characterized by rapid technological shifts and increasingly complex end-customer requirements to achieve scalable and more programmable networks that facilitate virtualization, big data, public/private cloud and web scale computing. We must continue to develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends and changing end-customer needs. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We expect to continue to derive a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers. We plan to continue to invest in our network of channel partners to empower them to reach new end customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers and provide services and support effectively.