The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications, and broadband communications. Demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change, and the company is dependent on the acceptance of new product introductions for continued revenue growth. The company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business and competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service, and delivery time. Competitors include large, diversified companies, some of which have substantially greater assets and financial resources than the company. The company's long-term results of operations depend substantially upon its ability to continue to conceive, design, source, and market new products and upon continuing market acceptance of its existing and future product lines. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its OEM customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one-to-three year period. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The company is also focused on controlling costs by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes, and expanding into lower-cost areas. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing success factors such as developing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions, controlling costs, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company’s ability to invest in its business and make strategic acquisitions requires access to the capital markets, and if general economic and capital market conditions deteriorate significantly, it could impact the company's ability to access the capital markets. The company is subject to interest rate volatility with regard to existing and future issuances of debt and monitors the mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. The company’s ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of its fundamental financial strengths, providing significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments. The company uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. The company has a history of borrowing funds domestically and continues to have the ability to borrow funds domestically at reasonable interest rates. The company is subject to risks of political, economic, and military instability in countries outside the United States, which could negatively affect sales, profitability, or liquidity. The company may experience difficulties and unanticipated expenses of assimilating newly acquired businesses, including the potential for the impairment of goodwill. The company continually develops or creates new product line concepts, and if the company fails to or is significantly delayed in introducing new product line concepts or if the company's new products are not met with market acceptance, its business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. The company’s results may be negatively affected by foreign currency exchange rates, and it attempts to minimize currency exposure risk in a number of ways, including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold. The company’s continued success depends upon its continued ability to hire and retain key employees at its operations around the world, as any difficulties in obtaining or retaining the management and other human resource competencies that the company needs to achieve its business objectives may have an adverse effect on its performance.