Our ability to realize the benefits from the acquisition of LSI will depend on the timely integration and consolidation of organizations, operations, facilities, procedures, policies, and technologies, and the harmonization of differences in the business cultures between the two companies and their personnel. Integration of the LSI business will be complex and time-consuming, will involve additional expense, and could disrupt our business and divert management's attention from ongoing business concerns. The challenges involved in integrating LSI include combining and integrating information technology systems. We rely on various IT systems, including networks, applications, and outsourced services. We depend on third-party vendors to provide critical corporate infrastructure services, including certain services related to accounting, billing, human resources, benefit plan administration, IT network development, and network monitoring. The ability of these third-party vendors to successfully provide reliable, high-quality services is subject to technical and operational uncertainties that are beyond our control. Any failure of these systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations by harming our ability to accurately forecast sales demand, manage our supply chain and production facilities, fulfill customer orders, and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. We also face risks associated with our distributors' product inventories and product sell-through. Our business is dependent on us winning competitive bid selection processes, known as "design wins," to develop semiconductors for use in our customers' products. These selection processes are typically lengthy and can require us to incur significant design and development expenditures and dedicate scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. Our ability to compete successfully depends on elements both within and outside of our control, including industry and general economic trends. The actions of our competitors, particularly in the area of pricing, can have a substantial adverse impact on our revenues. We operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model that principally utilizes third-party foundry and module assembly and test capabilities. We are highly reliant on third-party foundry wafer fabrication capacity, including single-sourcing for many components or products. If one or more of our contract manufacturers or third-party component providers fails to perform its obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring products to market and to timely deliver products to our customers could suffer. We also depend on selected foundries to timely develop new, advanced manufacturing processes and we may be unable to deliver products to our customers if these new processes are not timely developed or we do not have sufficient access to them. Our manufacturing efficiency will be an important factor in our future financial performance, and we may be unable to maintain or increase our manufacturing efficiency to the same extent as our competitors. We expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future, due to the increasing complexity and number of products we plan to develop. We have made significant investments in research and development to improve existing and develop new technologies to keep pace with technological advances and to remain competitive in our business. Our success depends in part upon protecting our intellectual property. We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our IP rights, and even with significant expenditures, we may not be able to protect our IP rights valuable to our business.