Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. The development of new products and new product features is complex, time consuming and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The technology associated with law enforcement devices is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. While we have some patent protection in certain key areas of our cew, axon and saas technology, it is possible that new technology may result in competing products that operate outside our patents and could present significant competition for our products which could adversely affect our revenue. Delayed or lengthy time to adoption by law enforcement agencies will negatively impact our sales and profitability. A substantial number of law enforcement agencies may be slow to adopt our evidence.com digital data evidence management and storage solution, requiring extended periods of trial and evaluation. The hosted service delivery business model is not presently widely adopted by our law enforcement customer base. As such, the sales cycle has additional complexity with the need to educate our customers and address issues regarding agency bandwidth requirements, data retention policies, data security and chain of evidence custody. Our service involves the storage and transmission of customers' proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and possible liability. We devote significant resources to engineer secure products and ensure security vulnerabilities are mitigated. Despite these efforts, security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, and malfeasance or otherwise. Interruptions or delays in service from our third-party cloud storage providers for our evidence.com service, or the loss or corruption of digitally stored evidence, would impair the delivery of our service and harm our business. Our business will also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our service is unreliable. We have built a network of distribution channels for selling and marketing our products and services to law enforcement agencies, primarily in North America, with ongoing focus and effort placed on expanding these programs in international, military and other markets. Our core mission is to protect life and to protect truth through technologies that make communities safer. Technological innovation is the foundation for our long-term growth and we intend to maintain our commitment to the research and development of our technology for both new and existing products that further our mission. We believe that the video evidence capture and management market will continue to grow significantly due to several factors, including increasing recognition of the benefits and value of video evidence and other mobile technologies. We aim to work closely with our customers to develop new value added features to our existing platform that are necessary to optimize their workflows, as well as develop adjacent technologies in wearables, cloud, and mobile devices. Our strategy is to create a dominant market position in domestic law enforcement and internationally over time. We expect additional efforts will encompass tech summits, sponsorships, tradeshows, interaction with trade associations, and other promotional activities. We anticipate further increases in these trial programs, ultimately leading to increased sales. As market acceptance grows, we anticipate fewer and/or shorter trial programs will be necessary to capture sales. We have also decided to make focused investments in targeted countries as we see considerable opportunity for increased sales in those regions.