The payments industry is highly competitive, and we compete with a wide variety of financial payment products, including charge, credit, and debit card networks and issuers, as well as evolving alternative payment mechanisms. Our success will depend in part on our ability to develop new technologies and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. We rely on third parties for the development of and access to new technologies, and we expect that new technologies applicable to the payments industry will continue to emerge. Our ability to develop, acquire, or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may be limited by patent rights that third parties may assert. We must effectively manage operational and compliance risks, which can expose us to reputational risks as well as fines, civil money penalties, or payment of damages. Our risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return, but these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. We have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor, and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including operational risk, which includes the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes or information systems. Our information technology systems may experience service disruptions or degradation due to technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, or cyber-attacks. A significant disruption or breach in the security of our information technology systems could lead to reputational damage and significant legal, regulatory, and financial exposure. We have agreements with business partners that represent a significant portion of our business, and we are exposed to risks associated with these partners, including bankruptcies and restructurings. Our ability to attract and maintain deposits is also dependent on capital levels of our banking subsidiaries, which are subject to regulatory constraints. We operate a service network around the world and rely on third-party vendors for many of the computer systems and services integral to our operations. If a service provider fails to provide the data quality or services we require, it could interrupt or compromise the quality of our services to customers. We are subject to various applicable privacy, data protection, and information security laws, and compliance with these laws could result in higher costs and restrict our ability to fully exploit our closed-loop capability. Our ability to innovate by offering new payment services products depends on our capacity to develop and issue new or enhanced card and prepaid products. The evolving regulatory environment may increase our compliance costs or result in a reduction of transactions processed on our networks, which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. As cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to strengthen our protective security measures. Our business is characterized by high levels of spending by our card members, and increasing consumer and business spending on our payment services products depends on our ability to develop and issue new or enhanced card and prepaid products. If we cannot successfully execute on our strategy, our business and financial results may be adversely impacted.