Our ability to grow depends in part on new store openings, existing store remodels and expansions, and effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network. We have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain to improve our ability to provide the best parts at the right price. We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions, and summarize results. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, and catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, inability to process purchase orders, and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty. The increasing use of technology also poses a risk as customers are able to quickly compare products and prices and use social media to provide feedback in a manner that is rapidly and broadly dispersed. Failure to protect the privacy and security of customers', autozoners', or company information could damage our reputation, subject us to litigation, and cause us to incur substantial costs. We take significant steps to protect customer, employee, and other confidential information, including maintaining compliance with payment card industry standards. However, our security measures may be breached in the future due to cyber-attack, employee error, fraud, trickery, hacking, or other intentional or unintentional acts, and unauthorized parties may obtain access to this data. We have closely studied our hub distribution model and store inventory levels and assortment. We are performing certain strategic tests including adding additional inventory into our hub stores, increasing product availability, and delivering to stores more frequently. We believe that much of our brand value lies in the quality of the more than 76,000 autozoners employed in our stores, distribution centers, and store support centers. We cannot be assured that we can continue to hire and retain qualified employees at current wage rates. If we are unable to hire, properly train, and/or retain qualified employees, we could experience higher employment costs, reduced sales, losses of customers, and diminution of our brand, which could adversely affect our earnings. Our ability to grow depends in part on new store openings, existing store remodels and expansions, and effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network. We have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain to improve our ability to provide the best parts at the right price. We cannot provide any assurance that we will continue to open stores at historical rates or continue to achieve increases in same store sales. In addition, we extensively utilize hub stores, our supply chain, and logistics management techniques to efficiently stock our stores. If we fail to effectively utilize our existing hubs and/or supply chains or if our investments in our supply chain do not provide the anticipated benefits, we could experience sub-optimal inventory levels in our stores, which could adversely affect our sales volume and/or our margins.