We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. Our information technology systems have been subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, and we expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. These attacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being lost or stolen, disruption of our operations, and other negative consequences, such as increased costs for security measures or remediation costs, and diversion of management attention. While we will continue to implement additional protective measures to reduce the risk of and detect future cyber incidents, cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and the techniques used in such attacks change rapidly. There can be no assurances that our protective measures will prevent future attacks that could have a significant impact on our business. A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on products that deliver greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers, and researchers. The development of these products requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials, and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products, complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the United States and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products, and gain and maintain market approval of our products. We have been engaged in a project to upgrade our enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system. Our ERP system is critical to our ability to accurately maintain books and records, record transactions, provide important information to our management and prepare our financial statements. The implementation of the new ERP system has required, and will continue to require, the investment of significant financial and human resources. In addition, we may not be able to successfully complete the full implementation of the ERP system without experiencing difficulties. Any disruptions, delays, or deficiencies in the design and implementation of the new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations, or otherwise operate our business. Our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business, develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. We face significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical outcomes, price, services, and other factors. The medical technology industry is subject to rapid technological change. The development of new or improved products, processes, or technologies by other companies may render our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. Our ability to penetrate emerging markets depends on local economic and political conditions, and how well we are able to acquire or form strategic business alliances with local companies and make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities and distribution networks. We cannot guarantee that any of our strategic acquisitions, investments, or alliances will be successful. The success of any acquisition, investment, or alliance may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to properly assess and value the potential business opportunity or to successfully integrate any business we may acquire into our existing business.