Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including but not limited to changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications, and other data processing systems. Our systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of our network security systems or otherwise. In addition, our systems face ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks. Breaches of our network security systems could involve attacks that are intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information, destroy data, or disable, degrade, or sabotage our systems. We operate in businesses that are highly dependent on information systems and technology. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from its current level. Furthermore, we depend on our headquarters in New York City, where most of our personnel are located, for the continued operation of our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our headquarters, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. Our business is organized into five segments: private equity, real estate, hedge fund solutions, credit, and financial advisory. We generate revenue from fees earned pursuant to contractual arrangements with funds, fund investors, and fund portfolio companies, including management, transaction, and monitoring fees, and from financial and strategic advisory, restructuring and reorganization advisory, capital markets services, and fund placement services for alternative investment funds. Our business model derives revenue primarily from third-party assets under management and from advisory businesses. Blackstone is not a capital or balance sheet-intensive business and targets operating expense levels such that total management and advisory fees exceed total operating expenses each period. We require limited capital resources to support the working capital or operating needs of our businesses. Our available capital could be adversely affected if there are prolonged periods of few substantial realizations from our investment funds accompanied by substantial capital calls for new investments from those investment funds. We have multiple sources of liquidity to meet our capital needs, including annual cash flows, accumulated earnings in the businesses, investments in our own treasury and liquid funds, and access to our debt capacity. The timing and receipt of carried interest generated by our carry funds is uncertain and will contribute to the volatility of our results. The lack of credit in 2008 and 2009 materially hindered the initiation of new, large-sized transactions for our private equity and real estate segments and adversely impacted our operating results in those periods. Our investment funds may be affected by reduced opportunities to exit and realize value from their investments, by lower than expected returns on investments made prior to the deterioration of the credit markets, and by the possibility that we may not be able to find suitable investments for the funds to effectively deploy capital.