We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Additionally, we collect and store data that is sensitive to Caterpillar. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data, in a secure manner, are critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats—from user error to cybersecurity attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks, and data—are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced threats. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks that have resulted in unauthorized parties gaining access to our information technology systems and networks, and we could in the future experience similar attacks. However, to date, no cybersecurity attack has had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. While we actively manage information technology security risks within our control, there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to mitigate all potential risks to our systems, networks, and data. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development, and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. We are also in the process of implementing a new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system in many of our businesses to increase efficiency and harmonize our operations. There can be no assurance that this ERP system, these initiatives, or others will continue to be beneficial to the extent anticipated, or that the estimated efficiency improvements, incremental cost savings, or cash flow improvements will be realized as anticipated or at all. If our new ERP system is not implemented successfully, it could have an adverse effect on our operations and competitive position. We formed the Caterpillar Enterprise System Group in 2013 to implement sustained improvements in our operational efficiency and order-to-delivery processes so that our lead time is better aligned with customer requirements, as well as to reduce waste, further enhance quality, and maximize value for our customers. Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including war, terrorist acts, fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, and other forms of severe weather in the United States or in other countries in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Natural disasters, pandemic illness, equipment failures, power outages, or other unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of component products from some local and international suppliers, disruption in the transport of our products to dealers and end-users, and delay in the delivery of our products to our distribution centers. Existing insurance arrangements may not provide protection for all of the costs that may arise from such events.