Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, including the failure to respond quickly to technological developments or customers' increasing technological requirements, which could make our products uncompetitive and obsolete. The ability to design systems on chips (SoCs) increases the complexity of managing designs, requiring simultaneous design of integrated circuits and related software. The adoption of cloud computing technologies introduces new business models for software categories, including electronic design automation (EDA), and if we are unable to respond quickly and successfully to these trends, we may lose our competitive position. To compete successfully, we must develop, acquire, or license new products and improve our existing products and processes on a schedule that keeps pace with technological developments. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions, and enhance and maintain our current products. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards, and meet increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality, and predictability requirements. We continue to focus on executing our system design enablement strategy to deliver the technologies necessary for integrated system and SoC design. We have made significant investments to expand our intellectual property offerings through research and development and acquisitions, which are essential for maintaining our competitive position. Our business serves customers driven by end-user demand for electronics systems, integrated circuits, and devices that are smaller, use less power, and provide more functionality. The challenges of advanced node design lead some customers to work with more mature, less risky manufacturing processes, potentially reducing their need to upgrade or enhance their EDA products. The competition in our industries is substantial, and we may not be able to continue to successfully compete. Factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include the development by others of competitive EDA products or platforms, aggressive pricing competition, and the challenges of developing technology solutions that meet the rapidly evolving requirements of next-generation design challenges. Our reliance on sole suppliers for certain hardware components could result in product delivery problems and delays, adversely affecting our ability to grow our business. The timing of our revenue recognition may be deferred until payments become due and payable from customers with nonlinear payment terms or as cash is collected from customers with low credit ratings. We depend on our management team and key employees, and our failure to attract, train, motivate, and retain them may make us less competitive. Our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world, and activities that interfere with our international connectivity could significantly interfere with our business operations. Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information, and breaches of our security measures could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, litigation, and potential liability. We have experienced varied operating results, and our operating results for any particular fiscal period are affected by the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our emulation hardware and intellectual property products. The competition in our industries can put pressure on us to reduce the prices of our software, emulation hardware, and intellectual property, which could adversely affect our operating results.