We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and has become more so in recent years. We expect to continue to grow revenues by increasing the number of products in our current customer homes and obtaining new customers with an improved value offering. In addition, we expect to increase revenues by expanding the sales of services to our commercial customers. Our business plans include goals for increasing customers and revenue. To reach our goals, we have actively invested in our network and operations and have improved the quality and value of the products and packages that we offer. We have enhanced our video product by moving to an all-digital platform, offering more HD channels and increasing digital and HD-DVR penetration. We simplified our offers and pricing and improved our packaging of products to bring more value to new and existing customers. We expect our capital expenditures to remain elevated as we strive to increase digital and HD-DVR penetration and place higher levels of customer premise equipment per transaction. Our ability to service our debt and to fund our planned capital expenditures and ongoing operations will depend on our ability to continue to generate cash flow and our access to additional liquidity sources. Our ability to continue to generate cash flow is dependent on many factors, including our ability to sustain and grow revenues and cash flow from operations by offering video, internet, voice, advertising, and other services to residential and commercial customers, to adequately meet the customer experience demands in our markets and to maintain and grow our customer base, particularly in the face of increasingly aggressive competition, the need for innovation, and the related capital expenditures. We depend on generating sufficient cash flow to fund our debt obligations, capital expenditures, and ongoing operations. Our ability to meet our expense and debt service obligations contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, and other factors, including potential changes in customer preferences, the success of product and marketing innovation, and pressure from competitors. We expect advances in communications technology, as well as changes in the marketplace and the regulatory and legislative environment. Consequently, we are unable to predict the effect that ongoing or future developments in these areas might have on our voice and commercial businesses and operations. Our business is characterized by rapid technological change and the introduction of new products and services, some of which are bandwidth-intensive. We may not be able to fund the capital expenditures necessary to keep pace with technological developments, execute the plans to do so, or anticipate the demand of our customers for products and services requiring new technology or bandwidth. Our inability to maintain and expand our upgraded systems and provide advanced services such as a state-of-the-art user interface in a timely manner, or to anticipate the demands of the marketplace, could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. We depend on third-party service providers, suppliers, and licensors; thus, if we are unable to procure the necessary services, equipment, software, or licenses on reasonable terms and on a timely basis, our ability to offer services could be impaired, and our growth, operations, business, financial results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.