Our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems. Our business is highly dependent on maintaining both effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our customers and health care professionals and to operate our business. If our data were found to be inaccurate or unreliable due to fraud or other error, or if we or the third-party service providers were to fail to maintain information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience operational disruptions that may impact our customers and health care professionals and hinder our ability to establish appropriate pricing for products and services, retain and attract customers, establish reserves and report financial results timely and accurately and maintain regulatory compliance, among other things. Our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success. Increasing regulatory and legislative mandated changes will place additional demands on our information technology infrastructure that could have a direct impact on available resources for projects more directly tied to strategic initiatives. We must continue to invest in long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations, enhance the customer experience, act as a differentiator in the market and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats. Our success is dependent, in large part, on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continuing to deliver and enhance technology systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient and resource-efficient manner. We also must develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards and customer needs. Failure to do so may impede our ability to deliver services at a competitive cost. Furthermore, because system development projects are long-term in nature, they may be more costly than expected to complete and may not deliver the expected benefits upon completion. In addition, our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, necessary business functions, such as claims processing and payment, internet support and customer call centers, and processing new and renewal business. Unavailability, cyber-attack or other failure of one or more of our information technology or other systems could cause slower response times, resulting in claims not being processed as quickly as clients or customers desire, decreased levels of client or customer service and satisfaction, and harm to our reputation. Our business depends on our clients' and customers' willingness to entrust us with their health-related and other sensitive personal information. Computer systems may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, computer viruses, programming errors, attacks by third parties or similar disruptive problems. As we increase the amount of personal information that we store and share digitally, our exposure to these data security and related cybersecurity risks increases, including the risk of undetected attacks, damage, loss or unauthorized disclosure or access, and the cost of attempting to protect against these risks also increases. We have implemented security technologies, processes and procedures to protect consumer identity; however, there are no assurances that such measures will be effective against all types of breaches. Events that negatively affect that trust, including failing to keep our information technology systems and our clients' and customers' sensitive information secure from attack, damage, loss or unauthorized disclosure or access, whether as a result of our action or inaction or that of our business associates or vendors, could adversely affect our reputation, membership and revenues and also expose us to mandatory disclosure to the media, litigation and other enforcement proceedings, material fines, penalties and/or remediation costs, and compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages, consent orders and other adverse actions, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.