We rely extensively on information technology systems, including some which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties and their vendors, in order to conduct our business. Our uses of these systems include, but are not limited to: communicating within the company and with other parties, processing transactions, including but not limited to employee payroll and employee benefits, complying with legal, regulatory or tax requirements, and providing data security. Although we have network security measures in place, our information technology systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, phishing and other cyber-attacks. If we suffer a loss or disclosure of confidential business or stakeholder information as a result of a breach of our information technology systems, including those of third-party service providers with whom we have contracted, we may suffer reputational, competitive, and/or business harm, incur significant costs and be subject to government investigations, civil litigation, fines and/or damages. Furthermore, while we have disaster recovery and business continuity plans in place, if the systems are damaged or cease to function properly for any reason, including the poor performance, failure or cyber-attack of third-party service providers, catastrophic events, power outages, cyber-security breaches, network outages, failed upgrades or other similar events, and if the disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve such issues on a timely basis, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage or conduct business as well as reputational harm and litigation. The successful implementation of the remainder of the 2012 restructuring program presents significant organizational challenges and in many cases requires successful negotiations with third parties, including labor organizations, suppliers and other business partners. The initiatives under the 2012 restructuring program continue to be focused on optimizing global supply chain and facilities, expanding commercial hubs, and extending shared business services and streamlining global functions. The company seeks to capture significant opportunities for growth by identifying and meeting consumer needs within its core categories, through its focus on innovation and the deployment of valuable consumer and shopper insights in the development of successful new products regionally, which are then rolled out on a global basis. The company continues to prioritize its investments toward its higher margin businesses, specifically oral care, personal care and pet nutrition. Our ability to compete also depends on the strength of our brands and on our ability to defend our patent, trademark and trade dress rights against legal challenges brought by competitors. We face significant competition in our industry, which could adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and abroad, which apply to most aspects of our products, including their development, ingredients, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, transportation, distribution, export, import, advertising and sale. The company’s treasury and risk management policies prohibit the use of derivatives for speculative purposes and leveraged derivatives for any purpose. The company is exposed to market risk from foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity price fluctuations, and volatility relating to these exposures is managed on a global basis by utilizing a number of techniques, including working capital management, selling price increases, selective borrowings in local currencies and entering into selective derivative instrument transactions. The company believes it is well prepared to meet the challenges ahead due to its strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments and continued focus on the company's strategic initiatives.