Our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments, and technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and influencing consumer behavior. We depend on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. We continue to develop and launch new technology initiatives, such as our x1 platform and cloud dvr technology, and deploy wireless gateway devices. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to effectively execute on our technology initiatives, and we expect to continue to invest in the deployment of our x1 platform and cloud dvr technology, as well as the expansion of business services and our home security and automation services. Our cable communications segment also seeks to leverage our cable services network by expanding and enhancing our business services to medium-sized businesses. The ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including customers, consumers, advertisers, investors, and governmental authorities. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from subscriptions to our cable services, which we market individually and in bundled service packages, and from the sale of advertising. We anticipate that our programming expenses will continue to increase as we provide additional content, including in hd, to our video customers; as we deliver this content through an increasing number of platforms, including on demand, online and through our mobile apps; and as the fees we pay increase, primarily retransmission consent fees and sports programming costs. Our cable networks segment generates revenue primarily from the distribution of our cable network programming to multichannel video providers and from the sale of advertising on our cable networks. We also generate revenue from the licensing of our owned programming through distribution to subscription video on demand services and various other distribution platforms. The success of any ongoing and future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, business, and results of operations. Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments, and we may incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives. Network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service operations, and programming delivery, are critical to our business activities. We rely on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software, and operational support necessary to provide certain of our services. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content on our cable networks and broadcast television networks, in our films, and for theme park attractions. Our ability to continue to provide services and maintain our competitive position depends on our effective management of these technologies and the associated risks, including potential disruptions or security breaches.