Our business is subject to the impact of domestic and international market, economic and political conditions which are beyond our control and which could significantly reduce our contract volumes and make our financial results more volatile. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement and maintain the electronic trading systems that have the functionality, performance, reliability and speed required by our customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platform to remain competitive. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business for our futures and options on futures business. We face intense competition from other companies, including some of our members, and if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. We believe portions of Dodd-Frank and the corresponding regulations with respect to mandatory clearing and organized trading provide opportunities for our business. However, other portions of Dodd-Frank and the regulatory structure being implemented could negatively impact our business and our ability to compete effectively. Our clearing houses seek to offer customers, intermediaries and clearing firms universal access in order to maximize the efficient use of capital, exercise appropriate oversight of value at risk and maintain operating leverage from clearing activities. We are heavily dependent on the capacity, reliability and security of the computer and communications systems and software supporting our operations. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, may fail or operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times, delays in our customers' trade execution, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades, financial losses, security breaches, litigation or other customer claims, loss of customers, and regulatory sanctions. We cannot assure you that we will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failure, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, acts of vandalism or similar occurrences. We are also subject to significant litigation risk and potential commodity and securities law liability. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cybersecurity risks. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our networks and those of our third-party service providers and our customers may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, fraud, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, terrorism, firewall or encryption failures and other security problems. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional costs to comply with the extensive regulations that apply to our business. Our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, review and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. Our technology support services costs are driven by system capacity, functionality and redundancy requirements. We must continue to upgrade, expand and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and we execute our business strategy. Our goal is to design our systems to handle two times our peak historical transactions in our highest volume products. We will need to continue to make significant investments in additional hardware and software to accommodate the increases in volume of transactions and order transaction traffic and to provide processing services to third parties. If we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions and to execute our business strategy, our ability to maintain or expand our businesses would be adversely affected.