We are exposed to, and may be adversely affected by, information technology security threats and sophisticated "cyber attacks." We rely on our information technology systems and networks in connection with various of our business activities. Some of these networks and systems are managed by third party service providers and are not under our direct control. Our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. Information technology security threats, including security breaches, computer malware and other "cyber attacks" are increasing in both frequency and sophistication. These threats could create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. We continuously seek to maintain a robust program of information security and controls, but the impact of a material information technology event could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. The financial performance of our business depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our sales may also be impacted by OEM inventory levels and production schedules and stoppages. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results. We face significant competition in the markets we serve. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Our products primarily compete on the basis of price, performance, fuel economy, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. We also face competitors in some emerging markets who have established local practices and long-standing relationships with participants in these markets. Increasing global competition among our customers may affect our existing customer relationships and restrict our ability to benefit from some of our customers' growth. As our customers in emerging markets continue to grow in size and scope, they are increasingly seeking to export their products to other countries. This has meant greater demand for our advanced engine technologies to help these customers meet the more stringent emissions requirements of developed markets, as well as greater demand for access to our distribution systems for purposes of equipment servicing. Our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our position in the engine markets we serve. The successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to risks such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. Our operations are affected by currency, political, economic and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards in the countries we serve. We continuously seek to maintain a robust program of information security and controls, but the impact of a material information technology event could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.