Our ability to grow and compete is dependent on our ability to build or acquire necessary operational, technological and organizational infrastructure. We are embedding technology, data, and software development deeply into our business model and how we work. We are focused on building reusable plug-and-play middleware, developing and designing modern software, integrating our platforms and making them scalable, and building a powerful and flexible data infrastructure. Our businesses are dependent on our ability to process, record and monitor a large number of complex transactions. If any of our financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, we could be materially adversely affected. We are heavily dependent on the strength and capability of our technology systems which we use to manage our internal financial and other systems, interface with our customers and develop and implement effective marketing campaigns. Our ability to develop and deliver new products that meet the needs of our existing customers and attract new ones and to run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations depends on the functionality and reliability of our operational and technology systems. Any disruptions, failures or inaccuracies of our operational and technology systems and models, including those associated with improvements or modifications to such systems and models, could cause us to be unable to market and manage our products and services, manage our risk or to report our financial results in a timely and accurate manner, all of which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which are necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate acquisitions and establish scalable operations, may increase our expenses. As cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, we may also be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or strengthen our protective security measures, investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities of our information systems and infrastructure or invest in new technology designed to mitigate security risks. Our ability to provide products and services, many of which are web-based, relies upon the management and safeguarding of information, software, methodologies and business secrets. We use information systems and infrastructure that we and third-party service providers operate. We also have arrangements in place with retail partners and other third parties where we share and receive information about their customers who are or may become our customers. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks. Our businesses rely on our digital technologies, computer and email systems, software and networks to conduct their operations. Our ability to attract and retain strong digital and technology leaders, engineers and other talent is critical, and competition for such talent is intense. If we are unable to attract and retain digital and technology talent, our ability to offer digital products and services and build the necessary technology infrastructure could be negatively affected. The development and launch of new digital products and services depends in large part on our capacity to invest in and build the technology platforms that can enable them. Our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using digital technology to provide products and services that efficiently meet their expectations in a cost-effective manner.