Our technologies, systems and networks may be subject to cybersecurity breaches. Although we have experienced occasional, actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, none of these breaches has had a material effect on our business, operations or reputation. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove to be insufficient, we could be adversely affected by having our business systems compromised, our proprietary information altered, lost or stolen, or our business operations disrupted. As cyber attacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information systems and related infrastructure security vulnerabilities. We leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans. Technical strength is part of our heritage, and we are evolving our technical approach to optimally apply best practices. In 2014 we tested new technology as a means to provide remote monitoring capability, as well as new methods that could increase production and reduce water usage and emissions from assets, such as the oil sands and unconventional reservoirs. Companywide, we continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across all of our operations. Such innovations enable us to economically convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater operating efficiencies and reduce our environmental impact. We focus on enhancing our capability to operate in emerging and new country business units. Our diverse portfolio primarily includes resource-rich North American shale and oil sands assets; lower-risk legacy assets in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia; several major international developments; and a growing inventory of global conventional and unconventional exploration prospects. Our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk. We conduct many of our operations through joint ventures in which we may share control with our joint venture partners. There is a risk our joint venture participants may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of the joint venture or us, or our joint venture partners may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations and we may be required to fulfill those obligations alone. We maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from operating risks. As such, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to fully cover us against potential losses arising from such risks. The scope and nature of our operations present a variety of significant hazards and risks, including operational hazards and risks such as explosions, fires, crude oil spills, severe weather, geological events, labor disputes, civil unrest or cyber attacks. Our operations may be adversely affected by unavailability, interruptions or accidents involving services or infrastructure required to develop, produce, process or transport our production, such as contract labor, drilling rigs, pipelines, railcars, tankers, barges or other infrastructure. We strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business growth. Our sustainability efforts in 2014 focused on updating action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water and human rights, as well as revamping public reporting to be more informative, searchable and responsive to common questions. We have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements. Our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change.