Our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; to receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; to account for other product and service transactions with customers; to manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and to process payments to suppliers. The risks associated with our sophisticated information systems may adversely affect our business and results of operations. A failure in or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third-party service providers, as a result of cyber attacks or information security breaches could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information or personal data, damage our reputation, increase our costs and/or cause losses. Cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. Although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. We have outsourced to IBM Global Services a significant portion of our corporate and ABDC information technology activities. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2014 included infrastructure and technology-related costs to on-board the incremental Walgreens distribution volume, costs associated with building our new national distribution center, and other technology initiatives, including costs related to the further development of our enterprise resource planning system. Our use of the term "specialty" and "specialty pharmaceutical products" refers to drugs used to treat complex diseases, such as cancer, diabetes, and multiple sclerosis. Specialty pharmaceutical products are part of complex treatment regimens for serious conditions and diseases that generally require ongoing clinical monitoring. We believe the terms "specialty" and "specialty pharmaceutical products" are used consistently by industry participants and our competitors. We expect continued government and private payor pressure to reduce pharmaceutical pricing. Changes in pharmaceutical manufacturers' pricing or distribution policies could also significantly reduce our profitability. Our operations and performance depend on economic conditions in the United States and other countries where we do business. Deterioration in general economic conditions could adversely affect the amount of prescriptions that are filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers and, therefore, reduce purchases by our customers. The anticipated strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with Walgreens may not be realized. The processes and initiatives needed to achieve these potential benefits are complex, costly and time-consuming. Many of the anticipated benefits and expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately at the present time. Achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangement is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations, processes or initiatives, or the inability to realize and/or delays in realizing potential benefits, including improved generic drug pricing and terms, improved service fees from generic manufacturers, cost savings, innovations, or other benefits resulting from participation in Walgreens Boots Alliance Development GmbH, a global sourcing joint venture between Walgreens and Alliance Boots, due to the inability of the joint venture to negotiate successfully with generic manufacturers or otherwise to perform as expected.