The company relies on the stability and availability of its technology systems to operate its business. The performance and reliability of the company's technology systems are critical to its ability to operate and compete safely and effectively. A cybersecurity attack, which is a deliberate theft of data or impairment of information technology systems, or other significant disruption or failure, could result in a service interruption, train accident, misappropriation of confidential information, process failure, security breach or other operational difficulties. Such an event could result in increased capital, insurance or operating costs, including increased security costs to protect the company's infrastructure. A disruption or compromise of the company's information technology systems, even for short periods of time, could have a material adverse effect on the company. The company continues to identify the most efficient, cost-effective routes for CSXT customers' traffic while providing timely service with the fewest handlings and car miles possible. Through the service excellence initiative, CSX is building a culture that engages all employees and focuses on the value delivered to customers through improved service. This initiative increases employee communication and dialogue to help identify and resolve customer issues at the lowest level, improving the customer experience and allowing CSX to grow the business. Higher levels of customer service and satisfaction support CSX's ability to profitably grow the business by increasing customer retention, price sustainability and asset utilization. The company is implementing total service integration to align operating capabilities with customers' needs to reduce loading and unloading times and create more capacity. New tools and technology are allowing the company to more effectively communicate with customers, not only providing the service the company has promised to deliver but proactively notifying the customer of service status. Enterprise asset management focuses on improving the utilization of the company's most critical assets, namely, crews, locomotives, cars and track infrastructure. Projects are currently in place to deploy technology, improve processes and reduce unproductive time. By improving asset utilization, CSX expects to sustain long-term operating efficiencies and reduce future capital expenditures associated with asset replacement. The company has invested in new operating capacity, such as railcars and terminals, to accommodate growth in new energy markets. This includes the opportunity to move the growing supply of crude oil from domestic oil fields to customers at eastern refineries. The ongoing surge in shale drilling for the extraction of oil and natural gas has created the opportunity for CSX to serve new energy markets such as crude oil, liquefied petroleum gases, frac sand and other related materials. The company is well-positioned to participate in the growing chemical business over the next several years, capitalizing on the improved energy supply outlook for the U.S. This increased competitiveness is sparking significant investment in new U.S. chemical industry capacity. CSX's network not only provides access to many frac sand transload terminals located near the drilling activity but also offers the advantage of CSX-direct routes from several key sand producing regions to the frac sand terminals. The company continues to explore other opportunities to partner with the public sector to maximize the many public benefits of freight rail.