Cintas relies extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information, and manage its businesses. Disruptions in the availability of computer systems, or privacy breaches involving computer systems, could impact the ability to service customers and adversely affect sales, results of operations, and reputation, exposing the company to litigation risk. The company has an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested; however, its computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to system conversions, power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events, and usage errors by employees. Although appropriate measures have been adopted to mitigate potential risks to technology and operations from these disruptions, the unpredictability of such events could lead to production downtimes, operational delays, and interruptions in the ability to provide products and services to customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of computer systems could adversely affect sales and may require significant investment to fix or replace them, impacting consolidated results of operations. Cybersecurity attacks are evolving and include malicious software and unauthorized access attempts, which could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and corruption of data. If the network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, and monitoring systems to address these threats fails, compromising confidential company, customer, or employee information could result in financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business, potential liability, and damage to reputation. Effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable financial reports, and all internal control systems have inherent limitations. Therefore, even effective systems can provide only reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and presentation of consolidated financial statements. If the adequacy of internal controls is not maintained or if material weaknesses are discovered, the company may be unable to ensure effective internal control over financial reporting, which could adversely affect investor confidence in reported financial information and materially impact stock price. The company assesses its goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment, which may include an assessment of qualitative factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, and entity-specific factors. The company recognizes that its IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources, such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and human resources, to further organizational goals. The integration of acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and require a disproportionate amount of management's attention and resources. The failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses could adversely affect consolidated results of operations. The company’s ability to effectively manage its IT resources and capabilities is critical to its operational efficiency and overall business strategy.