Many aspects of our operations are dependent on our information systems and the information collected, processed, stored, and handled by these systems. We rely heavily on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, claims processing, extracare customer loyalty program, finance, human resource and other processes. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches including credit card information breaches, vandalism, catastrophic events and human error. Although we deploy a layered approach to address information security threats and vulnerabilities, including ones from a cybersecurity standpoint, designed to protect confidential information against data security breaches, a compromise of our information security controls could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers and clients. If our information systems are damaged, fail to work properly or otherwise become unavailable, or if we are unable to successfully complete our planned consolidation of our pbm claims adjudication platforms, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience reputational damage, loss of critical information, customer disruption and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform essential functions and implement new and innovative services. Compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in considerable expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. Our competitive success is impacted by the ability of our retail pharmacy business to establish and maintain contractual relationships with pbms and other payors on acceptable terms and by the ability of our pharmacy services business to establish and maintain contractual relationships with network pharmacies. The reputational impact of a service-related incident could negatively affect our ability to grow and retain our client base. The pbm industry has been impacted by consolidation activity that may continue in the future. Our business is affected by the economy in general, including changes in consumer purchasing power, preferences and/or spending patterns. The possibility of pbm client loss and/or the failure to win new pbm business could result in an adverse effect on our profitability. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be materially adversely affected by competitive pressures in the pbm industry and increased client demands for lower prices, enhanced service offerings and/or higher service levels. The continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, pbm companies, government entities, and other third party payors to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates may impact our profitability. The failure or disruption of our information technology systems and our information security systems and our infrastructure to support our business and to protect the privacy and security of sensitive customer and business information could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations. We are required to hold valid registrations and licenses, meet various security and operating standards and comply with the controlled substances act and its accompanying regulations governing the sale, marketing, packaging, holding and distribution of controlled substances. Changes in these regulations may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement. Our business interests outside of the United States are subject to the foreign corrupt practices act and other applicable domestic and international laws and regulations. The regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the laws and regulations affecting the collection, use, disclosure and transmission of health or other personal information.