Chevron utilizes comprehensive risk management systems to assess potential physical and other risks to its assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability and/or disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, behaviors and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company's operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight. In certain situations where Chevron is not the operator, the company may have limited influence and control over third parties, which may limit its ability to manage and control such risks. The company produces, transports, refines and markets materials with potential toxicity, and it purchases, handles and disposes of other potentially toxic materials in the course of its business. Chevron's operations also produce byproducts, which may be considered pollutants. The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure. The company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from significant incidents or unforeseen liabilities. Political instability and significant changes in the regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business. The company's operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which it operates. Actions could be taken by governments to increase public ownership of the company's partially or wholly owned businesses or to impose additional taxes or royalties. In certain locations, governments have proposed or imposed restrictions on the company's operations, export and exchange controls, burdensome taxes, and public disclosure requirements that might harm the company's competitiveness or relations with other governments or third parties. Continued political attention to issues concerning climate change and potential mitigation through regulation could have a material impact on the company's operations and financial results. International agreements and national or regional legislation and regulatory measures to limit greenhouse emissions are currently in various stages of discussion or implementation. These laws, policies and regulations may result in substantial capital, compliance, operating and maintenance costs. The effect of regulation on the company's financial performance will depend on various factors including, among others, the sectors covered and the extent to which Chevron would be entitled to receive emission allowance allocations or would need to purchase compliance instruments. Material price increases or incentives to conserve or use alternative energy sources could reduce demand for products the company currently sells and adversely affect the company's sales volumes, revenues and margins. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance in any given period. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans; estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves; and accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves. Changes in estimates or assumptions or the information underlying the assumptions could affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities or expenses.