The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The operation of the companies' facilities and pipelines could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of third parties. The companies' businesses require that they and their vendors collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. A successful cyber attack on the systems that control the companies' electric generation, electric or gas transmission or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the companies' ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. The companies maintain property and casualty insurance that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents; however, other damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing operations and that the business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. The companies' operations are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the companies to monetary penalties. The companies are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if any of the companies is found not to be in compliance, including mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets. The companies' infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval before construction can commence. The companies may not complete facility construction, pipeline, conversion or other infrastructure projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated, and they may not be able to achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed. The advancement of the companies' ventures is also affected by the activities of stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose natural gas-related and energy infrastructure projects. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving demand for electricity and gas and related services. Technological advances required by federal laws mandate new levels of energy efficiency in end-use devices, including lighting, furnaces and electric heat pumps and could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. Additionally, certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by a fixed date. The companies' inability to retain and attract key executive officers and other skilled professional and technical employees could have an adverse effect on the companies' operations. The companies' business strategy is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. The companies' key executive officers are the CEO, CFO and presidents and those responsible for financial, operational, legal, regulatory and accounting functions. Competition for skilled management employees in these areas of the companies' business operations is high. The companies' reliance on access to short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as significant sources of funding and liquidity for business plans with increasing capital expenditure needs, normal working capital and collateral requirements related to hedges of future sales and purchases of energy-related commodities is critical.