Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We seek to maintain diversified funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations. We expect to continue to invest in initiatives to remain competitive in the consumer financial services industry, including the launch of new cards and features, brand awareness initiatives, targeted marketing, online and mobile enhancements, customer service improvements, credit risk management, operations enhancements, and infrastructure efficiencies. Our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems. We depend on third-party service providers for software and systems development, timely transmission of information across our data transportation network, and other technology-related services. If a service provider fails to meet contractual requirements, the failure could negatively impact our business by hampering our ability to serve our customers or subjecting us to litigation and regulatory risk for poor vendor oversight. Our technologies, systems, networks, and software have been and are likely to continue to be the target of increasingly frequent cyber-attacks, which could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss, or destruction of data. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems through information security and business continuity programs, we may not be able to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches. We must effectively manage the liquidity risk to which we are exposed and maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy approved by the board of directors. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established processes intended to identify, measure, monitor, and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk. The models we use to manage and inform decision-making with respect to customers and for the measurement of risk are designed to identify, measure, and mitigate risks at various levels. If the models that we use to mitigate risks are inadequate, we may incur increased losses. Our business depends upon relationships with issuers, merchant acquirers, and licensees, which are generally financial institutions. The economic and regulatory environment and increased consolidation in the financial services industry decrease our opportunities for new business and may result in the termination of existing business relationships. We face competition in the credit card market from other consumer financial services providers, and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in fewer customers and lower account balances. The competitive marketplace, combined with slow economic growth, could result in our inability to grow loans, resulting in reduced revenue from our core direct banking business. We expect regulators to continue addressing concerns through formal enforcement actions against financial institutions or non-public supervisory actions or findings. Our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes, competitors' actions, and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, techniques, and models. We continue to expand our marketing of our personal, private student loan, and home loan products, including the launch of a new home equity loan product. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate newly-acquired businesses, and establish scalable operations, increase our expenses.