The duke energy registrants' results of operations may be negatively affected by overall market, economic and other conditions that are beyond their control. The utility industry requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of an interconnected regional grid. Additionally, connectivity to the internet continues to increase through smart grid and other initiatives. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years as a result of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and frequency of cyberattacks and data security breaches. The potential for terrorism has subjected the duke energy registrants' operations to increased risks and could have a material adverse effect on their businesses. In particular, the duke energy registrants may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for their information technology systems, transmission and distribution and generation facilities, including nuclear power plants under the NRC's design basis threat requirements. Cyberattacks and data security breaches could adversely affect the duke energy registrants' businesses, potentially disrupting business operations, damaging property, stealing customer information, and leading to substantial loss of revenues and increased regulation, litigation, and reputational damage. The duke energy registrants face a heightened risk of cyberattack due to the critical nature of the infrastructure and the interconnectedness of their technology systems. The duke energy registrants are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations requiring significant capital expenditures that can increase the cost of operations, which may impact or limit business plans. The duke energy registrants' financial position, results of operations, and cash flows may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or slower growth in the number of customers, or decline in customer demand or number of customers. Changes in regulation can cause delays in or affect business planning and transactions and can substantially increase the duke energy registrants' costs. The duke energy registrants' operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis and can be negatively affected by changes in weather conditions and severe weather. The duke energy registrants depend on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by utilities and other energy companies to deliver electricity sold to the wholesale market. If transmission is disrupted, or if transmission capacity is inadequate, the duke energy registrants' ability to sell and deliver products may be hindered. The duke energy registrants' businesses are financed to a large degree through debt, and access to those markets can be adversely affected by a number of conditions, many of which are beyond the duke energy registrants' control. The duke energy registrants continually monitor derivative positions in relation to market price activity. The availability of credit under duke energy's master credit facility depends upon the ability of the banks providing commitments under the facility to provide funds when their obligations to do so arise. The duke energy registrants are exposed to the effects of market fluctuations in the price of natural gas, coal, fuel oil, nuclear fuel, electricity and other energy-related commodities as a result of their ownership of energy-related assets. The duke energy registrants are also subject to credit risk of their vendors and suppliers in the form of performance risk on contracts including, but not limited to, outsourcing arrangements, major construction projects, and commodity purchases. The duke energy registrants' credit exposure to such vendors and suppliers may take the form of increased costs or project delays in the event of non-performance.