Our results depend upon the continued vitality of the markets we serve: the oil and gas drilling, completion and stimulation, oil and gas production and refinery and petrochemical plant markets served by our global energy segment may be impacted by substantial fluctuations in oil and gas prices. In addition to the energy restructuring plan and combined restructuring plan discussed under note 3, we continue to make investments and execute business initiatives to develop business systems and optimize our business structure as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns. In particular, we continue to invest in our ERP systems to integrate and streamline our processes and to improve our competitiveness. These initiatives involve complex business process design and a breakdown in certain of these processes could result in business disruption. If the projects in which we are investing or the initiatives which we are pursuing are not successfully executed, our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be adversely affected. We rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and random attack. Recent acquisitions have resulted in further decentralization of systems and additional complexity in the system's infrastructure. While we have invested in protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business. Our competitive market is made up of numerous global, national, regional and local competitors. Our ability to compete depends in part upon our ability to maintain a superior technological capability and to continue to identify, develop and commercialize innovative, high value-added products for niche applications. There can be no assurance that we will be able to accomplish this or that technological developments by our competitors will not place certain of our products at a competitive disadvantage in the future. If we fail to introduce new technologies on a timely basis, we may lose market share and our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be adversely affected. Our overall success as a global business depends, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing economic, social, legal and political conditions. We may not continue to succeed in developing and implementing policies and strategies that are effective in each location where we do business, which could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Our business depends on our ability to comply with laws and governmental regulations, and we may be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws and regulations exposes us to potential financial liability and increases our operating costs. Regulation of our products and operations continues to increase with more stringent standards, causing increased costs of operations and potential for liability if a violation occurs. Our significant non-U.S. operations expose us to global economic, political and legal risks that could impact our profitability. We have significant operations outside the United States, including joint ventures and other alliances. There are inherent risks in our international operations, including difficulties in managing international operations and the burden of complying with foreign laws. Our growth depends upon our ability to successfully compete with respect to value, innovation and customer support. Our ability to compete depends in part upon our ability to maintain a superior technological capability and to continue to identify, develop and commercialize innovative, high value-added products for niche applications.