The health care reform law and regulations are likely to have significant effects on our future operations, which, in turn, could impact the value of our business model and results of operations, including potential impairments of our goodwill and other intangible assets. Difficulties and delays with regard to the implementation of provisions of health care reform have increased uncertainties and made our planning relating to health care reform more difficult and unpredictable, which increases the risk that we will experience unanticipated adverse consequences arising out of health care reform. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, evolving industry and regulatory standards, compliance with legal requirements, private insurance exchanges, and changing customer preferences. We continue to implement initiatives for more effective and efficient information technology systems by modernizing interactions with customers, brokers, agents, providers, employees, and other stakeholders through web-enabling technology and redesigning internal operations. Our failure to maintain effective and efficient information systems, or our failure to efficiently and effectively consolidate our information systems to eliminate redundant or obsolete applications, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions, including pharmacy benefit management services. We contract with various third parties to perform certain functions and services and provide us with certain information technology systems. Our failure to meet certain minimum script volume requirements results in financial penalties that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We have built a significant portion of our current business through mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances and we expect to pursue such opportunities in the future. Our technology infrastructure must support our operational needs and the evolving regulatory environment. We face intense competition in many of our markets, and customers and brokers have flexibility in moving between competitors. As a health benefits company, we operate in a highly competitive environment and in an industry that is currently subject to significant changes from legislative reform, business consolidations, new strategic alliances, and aggressive marketing practices by other health benefits organizations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully on public exchanges or that we will be able to benefit from any opportunities presented by such exchanges. Our inability to contain health care costs, implement increases in premium rates on a timely basis, maintain adequate reserves for policy benefits, or maintain our current provider agreements may adversely affect our business and profitability. Our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting health care costs and on our ability to manage future health care costs through underwriting criteria, medical management, product design, and negotiation of favorable provider contracts. The failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems could adversely affect our business. We are subject to various federal, state, and international laws and rules regarding the use and disclosure of sensitive or confidential member and provider information, including HIPAA, the HITECH Act, and numerous state laws governing personal information. Cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, and unauthorized access remain a priority for us.