The company utilizes a variety of information technology systems to manage and operate its businesses. Despite the implementation of extensive security measures, the company's information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, cyber attacks, and other events. Although considered unlikely, it is possible a security breach could result in theft of trade secrets or other intellectual property or disclosure of confidential customer, supplier, or employee information. Should the company be unable to prevent security breaches, disruptions could have an adverse effect on operations, as well as expose the company to litigation, increased cybersecurity protection costs, and reputational damage. Competitive pressures could adversely affect prices or customer demand for products, impacting sales or profit margins, and/or resulting in a loss of market share. A significant element of the competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. The success of new and improved products and services depends on their initial and continued acceptance by customers, which is influenced by varying degrees of technological change and corresponding shifts in customer demand. The company may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production, and/or marketing of new products and services, which may negatively impact operating results and prevent recouping or realizing a return on investments required to bring new products and services to market. The ability to invest in businesses, make strategic acquisitions, and refinance maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. Volatility in the capital markets may increase costs associated with issuing commercial paper or other debt instruments or affect the company's ability to access those markets. If the company is unable to continue to access the capital markets, it could experience a material adverse effect on business and financial results. The company engages in acquisitions and may encounter difficulties in integrating these businesses, which could affect the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. The success of these transactions will depend on the ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired and to cooperate with strategic partners. Security breaches or disruptions of information technology systems could adversely affect business. The company's intellectual property rights are important to its business and may be subject to challenge, infringement, invalidation, or circumvention by third parties. Despite extensive security measures, intellectual property may be subject to misappropriation through unauthorized access of information technology systems, employee theft, or other acts of industrial espionage. The company is subject to litigation and environmental regulations that could adversely impact operating results. Access to funding through capital markets is essential to the execution of the business plan, and if the company is unable to maintain such access, it could experience a material adverse effect on business and financial results.