We are currently making significant investments in our back office information technology systems, including those surrounding the customer experience from initial quote to customer billing, and upgrading our worldwide financial application suite. Difficulties, distractions or disruptions to these efforts may interrupt our normal operations and adversely affect our business and operating results. Commencing in 2012, we began a significant project to overhaul our back office systems that support the customer experience from initial quote to customer billing and our revenue recognition process. Additionally, commencing in 2013, we began to devote significant resources to the upgrade of our worldwide financial application suite from Oracle's version 11i to R12. Both projects have continued into 2015. Oracle has already begun to discontinue its support for our current business application suite. While the Oracle financial application suite implementation was largely completed in July 2014 and the initial implementation of the systems to support our billing and revenue process was completed in August 2014, substantial work continues on our back office systems. As a result of that discontinued support and our continued work on these projects, we may experience difficulties with our systems, management distraction and significant business disruptions. Difficulties with our systems may interrupt our ability to accept and deliver customer orders and may adversely impact our overall financial operations, including our accounts payable, accounts receivables, general ledger, close processes, internal financial controls and our ability to otherwise run and track our business. We may need to expend significant attention, time and resources to correct problems or find alternative sources for performing these functions. All of these changes to our financial systems create an increased risk of deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting until such systems are stabilized. Such significant investments in our back office systems may take longer to complete and cost more than originally planned. In addition, we may not realize the full benefits we hoped to achieve and there is a risk of an impairment charge if we decide that portions of these projects will not ultimately benefit the company or are de-scoped. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions. We must safehouse our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our IBX data centers. If such landlord has not maintained a leased property sufficiently, we may be forced into an early exit from the center which could be disruptive to our business. Furthermore, we continue to acquire IBX data centers not built by us. If we discover that these IBX data centers and their infrastructure assets are not in the condition we expected when they were acquired, we may be required to incur substantial additional costs to repair or upgrade the centers. The offerings we provide in each of our IBX data centers are subject to failure resulting from numerous factors, including human error, physical, electronic and cybersecurity breaches, and failure of business partners who provide our resale products. Problems at one or more of our IBX data centers, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or significant equipment damage. We cannot guarantee that a court would enforce any contractual limitations on our liability in the event that one of our customers brings a lawsuit against us as a result of a problem at one of our IBX data centers. In addition, any loss of service, equipment damage or inability to meet our service level commitment obligations could reduce the confidence of our customers and could consequently impair our ability to obtain and retain customers, which would adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our operating results. We are dependent upon internet service providers, telecommunications carriers and other website operators in the Americas, Asia-Pacific and EMEA regions and elsewhere, some of which have experienced significant system failures and electrical outages in the past. If, for any reason, these providers fail to provide the required services, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted.