We face intense competition, and if we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed. Our ability to compete will depend in large part on our ability to develop and acquire new products and technologies, anticipate technology advances, and keep pace with other developers of cardiovascular therapies and technologies. Our sales, technical, and other key personnel play an integral role in the development, marketing, and selling of new and existing products. Our competitive position can also be adversely affected by product problems, physician advisories, and safety alerts, reflecting the importance of quality in the medical device industry. The health care industry has been consolidating, and organizations such as GPOs, independent delivery networks, and large single accounts continue to consolidate purchasing decisions for many of our health care provider customers. As a result, transactions with customers are larger, more complex, and tend to involve more long-term contracts. The purchasing power of these larger customers has increased, causing downward pressure on product pricing. If we are not one of the providers selected by these organizations, we may be precluded from making sales to its members or participants. Our success and competitive position are dependent in part upon our proprietary intellectual property. We rely on a combination of patents and trade secrets to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our intellectual property, other proprietary technology, and other sensitive company information is potentially vulnerable to loss, damage, or misappropriation from system malfunction, computer viruses, unauthorized access to our data, or misuse of IT by those with permitted access. While we have invested to protect our intellectual property and other information, there can be no assurance that our precautionary measures will prevent breakdowns, breaches, cyber-attacks, or other events. We spend significant resources to enforce our intellectual property rights, sometimes resulting in litigation. However, our efforts in this regard may not be successful. The medical devices we manufacture and market are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and numerous other governmental authorities. We are required to register with the FDA as a device manufacturer and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with the FDA's quality system regulation requirements. If we or our suppliers fail to adhere to these requirements, this could delay or interrupt product production or sales and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property. To strengthen our leadership and enable future growth opportunities, we invested 14.9% of our net sales in research and development. We believe our focus on innovation and a robust product pipeline will continue to help us compete more effectively, sustain our successes, and build long-term value for our shareholders. We are dedicated to generating robust clinical and economic evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the new healthcare environment, with the goal of enhancing the value of delivering comprehensive care. Our competitive position can shift as a result of various factors, including the need for operational flexibility and the ability to respond to market dynamics. The introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of healthcare expenditures by both private health insurers and employers, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges for services performed.