We are heavily dependent on our information systems and computer-based programs, including our well operations information, seismic data, electronic data processing, and accounting data. If any of such programs or systems were to fail or create erroneous information in our hardware or software network infrastructure, possible consequences include our loss of communication links, inability to find, produce, process, and sell oil and natural gas, and inability to automatically process commercial transactions or engage in similar automated or computerized business activities. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success depends on finding, developing, or acquiring additional reserves, and our future success depends upon our ability to find, develop, or acquire additional oil and natural gas reserves that are economically recoverable. Our development and exploration operations require substantial capital, and we may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms or at all, which could lead to a loss of properties and a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves. The oil and natural gas industry is capital-intensive, and we make and expect to continue to make substantial capital expenditures in our business and operations for the exploration for and development, production, and acquisition of oil and natural gas reserves. Our cash flow from operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including our ability to acquire, locate, and produce new reserves and our ability to borrow under our credit facility. We cannot assure you that our operations and other capital resources will provide cash in sufficient amounts to maintain planned or future levels of capital expenditures. Our ability to complete acquisitions is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and, in some cases, regulatory approvals. The successful acquisition of producing properties requires an assessment of several factors, including potential environmental and other liabilities. The accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain, and we may not be able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. Even if we do identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to complete the acquisition or do so on commercially acceptable terms. Our ability to manage the integration of acquisitions, including our recently completed and pending acquisitions, could reduce our focus on subsequent acquisitions and current operations, which could negatively impact our earnings and growth. We are subject to various federal, state, and local governmental regulations that may be changed from time to time in response to economic and political conditions. These laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, and have tended to become increasingly stringent over time. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil, or criminal penalties, permit revocations, requirements for additional pollution controls, and injunctions limiting or prohibiting some or all of our operations. The trend of more expansive and stricter environmental legislation and regulations will continue. We may incur significant delays, costs, and liabilities as a result of environmental, health, and safety requirements applicable to our business activities. Our operations are substantially dependent on the availability of water, and restrictions on our ability to obtain water may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The oil and natural gas industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological advancements and introductions of new products and services using new technologies. As others use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or may be forced by competitive pressures to implement those new technologies at substantial costs.