We continue to expand the pursuit of our decision management strategy, which is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple products to clients and developing custom client solutions. Our growth and the success of our decision management strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products or suites of products. Significant undetected errors or delays in new products may affect market acceptance and could harm our business. Our inability to obtain or use key data for our products may hinder our operational efficiency and effectiveness. We rely on relationships with third parties for marketing, distribution, and certain services, and difficulties in these relationships may adversely affect our future revenues. Our acquisition and divestiture activities may disrupt our ongoing business and involve increased expenses, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals contemplated at the time of a transaction. Our management approach includes an ongoing reengineering initiative designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions. We expect that part of the growth we seek to achieve through our decision management strategy will be derived from the sale of products and service solutions in industries and markets we do not currently serve. Our ability to increase revenues will depend on introducing new products and services that keep pace with technological developments and satisfy increasingly sophisticated customer requirements. If we fail to enhance our current products and develop new products in response to changes in technology or industry standards, our products could become less competitive or obsolete. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to innovate by internally developing new and competitive technologies. The market for business analytics is new, rapidly evolving, and highly competitive, and we expect competition in this market to persist and intensify. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. We must develop or obtain a reliable source of sufficient amounts of current and statistically relevant data to analyze transactions and update our products. Our decision management strategy depends in part upon our ability to access new forms of data to develop custom and proprietary analytic tools. If we fail to maintain sufficient data sourcing relationships, our products and the development of new products might become less effective. Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights. We have relied on a combination of copyright, patent, trade secret, and trademark laws to protect our proprietary technology. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss, unauthorized disclosure of consumer or customer information, litigation, and other liability. If our security measures are compromised, our reputation may be damaged, and we could incur significant liabilities. Protection from system interruptions is important to our business, as interruptions could delay and disrupt our ability to develop, deliver, or maintain our products and services. Our revenues depend, to a great extent, upon conditions in the banking and insurance industries. If our clients' industries experience uncertainty, it will likely harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The potential for disruptions presents considerable risks to our businesses and operations, including potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions. We may need to modify our strategies, businesses, or operations in response to market disruptions and may incur additional costs to compete in a changed business environment.