Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and adverse economic conditions or reduced information technology spending may adversely impact our business. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology and on the economic health of our current and prospective customers. Weak global economic conditions or a reduction in information technology spending could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations in various ways, including longer sales cycles and lower prices for our products and services. Our reliance on information technology systems to manage critical functions such as order processing, revenue recognition, financial forecasts, inventory and supply chain management, and trade compliance reviews is significant. Certain systems developed internally may have a higher risk of failure or not receive the same level of support as systems purchased from external technology companies. We have been slow to adopt and implement certain automated functions, which could negatively impact our business. The complexity of managing inventory is compounded by the significant number of different products and models we sell, and our inventory management systems may be inadequate to enable effective management. Our channel partners may have insufficient financial resources and may not withstand changes in business conditions, which could negatively impact their ability to sell our products and services. We rely significantly on revenue from Fortiguard security subscription and Forticare technical support services, which may decline, and the timing of revenue recognition for our sales may be affected by the accuracy and timing of point-of-sale reporting. Our ability to sell our products is dependent on the quality of our technical support services, and our failure to offer high-quality technical support could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. The network security market is rapidly evolving, and we must accurately predict, prepare for, and respond promptly to technological and market developments and changing end-customer needs. Our future performance depends on the continued services of our senior management and our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. We expect competition to intensify in the future, and our competitors may establish cooperative relationships that enhance their resources. Our proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our products without compensating us. We rely on third-party channel partners to generate substantially all of our revenue, and if our partners fail to perform, our ability to sell our products and services will be limited. We must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, operating and administrative systems, and controls to manage future growth effectively. Our failure to improve our systems and processes may result in our inability to manage the growth of our business and accurately forecast our revenue, expenses, and earnings. Our investments in sales and marketing are critical to support growth, and we expect sales and marketing expenses to increase as a percentage of total revenue. The timing and success of new product and service introductions, as well as changes in the competitive landscape of our industry, could significantly impact our business.