Our future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system integration processes. Our customers' requirements change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our future performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. The information systems and technology group's revenues decreased in 2014 in part due to lower volume on several programs, including our commercial wireless work. Despite the revenue decline, the group's operating margins increased 90 basis points in 2014, the result of solid operating performance and ongoing cost-reduction efforts across all our lines of business. We continue to pursue opportunities outside the U.S. presented by demand for military equipment and information technologies from our non-U.S. operations and through exports from our North American businesses. Our ability to perform our obligations may be materially adversely affected if one or more of these suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner. We have made and expect to continue to make investments, including acquisitions and joint ventures, that involve risks and uncertainties. When evaluating potential mergers and acquisitions, we make judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies and other assets and the risks and costs of potential liabilities based on information available to us at the time of the transaction. Our business could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity events and other disruptions. We face various cybersecurity threats, including threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information. We also design and manage information technology systems for various customers. We maintain information security policies and procedures for managing all systems. We have experienced cybersecurity threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our sensitive information, including viruses and attacks by hackers. Such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, future threats could cause harm to our business and our reputation and challenge our eligibility for future work on sensitive or classified systems for U.S. government customers. Our revenues are concentrated with the U.S. government, and this customer relationship involves specific risks. U.S. defense spending is driven by threats to national security. While the country has been under an elevated threat level for more than a decade, competing demands for federal funds are pressuring various areas of spending. Our U.S. government contracts are subject to termination rights by the customer, and the government may also terminate a contract for default in the event of a breach by the contractor. The termination of multiple or large programs could have a material adverse effect on our future revenues and earnings. We rely on other companies to provide materials, components and subsystems for our products. Subcontractors also perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. We depend on these subcontractors and vendors to meet our contractual obligations in full compliance with customer requirements and applicable law. We manage our supplier base carefully to avoid customer issues. However, we sometimes rely on only one or two sources of supply that, if disrupted, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our customer commitments.