Management recognizes that the term "organic revenue growth" may be interpreted differently by other companies and under different circumstances. We believe that presenting organic revenue growth separately for our industrial businesses provides management and investors with useful information about the trends of our industrial businesses and enables a more direct comparison to other non-financial businesses and companies. We believe that our measures of industrial cash flows from operating activities and cash flows from operating activities excluding the effects of taxes paid related to the NBCU transaction provide management and investors with useful measures to compare the capacity of our industrial operations to generate operating cash flows with the operating cash flows of other non-financial businesses and companies. We also believe that presenting free cash flow separately for our industrial businesses provides management and investors with useful information about the trends of our industrial businesses and enables a more direct comparison to other non-financial businesses and companies. We continue to lead in technology innovation with greater focus on productivity-based technology, services, and IT solutions as healthcare providers seek greater productivity and efficiency. The business continues to invest in new product development, such as our new H-turbine, larger wind turbines, and advanced upgrades, to expand our equipment and services offerings. Our energy solutions allow customers across multiple energy-intensive industries such as oil & gas, marine, data centers, metals, and mining to efficiently manage electricity from the point of generation to the point of consumption. We provide high-performance software and control solutions and offer products such as circuit breakers, relays, arresters, switchgear, panel boards, and repair for the commercial, data center, healthcare, mining, renewables, oil & gas, water, and telecom markets. We plan to complement and expand the digital energy business with the acquisition of Alstom's grid business. We expect continued reinvestment in our key products to drive growth and continued margin accretion in 2015 and beyond. We integrate acquisitions as quickly as possible. Revenues and earnings from the date we complete the acquisition through the end of the following fourth quarter are considered the acquisition effect of such businesses. Our products and technologies harness resources such as wind, oil, gas, diesel, nuclear, and water to produce electric power. The effects of acquisitions increased consolidated revenues $1.7 billion and $1.6 billion in 2014 and 2013, respectively. The effects of a stronger U.S. dollar compared to mainly the Japanese yen, Canadian dollar, and Brazilian real, partially offset by the British pound, decreased consolidated revenues by $0.9 billion. Our risk management process includes standards and policies for reviewing major risk exposures and concentrations, and evaluates relevant data either for individual loans or financing leases, or on a portfolio basis, as appropriate. We believe that our current reserve continues to reflect our probable and estimable costs for the remainder of the phase 2 of the dredging project. We also believe that the adjustments described above result in a more relevant measure for management and investors to evaluate performance of our industrial continuing operations, on a consistent basis, and to evaluate and compare the performance of our industrial continuing operations with the continuing operations of other businesses and companies.