Our business operations rely significantly on information technology networks and systems, including in-vehicle systems and mobile devices, to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain management, manufacturing, invoicing, and collection of payments from our dealer network and customers. The secure operation of these information technology networks, and the processing and maintenance of this information, is critical to our business operations and strategy. We have been the target of security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology networks and systems, which could interfere with our operations and compromise the confidentiality of our proprietary information. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, our information technology networks and systems may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by hackers or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees, contractors, and others who have access to our networks and systems or computer viruses. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise our networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. If successful, these types of attacks on our network or systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, due to, among other things, the loss of proprietary data, interruptions or delays in our business operations, and damage to our reputation. Our ability to maintain profitability over the long term is dependent upon our ability to introduce new and improved vehicle models that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers, which requires us to implement successfully improved technological innovations in design, engineering, and manufacturing. We plan to invest significantly in alternative fuel and advanced propulsion technologies to support our planned expansion of hybrid and electric vehicles. Our future operations may not provide us with the cash flow we anticipate, which could force us to reduce, delay, or cancel our planned investments in new technology. Our automotive operations are dependent upon the continued ability of our suppliers to deliver the systems, components, raw materials, and parts that we need to manufacture our products. Our use of "just-in-time" manufacturing processes allows us to maintain minimal inventory quantities of systems, components, raw materials, and parts, which makes our ability to maintain production dependent upon our suppliers delivering sufficient quantities on time to meet our production schedules. We continue to assess our performance throughout the regions, and additional restructuring, impairment, and rationalization actions may be required. Our strategic plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will help us achieve improved margins by focusing on product design, leading-edge technology, and operational excellence. We are committed to meeting or exceeding regulatory requirements, which may require us to implement new technologies for conventional internal combustion engines, all at increased cost levels. Our financial services operations rely on information technology to provide financing services to our dealers and customers, and any reduction in our ability to provide such financial services would negatively affect our efforts to support additional sales of our vehicles.