Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at very high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. As our client base, and our geographical reach expands, and the volume, speed, frequency and complexity of transactions, especially electronic transactions, increases, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure becomes more challenging. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to ensure that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations. Our operational risk management framework is designed to minimize our exposure to operational risk, which includes managing the risks associated with our technology infrastructure. We have made a significant investment in technology to monitor market risk, including risk measures calculated at individual position levels and the ability to report many different views of the risk measures. Our risk management technology aims to provide timely and accurate information to facilitate informed decision-making regarding the risks we are taking. We employ a variety of risk measures to estimate the size of potential losses for both moderate and more extreme market moves over both short-term and long-term time horizons. Our primary risk measures include value-at-risk (VaR) and stress tests, which are used to assess capital adequacy as part of our capital planning and stress testing process. The firmwide risk committee sets market risk limits at firmwide and product levels, and our securities division risk committee sets sub-limits for market-making and investing activities at a business level. We actively manage our positions to minimize the risk that we will be required to take outsized actions during periods of stress. Additionally, we have established a firmwide technology risk committee that reviews matters related to the design, development, deployment, and use of technology, overseeing cyber security matters and technology risk management frameworks. Our operational risk management process includes the training, supervision, and development of our people, as well as the active participation of senior management in identifying and mitigating key operational risks across the firm. We have a comprehensive data collection process for operational risk events, which requires managers to escalate operational risk events. Our global credit risk management systems capture credit exposure to individual counterparties and on an aggregate basis, providing management with comprehensive information on our aggregate credit risk by product, internal credit rating, industry, country, and region. We also employ various risk mitigants, including collateral provisions, guarantees, covenants, and structural seniority of the bank loan claims to manage our credit exposures. Our liquidity risk management policies ensure we have sufficient financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress, and we maintain substantial liquidity to meet a broad range of potential cash outflows and collateral needs in a stressed environment. The liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) became effective in the United States on January 1, 2015, with a phase-in period, and we expect to maintain a stable funding profile in relation to the composition of our assets and off-balance-sheet activities.