Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues. The proper functioning of Grainger's information systems, including its websites, is critical to the successful operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware and network infrastructures in order to effectively manage its information systems and websites. Although Grainger's information systems are protected with robust backup and security systems, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities, information systems are still vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, computer viruses, telecommunication failures and other problems. If critical information systems fail or otherwise become unavailable, among other things, Grainger's ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable and disburse funds could be adversely affected. Any such interruption of Grainger's information systems could also subject Grainger to additional costs. Breaches of information systems security could damage Grainger's reputation, disrupt operations, increase costs and/or decrease revenues. Through Grainger's sales and e-commerce channels, Grainger collects and stores confidential information that customers provide to purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs and register on the website. Grainger also acquires and retains information about suppliers and employees in the normal course of business. Despite instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, computer hackers may attempt to penetrate Grainger's or its vendors' information systems and, if successful, misappropriate confidential customer, supplier, employee or other business information. In addition, a Grainger employee, contractor or other third party with whom Grainger does business may attempt to circumvent security measures in order to obtain such information or inadvertently cause a breach involving such information. Loss of customer, supplier, employee or other business information could disrupt operations, damage Grainger's reputation and expose Grainger to claims from customers, suppliers, financial institutions, regulators, payment card associations, employees and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on Grainger, its financial condition and results of operations. In addition, compliance with tougher privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant additional expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is an integral component of the business strategy and any such disruption could adversely impact the results of operations. Grainger plans to continue to make investments in its supply chain, information systems, e-commerce, sales force and inventory management services. These investments are expected to accelerate market share growth and increase Grainger's size and scale. Grainger has implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that employees, contractors or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or Grainger's policies. Any such violations could materially adversely affect Grainger's financial condition or operating results. Grainger's continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of Grainger's reputation. To be successful in the future, Grainger must continue to preserve, grow and leverage the value of Grainger's brand, which is based in large part on perceptions of subjective qualities. Grainger's business is subject to various government regulations, and compliance with these laws and regulations increases the cost of doing business. Grainger's operations are primarily in the United States and Canada, with presence also in Europe, Asia and Latin America. Grainger serves more than 2 million customers worldwide through a network of highly integrated branches, distribution centers and websites.