The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes and functions to remain competitive and enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and established markets. These initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company continues to invest significantly in its strategic imperatives to drive revenue growth and market share gains. Client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly-growing segments, and new delivery models may unfavorably impact demand and profitability for other products or services. As the company expands to capture emerging growth opportunities, it needs to rapidly secure the appropriate mix of trained, skilled, and experienced personnel, and develop ecosystems and collaborative partnerships. The company experiences and responds to cybersecurity threats, although none has had a material adverse effect on the company to date. As these threats develop and grow, the company may also find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by changes to existing laws, legal principles, and regulations governing intellectual property, including the ownership and protection of patents. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. If the company fails to maintain the adequacy of its internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, the company's business and operating results could be harmed. The company depends on skilled personnel, and much of its future success depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of these resources. Skilled and experienced personnel in the areas where the company competes are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. The company's business employs a wide variety of components, supplies, services, and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers around the world. Changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances, and dispositions, which present significant challenges and risks relating to the integration of the business into the company. The company is exposed to currency and customer financing risks that could impact its revenue and business, and its financial performance is exposed to a wide variety of industry sector dynamics worldwide. The company's client base includes many worldwide enterprises, and the company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its clients' financial conditions. The company's financial results are difficult to predict due to factors such as the introduction of new products and services, the length of sales cycles, and the seasonality of technology purchases. The company could incur substantial costs for environmental matters and is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning environmental protection. The company's results of operations could be negatively impacted by its U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans, and adverse equity market conditions may have an unfavorable impact on the value of the company's pension trust assets.