We operate global marketplaces for trading and clearing a broad array of securities and derivatives contracts across major asset classes, including energy and agricultural commodities, interest rates, equities, equity derivatives, credit derivatives, bonds, and currencies. Our business is conducted as a single reportable business segment, and substantially all of our identifiable assets are located in the United States, United Kingdom, continental Europe, Israel, Canada, and Singapore. Our results have been and will continue to be affected by many factors, including the level of trading activity in our markets, which during any period is significantly influenced by general market conditions; competition; price volatility; market share and the pace of industry consolidation; broad trends in the brokerage and finance industry; price levels and price volatility; the number and financial health of companies listed on NYSE's cash markets; geopolitical events; weather and disasters; real and perceived supply and demand imbalances; availability of capital; changing technology in the financial services industry; and legislative and regulatory changes. In particular, the business environment has been characterized by increasing competition among global markets for trading volumes and listings; the globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; market participants' demand for speed, capacity, and reliability, which requires continuing investment in technology; and increasing competition for market data revenues. We have diversified our business so that we are less subject to the reduction in volatility, trading activity, or participation in any one asset class. We continue to focus on our strategy to broaden and diversify our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives in connection with our acquisition of NYSE in order to mitigate these uncertainties. We expect to continue to explore and pursue various potential acquisitions and other strategic opportunities to strengthen our competitive position and support our growth. We have incurred employee termination costs following the acquisition, which are included in acquisition-related transaction and integration costs, including $99 million and $44 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology. These costs are driven by system capacity, functionality, and redundancy requirements. Communication expenses consist of costs for network connection for our electronic platforms, telecommunications costs, and fees paid for access to external market data. We recognized $132 million and $13 million in technology and communication expenses relating to NYSE during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The acquisition of Superderivatives is intended to accelerate our multi-asset class clearing, risk management, and market data strategy. We now earn data services fees relating to our U.S. equity market data services. We collect cash trading market data fees principally for consortium-based data products and, to a lesser extent, for NYSE proprietary data products. Our data services fee revenues also increased during the year ended December 31, 2014 following our October 7, 2014 acquisition of Superderivatives, a leading provider of risk management analytics, financial market data, and valuation services. The acquisition is intended to enhance our technology and the continued expansion of our businesses. Our clearing houses hold material amounts of clearing member cash deposits which are invested primarily to provide security of capital, but also which may generate interest income for our clearing members. The ice clearing houses seek to reduce their exposure through a risk management program that includes initial and ongoing financial standards for clearing member admission and continued membership, original and variation margin requirements, and mandatory deposits to the guaranty fund. The amounts that the clearing members are required to maintain in the original margin and guaranty fund accounts are determined by standardized parameters established by the margin or risk committees, risk management departments, and the boards of directors of each of the ice clearing houses and may fluctuate over time.