The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and subject to rapid technological and market developments, changes in industry standards, changes in customer needs, and frequent product introductions and improvements. To be successful, we need to cultivate new industry relationships with customers and partners in these market segments. Additionally, we must continually improve the cost, integration, and energy efficiency of our products as well as expand our software capabilities to provide customers with comprehensive computing solutions. Our R&D efforts are critical to our success and are aimed at solving complex problems, and we do not expect all of our projects to be successful. We may be unable to develop and market new products successfully, and the products we invest in and develop may not be well-received by customers. Our R&D investments may not generate significant operating income or contribute to our future operating results for several years, and such contributions may not meet our expectations or even cover the costs of such investments. We face significant competition, and if we do not anticipate and respond to these developments, our competitive position may weaken, and our products or technologies might be uncompetitive or obsolete. Our operations could be disrupted by natural disasters; geopolitical conditions; terrorist activity; public health issues; cybersecurity incidents; interruptions of service from utilities, transportation or telecommunications providers; or other catastrophic events. Such events could make it difficult or impossible to manufacture or deliver products to our customers, receive production materials from our suppliers, or perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our revenue and require significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. We are subject to cybersecurity and privacy risks, facing attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to our IT systems. Malicious hackers may attempt to gain unauthorized access and corrupt the processes of hardware and software products that we manufacture and services we provide. We believe such attempts are increasing in number and in technical sophistication. While we seek to detect and investigate all unauthorized attempts and attacks against our network, products, and services, we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. Publicity about vulnerabilities and attempted or successful incursions could damage our reputation with customers or users, and reduce demand for our products and services. The theft, loss, or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored, or transferred by us to run our business could result in significantly increased security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. Global privacy legislation, enforcement, and policy activity in this area are rapidly expanding and creating a complex compliance regulatory environment. Costs to comply with and implement these privacy-related and data protection measures could be significant. We are subject to risks associated with strategic transactions, making investments in public and private companies around the world to further our strategic objectives and support key business initiatives. Our acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions could fail to achieve strategic objectives, disrupt our ongoing business, and harm our results of operations. We must attract, retain, and motivate executives and other key employees, as hiring and retaining qualified executives, scientists, engineers, technical staff, and sales representatives are critical to our business, and competition for experienced employees can be intense.