Our pipelines business is dependent on the supply of and demand for the commodities transported by our pipelines. Changes in the business environment, such as the recent sharp decline in crude oil prices, an increase in production costs from higher feedstock prices, supply disruptions, or higher development costs, could result in a slowing of supply from oil and natural gas producing areas. The implementation of new regulations or the modification of existing regulations affecting the oil and gas industry could reduce demand for natural gas, crude oil, and refined petroleum products, increase our costs, and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our growth strategy may cause difficulties integrating acquisitions and constructing new facilities, and we may not be able to achieve the expected benefits from any future acquisitions or expansions. Successful integration of each acquisition, expansion, or construction project will depend upon our ability to manage those operations and to eliminate redundant and excess costs. Difficulties in integration may be magnified if we make multiple acquisitions over a relatively short period of time. Our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial health and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions. Our ability to service our debt will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our assets and operations are subject to regulation and oversight by federal, state, provincial, and local regulatory authorities. Regulatory actions taken by these agencies have the potential to adversely affect our profitability. Regulation affects almost every part of our business and extends to such matters as rates, operating terms and conditions of service, the types of services we may offer to our customers, and the integrity, safety, and security of facilities and operations. Our operations are subject to federal, state, provincial, and local laws, regulations, and potential liabilities arising under or relating to the protection or preservation of the environment, natural resources, and human health and safety. We may face competition from other pipelines and other forms of transportation into the areas we serve as well as with respect to the supply for our pipeline systems. Our business strategy includes acquiring additional businesses, expanding existing assets, and constructing new facilities. We rely on external financing sources, including commercial borrowings and issuances of debt and equity securities, to fund our acquisition and growth capital expenditures. Our ability to make accretive acquisitions or expand our assets is impacted by our ability to maintain adequate liquidity and to raise the necessary capital needed to fund such acquisitions. Our credit ratings may be impacted by our leverage, liquidity, credit profile, and potential transactions. The market price of our common stock could be volatile, and our stockholders may not be able to resell their common stock at or above the price at which they purchased it due to fluctuations in its market price, including changes in price caused by factors unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. Our success depends in part on the performance of and our ability to retain our chairman and our executive officers, who have been responsible for developing and executing our growth strategy. We must either obtain the right from landowners or exercise the power of eminent domain to use most of the land on which our pipelines are constructed. Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. Economic conditions worldwide have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in several industries, including the oil and gas industry, resulting in reduced demand and increased price competition for our products and services.