Our business is increasingly dependent on information technology systems that are complex and vital to continuing operations. If we were to experience difficulties maintaining or operating existing systems or implementing new systems, we could incur significant losses due to disruptions in our operations. Although we have implemented procedures to protect our information, we cannot be certain that all of our systems are entirely free from vulnerability to attack. Computer hackers may attempt to penetrate our or our vendors' network security and, if successful, misappropriate confidential customer or business information. Loss of customer or business information could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and expose us to claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card associations, associates, and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, compliance with tougher privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. Our ability to achieve sales, earnings, and cash flow goals may be affected by the potential costs and risks associated with potential cyber-attacks or data security breaches. We continue to evaluate and address our potential exposure to under-funded multi-employer pension plans, which may require increased investment in technology to manage effectively. Our strategic plan provides a balanced approach that will enable us to meet the wide-ranging needs and expectations of our customers in this challenging economic environment, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities. We believe that our IT capabilities, which encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes, are critical in transforming our firm into a competitive force. The integration of new business through mergers and acquisitions is also subject to significant challenges, including the coordination of geographically separate organizations and the integration of IT systems, which is essential for achieving anticipated benefits such as operating efficiencies and innovation. Our capital investments in technology infrastructure are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting our business strategy. The effective management of our technology portfolio is crucial for maintaining our competitive advantage and ensuring that we can respond to market dynamics and consumer demands effectively. We recognize that our IT governance and the strategic alignment of our technology capabilities with our business objectives are vital for sustaining organizational performance and achieving long-term growth. The ability to leverage our IT resources effectively will be instrumental in enhancing our operational flexibility and improving our market responsiveness. As we continue to invest in our digital infrastructure, we aim to create new levels of personalization and convenience for our customers, which will further strengthen our market position. Our focus on information management capability underscores the importance of providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, and security, tailored to respond to changing business needs and directions.