We depend on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business; system inadequacies or operating failures could harm our business. We rely to a large extent on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within the company and some of which are outsourced. These systems and networks are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including energy or telecommunications failures, breakdowns, natural disasters, terrorism, war, computer malware or other malicious intrusions, and random attacks. To date, system interruptions have been infrequent and have not had a material impact on our consolidated results of operations. We have implemented extensive measures to prevent, respond to, and minimize the impact of system interruptions. However, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent future interruptions that would have a material adverse effect on our business. The loss, theft, or inadvertent disclosure of our confidential data could impair our valuable intellectual property, harm our competitive position, and expose us to regulatory penalties and other costs. A great deal of confidential information owned by both Lilly and our alliances is stored in our information systems, networks, and facilities at third parties. This includes valuable trade secrets and intellectual property, corporate strategic plans, marketing plans, customer information, and personally identifiable information. Some of this information is created, accessed, and/or maintained by third parties. The confidentiality of this information may be breached in a variety of ways, including but not limited to negligent or wrongful conduct by employees or others with permitted access to our systems and data, or wrongful conduct by certain governments, hackers, unethical competitors, or former workforce members. The rapid growth of social media exacerbates the risk of information security breaches. The theft or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights, cause damage to company operations and reputation, and cause us to lose other competitive advantages. Information security breaches may be very difficult to detect, and once detected, their impact may be very difficult to assess. To date, the information security breaches of which we have become aware have been infrequent in occurrence and, to the extent we have been able to measure their financial impact on our consolidated results of operations, such impact has not been material. We have invested and continue to invest to prevent, monitor, detect, and respond to information security breaches by strengthening our employee awareness and training, information technology systems, and business processes, and strengthening data protection requirements for third parties that handle our confidential information. However, despite these efforts, we expect information security breaches to continue, and there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent information security breaches that would have a material adverse effect on our business. We utilize third parties, including suppliers, alliances with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third-party service providers, for selected aspects of product development, the manufacture and commercialization of certain products, support for information technology systems, and certain financial transactional processes. Outsourcing these functions involves the risk that the third parties may not perform to our standards or legal requirements, may not produce reliable results, may not perform in a timely manner, may not maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information, or may fail to perform at all. Failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, confidentiality, or other obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our business.