The lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for reservation, revenue management, and property management systems, as well as technologies made available to guests. These technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems regularly, and if the company cannot do so as quickly as competitors or within budgeted costs and time frames, its business could suffer. The company’s ability to remain competitive and to attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on its success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of its lodging products and services, including loyalty programs and consumer-facing technology platforms and services, from those offered by others. A failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair operations or competitive position. The company relies on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including email marketing and online advertising, and any further restrictions in laws governing these activities could adversely affect the effectiveness of these marketing strategies. The integrity and protection of customer, employee, and company data are critical, and if that data is inaccurate or incomplete, it could lead to faulty business decisions. The company’s reliance on computer, internet-based, and mobile systems and communications has increased significantly, and a significant theft, loss, or fraudulent use of data could adversely impact its reputation and result in remedial expenses, fines, or litigation. The company manages a global reservation system that communicates reservations to its branded hotels, and the cost, speed, accuracy, and efficiency of this system are critical aspects of its business. The company’s profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from its approach to property-level and above-property productivity, with properties maintaining tight cost controls and a focus on systems, processing, and support areas. The company continues to enhance the appeal of its proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use website and associated mobile applications through functionality and service improvements, expecting to capture an increasing proportion of property-level reservations via this cost-efficient channel. The company’s emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels generates growth typically with little or no investment. The company’s growth strategy depends upon third-party owners/operators, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable. The ability to develop and update brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new properties are important parts of the growth plan, which depend in part on capital access, availability, and cost for hotel developers and third-party owners. The company’s operations are subject to various risks that could have a negative effect on financial performance, including economic uncertainty, compliance with complex laws and regulations, and the need to maintain the integrity of and protect internal or customer data. The company’s strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility are critical for sustaining growth and achieving competitive advantage in a highly competitive market.