We are increasingly reliant on our technological systems (e.g., point-of-sale and other in-store systems or platforms) to conduct our business, and any failure of these systems could significantly impact our operations. Despite our implementation of security measures, our technology systems could become vulnerable to damage, disability or failures due to theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events. If these systems were to fail, and we were unable to recover in a timely way, we could experience an interruption in our operations. We may also not fully realize the benefits of the significant investments we are making to enhance the customer experience through digital engagement and social media. Furthermore, security breaches involving our systems or those of third-party providers may occur, such as unauthorized access, denial of service, computer viruses and other disruptive problems caused by hackers. Our information technology systems contain personal, financial and other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees as well as financial, proprietary and other confidential information related to our business. An actual or alleged security breach could result in system disruptions, shutdowns, theft or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. The occurrence of any of these incidents could result in adverse publicity, loss of consumer confidence, reduced sales and profits, and criminal penalties or civil liabilities. We have increased our emphasis on digital offerings and customer loyalty initiatives, and our success depends in part on whether we can effectively execute such offerings and initiatives in a way that will enhance customer engagement. Our digital strategy is built around improving the customer experience and customer engagement. Collectively, these customer-focused initiatives represent the restaurant experience of the future and build upon investments we have already made in reimaging and technology. We are focused on enhancing the appeal of our core products and addressing food perceptions by improving and highlighting the quality of our ingredients and engaging with our customers in more transparent dialogue. We plan to execute initiatives that are designed to address customer insights and the competitive dynamics that are unique to each market. We are also refining our value proposition to offer the right balance of value and choice and to create more logical relationships across menu price tiers. Our ability to compete successfully in the current market environment depends on our ability to improve existing products, develop new products, price our products appropriately, manage the complexity of our restaurant operations and respond effectively to our competitors' actions. We must continuously adapt to deliver a relevant experience for our customers amidst a highly competitive, value-driven operating environment. Our strategies are aligned around the four strategic growth priorities that represent our greatest opportunities to drive results—serving our customers' favorite food and drinks, creating memorable experiences, offering unparalleled convenience, and being a more trusted brand. Our success depends in part on our system's ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel to manage our operations. Our operating performance could also be negatively affected if our franchisees experience food safety or other operational problems or project a brand image inconsistent with our values, particularly if our contractual and other rights and remedies are limited, costly to exercise or subject to litigation. We are committed to ongoing restaurant expansion, although the pace of new openings was slowed in certain markets in response to local market dynamics. We plan to leverage investments in reimaging, integrated kitchen platforms and other technology-enabled solutions to support the restaurant experience of the future.