Our business relies on the secure electronic transmission, storage, and hosting of sensitive information, including protected health information, financial information, and other sensitive information relating to our customers, company, and workforce. We also rely on sophisticated information systems in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; receive, process, and ship orders and handle other products and services on a timely basis; manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and process payments to suppliers. The healthcare technology businesses deliver enterprise-wide and single entity clinical, patient care, financial, supply chain, and strategic management software solutions to hospitals, physicians, homecare providers, retail and mail order pharmacies, and payers. The failure of our healthcare technology businesses to attract and retain customers due to challenges in software product integration or to keep pace with technological advances may significantly reduce our results of operations. Our technology solutions segment experiences substantial competition from many firms, including other software services firms, consulting firms, shared service vendors, certain hospitals and hospital groups, payers, care management organizations, hardware vendors, and internet-based companies with technology applicable to the healthcare industry. The success of our technology businesses will depend, in part, on our ability to be responsive to technological developments, pricing pressures, and changing business models. To remain competitive in the evolving healthcare information systems marketplace, our technology businesses must also develop new products on a timely basis. The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and further regulation of our distribution businesses and technology-related products and services could impose increased costs, negatively impact our profit margins, and delay the introduction or implementation of our new products. We expect that the use of a revised average manufacturer price benchmark or the use of an alternative reimbursement metric would result in a reduction in the reimbursement rates to our customers for certain pharmaceuticals, which could indirectly impact the prices that we can charge our customers and cause corresponding declines in our profitability. There is increasing demand among customers, industry groups, and government authorities that healthcare software and systems provided by various vendors be compatible with each other. In 2013, we co-founded the CommonWell Health Alliance with the aim of developing a standard for data sharing among doctors, hospitals, clinics, and pharmacies. We may incur increased development costs and delays in receiving certification for our products, and changing or supplementing rules may lengthen our sales and implementation cycle. Our operations and facilities are vulnerable to interruption and/or damage from a number of sources, many of which are beyond our control, including power loss and telecommunications failures, fire, flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters, software and hardware errors, failures or crashes, and cyber attacks. If these systems are interrupted, damaged, or breached by an unforeseen event or actions of a third party, it could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We routinely process, store, and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including sensitive personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties. Breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information could expose our customers to the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, resulting in litigation and potential liability for us, damaging our brand and reputation, or otherwise harming our business.