Moody's ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its businesses and the communities in which Moody's is located, including disruptions involving physical or technological infrastructure, including the company's electronic delivery systems, data center facilities, and the internet. The company relies on third-party providers to provide certain essential services, and any failure of these providers to deliver services efficiently could result in lower revenues and higher costs. Moody's operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and other types of information relating to its business operations and clients. Cyber risks range from common cyber-attacks to advanced threats targeting the company due to its prominence in the global marketplace. Breaches of Moody's or its vendors' technology and systems may result in manipulation or corruption of sensitive data, material interruptions, or malfunctions in business operations, which could compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information held by the company. The company has implemented internal controls, policies, and procedures to deter prohibited practices, but these measures may not be fully effective. The company's initiatives to reduce costs to counteract a decline in its business may not be sufficient, and cost reductions may be difficult to obtain in the short term due to fixed costs associated with operations. Moody's is exposed to legal, economic, and regulatory risks of operating in multiple jurisdictions, and compliance with international and U.S. laws increases the cost of doing business. The company is subject to complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, which may result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, and administrative remedies. Moody's has made acquisitions to strengthen its business and grow the company, but such transactions present significant challenges and risks, including unanticipated challenges regarding integration of operations and technologies. The company's success depends on its ability to recruit, retain, and motivate highly skilled professionals, and competition for skilled individuals in the financial services industry is intense. The company faces increased pricing pressure from competitors and customers, and there is price competition in the credit rating, research, and credit risk management markets. Moody's ability to develop and successfully launch innovative products and technologies that anticipate customers' changing requirements is a key factor in maintaining market share. The markets for credit ratings and related services are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change, changes in client demands, and evolving industry standards. The company is dependent on third-party technology and any reduction in third-party product quality or service offerings could have a material adverse effect on its business. Moody's believes that it has the financial resources needed to meet its cash requirements and expects to have positive operating cash flow. The company is focused on creating value for shareholders by investing in growing areas of the business, reinvesting in ratings quality initiatives, making selective acquisitions, and repurchasing stock. The company's outlook for 2015 is based on assumptions about macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and corporate profitability.