We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, to manage a variety of business processes and activities, and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. Our information technology infrastructure is critical for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our personnel, customers and suppliers around the world. These information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers or other cybersecurity risks, telecommunication failures, user errors, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events. If any of our significant information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, and our disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results. Additionally, if we are unable to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks and other information security breaches, we may suffer financial and reputational damage, be subject to litigation or incur remediation costs or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our partners, customers, suppliers or employees. The mishandling or inappropriate disclosure of non-public sensitive or protected information could lead to the loss of intellectual property, negatively impact planned corporate transactions or damage our reputation and brand image. We evaluate a variety of potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, minority investments and other strategic alliances that could further our strategic business objectives. Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to identify suitable transactions; negotiate favorable contractual terms; comply with applicable regulations and receive necessary consents, clearances and approvals; integrate or separate businesses; realize the full extent of the benefits, cost savings or synergies presented by strategic transactions; effectively implement control environment processes with employees joining us as a result of a transaction; minimize adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; achieve accurate estimates of fair value; minimize potential loss of customers or key employees; and minimize indemnities and potential disputes with buyers, sellers and strategic partners. We have announced a transformation agenda with the goals of focusing our portfolio, improving our cost structure and operating model, and accelerating our growth. Our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, including Brazil, China, India, Mexico, Russia, Venezuela, Argentina, Ukraine, the Middle East, Africa and Southeast Asia. However, some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. We must hire, retain and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. We face increased personnel-related risks in connection with implementing the changes in our transformation agenda related to our operating model and business processes. These risks could lead to operational challenges, including increased competition for employees with the skills we require to achieve our business goals, higher employee turnover, including of employees with key capabilities, and challenges in developing the capabilities necessary to transform our business processes.