Our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. The sustained low interest rate environment has contributed to the underfunding of pension plans, which limits our customers' ability to engage in full pension plan closeout terminations. We manage our investment portfolio using disciplined asset-liability management (ALM) principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. Our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. We also use derivatives as an integral part of our management of the investment portfolio to hedge certain risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity market levels. We apply disciplined ALM strategies, including the use of derivatives, primarily interest rate swaps, floors, and swaptions. A significant portion of these derivatives were entered into prior to the onset of the current low U.S. interest rate environment. Our approach for managing investment risks includes fundamental credit analysis of the underlying obligors, issuers, transaction structures, and real estate properties. We also manage credit risk, market valuation risk, and liquidity risk through industry and issuer diversification and asset allocation. Our liquidity management includes maintaining a substantial short-term liquidity position, which was $14.0 billion and $15.8 billion at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. We continuously monitor and adjust our liquidity and capital plans in light of market conditions, as well as changing needs and opportunities. Our primary sources of liquidity include dividends from subsidiaries, long-term debt issued, common stock issued, and net receipts from subsidiaries under a tax sharing agreement. The payment of dividends and other distributions to metlife, inc. and other parent entities by their respective insurance subsidiaries is governed by insurance laws and regulations. We have established several senior management committees as part of our capital management process. These committees regularly review actual and projected capital levels under a variety of scenarios including stress scenarios and our annual capital plan in accordance with our capital policy. We believe that our capital ratios, credit quality, stable and diverse earnings streams, diversity of liquidity sources, and our liquidity monitoring procedures are critical to retaining our credit ratings. Our business is highly dependent upon the effective operation of our computer systems, which are subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyberattacks, or other computer-related penetrations. We rely on sophisticated technologies to maintain the security of confidential and proprietary information. Our computer systems have been subject to various risks, and while we have not experienced a material breach of cybersecurity, the preventive actions we take may be insufficient to prevent future incidents. We utilize a combination of contractual rights with third parties and copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual property. The failure of our computer systems and/or our disaster recovery plans could cause significant interruptions in our operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality, or privacy of sensitive data. We also use various strategies to manage risks, including the use of derivatives, and we are subject to the risk that hedging and other risk management actions prove ineffective or that unanticipated policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market events, produces economic losses beyond the scope of the risk management techniques employed.