Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. User engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as users continue to engage increasingly via mobile devices. We are unable to continue to develop products for mobile devices that users find engaging, that work with a variety of mobile operating systems and networks, and that achieve a high level of market acceptance. We are dependent on the interoperability of Facebook and our other products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. Our business is highly competitive, and we face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that provide tools to facilitate the sharing of information and companies that provide development platforms for applications developers. We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products, particularly with respect to mobile products. Our ability to retain, increase, and engage our user base and to increase our revenue depends heavily on our ability to create successful new products, both independently and in conjunction with developers or other third parties. Our ability to successfully integrate complex acquisitions is unproven, particularly with respect to companies that have significant operations or that develop products where we do not have prior experience. Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results. Our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. As our user base and engagement continue to grow, and the amount and types of information shared on Facebook and our other products continue to grow and evolve, we will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to continue to satisfy the needs of our users. We may fail to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands. Our products and internal systems rely on software that is highly technical, and if it contains undetected errors, our business could be adversely affected. Errors or other design defects within the software on which we rely may result in a negative experience for users and marketers who use our products, delay product introductions or enhancements, result in measurement or billing errors, or compromise our ability to protect the data of our users and/or our intellectual property. Our employee headcount and the scope and complexity of our business have increased significantly, and we expect headcount growth to continue for the foreseeable future. The growth and expansion of our business and products create significant challenges for our management, operational, and financial resources, including managing multiple relations with users, marketers, developers, and other third parties. In the event of continued growth of our operations or in the number of our third-party relationships, our information technology systems or our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations.