The company employs information technology systems to support its business, including ongoing phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system on a worldwide basis over the next several years. Security breaches and other disruptions to the company's information technology infrastructure could interfere with the company's operations, compromise information belonging to the company and its customers and suppliers, and expose the company to liability which could adversely impact the company's business and reputation. In the ordinary course of business, the company relies on information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. The company collects and stores certain data, including proprietary business information, and may have access to confidential or personal information in certain of its businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls. Despite its cybersecurity measures, the company's information technology networks and infrastructure may still be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attack by hackers or breaches, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, systems failures, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. The company has experienced various threats to its information technology networks and infrastructure, but none to date has had a material impact on the company. The company continues to upgrade and standardize its ERP system on a worldwide basis, which may present challenges and risks. The company invests in IT systems and infrastructure, including an ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an ERP system, and began a multi-year program to renew and upgrade laboratory facilities and administrative buildings. Each of the company's five business segments absorbed incremental investments related to business transformation, enabled by the global ERP implementation, which negatively impacted each segment's annual operating margins. The company believes that its IT capabilities are essential for enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business innovation. The ongoing transition to a more optimized capital structure, financed with additional low-cost debt, could impact the company's credit rating in the future. The company manages its operations globally and believes that its business segment results are the most relevant measure of performance, while also utilizing geographic area data as a secondary performance measure. The company is actively considering additional acquisitions, investments, and strategic alliances, and may also divest certain businesses, which will be supported by its IT capabilities. The company’s focus on research and development has resulted in a portion of its value being comprised of internally developed businesses that have no goodwill associated with them, emphasizing the importance of technology management and innovation in maintaining competitive advantage. The company continues to invest in its operations to drive growth, including continual review of acquisition opportunities, which are facilitated by its robust IT infrastructure and capabilities.