Information technology helps us operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and accurately produce our financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breaches, including cybersecurity attacks. Cybersecurity attacks are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to operational interruption, damage to our brand image and private data exposure. Moreover, if our data management systems, including our SAP enterprise resource planning system, do not effectively collect, store, process and report relevant data for the operation of our business, whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints, software deficiencies, cybersecurity attack, or human error, our ability to effectively plan, forecast and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. The anticipated benefits of the TCCC transaction are expected to secure fully aligned access to TCCC's leading global distribution system, which we anticipate will accelerate our international performance. In addition, we anticipate that the TCCC transaction will provide scale and platform synergies in a range of international geographies where we currently have limited presence, which is expected to increase our energy business in a number of international markets and establish a strong presence in additional countries. Our growth strategy includes expanding our international business which exposes us to risks inherent in conducting international operations, including the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our ability to achieve both domestic and international forecasts, which may be based on projected volumes and sales of many product types and/or new products, certain of which are more profitable than others, is critical. We recognize that the beverage industry is subject to changing consumer preferences that may adversely affect us if we misjudge such preferences. Our commitment to consumers begins with our broad product line and a wide selection of diet, light and low-calorie beverages within our energy drink product line. We continuously strive to meet changing consumer needs through beverage innovation, choice and variety. Our historical success is attributable, in part, to our introduction of different and innovative beverages which have been positively accepted by consumers. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages that meet consumer preferences, although there can be no assurance of our ability to do so. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to operational interruption, damage to our brand image and private data exposure.