The failure of altria group, inc.'s information systems to function as intended, or the penetration by outside parties intent on disrupting business processes, could result in significant costs, loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data and reputational harm. Altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries use information systems to help manage business processes, collect and interpret business data and communicate internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult tobacco consumers and others. Many of these information systems are managed by third-party service providers. We have backup systems and business continuity plans in place and we take care to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access. Nevertheless, failure of our systems to function as intended, or penetration of our systems by outside parties intent on extracting or corrupting information or otherwise disrupting business processes, could result in loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data, cause damage to the reputation of our companies and their brands and result in legal challenges and significant remediation and other costs to altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries. The ability of altria group, inc. to grow new revenue streams may be limited if its operating companies are unable to move successfully into complementary products or processes. Altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries have adjacency growth strategies involving moves and potential moves into complementary products or processes. We cannot guarantee that these strategies, or any products introduced in connection with these strategies, will be successful. Altria group, inc.'s management reviews certain financial results, including diluted eps, on an adjusted basis, which exclude certain income and expense items that management believes are not part of underlying operations. These items may include, for example, loss on early extinguishment of debt, restructuring charges, sabmiller special items, certain tax items, charges associated with tobacco and health litigation items, and settlements of, and determinations made in connection with, disputes with certain states and territories related to the non-participating manufacturer adjustment provision under the 1998 master settlement agreement. Altria group, inc.'s management does not view any of these special items to be part of altria group, inc.'s sustainable results as they may be highly variable, are difficult to predict and can distort underlying business trends and results. The preparation of financial statements includes the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. If actual amounts are ultimately different from previous estimates, the revisions are included in altria group, inc.'s consolidated results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. Altria group, inc. conducts a required annual review of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for potential impairment, and more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would require altria group, inc. to perform an interim review. If the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its fair value, which is determined using discounted cash flows, goodwill is considered impaired. The amount of impairment loss is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the implied fair value. Altria group, inc. also reviews the estimated remaining useful lives of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate the lives may have changed. The analysis incorporated assumptions used in altria group, inc.'s long-term financial forecast and also included market participant assumptions regarding the highest and best use of altria group, inc.'s indefinite-lived intangible assets. Fair value calculations are sensitive to changes in these estimates and assumptions, some of which relate to broader macroeconomic conditions outside of altria group, inc.'s control.