We rely on the performance of our information technology systems, the failure of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are heavily dependent on our information technology systems and network infrastructure and maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. These information systems involve data network and telecommunications, internet access and website functionality, and various computer hardware equipment and software applications, including those that are critical to the safe operation of our business. These systems and infrastructure are subject to damage or interruption from a number of potential sources including natural disasters, software viruses or other malware, power failures, cyber-attacks and other events. We also face various other cyber-security threats, including threats to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or to render data or systems unusable. To protect against such attempts of unauthorized access or attack, we have implemented infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans. However, there can be no guarantee such plans, to the extent they are in place, will be effective. The development, availability and marketing of alternative and competing fuels in the retail market could adversely impact our business. We compete with other industries that provide alternative means to satisfy the energy and fuel needs of our consumers. Increased competition from these alternatives as a result of governmental regulations, technological advances and consumer demand could have an impact on pricing and demand for our products and our profitability. Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. Failure to manage risks associated with business interruptions could adversely impact our operations, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operations are subject to business interruptions due to scheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance or unplanned events such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases or other incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, or other natural or man-made disasters, such as acts of terrorism. We maintain insurance coverage in amounts we believe to be prudent against many, but not all, potential liabilities arising from operating hazards. Uninsured liabilities arising from operating hazards, including but not limited to, explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases or other incidents involving our assets or operations, could reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our financial results and operating statistics for the periods prior to the acquisition do not include amounts for Hess' retail operations and related assets. The increase in income from our pipeline affiliates is primarily due to increases from Loop LLC and Explorer, which is now accounted for as an equity method investment following our acquisition of an increased ownership interest in this pipeline company. We continuously evaluate our capital budget and make changes as conditions warrant. Our anticipated growth and planned expenditures are based upon the assumption that societal sentiment will continue to enable and existing regulations will remain intact to allow for the future development, transportation and use of carbon-based fuels. A portion of our growth strategy is dependent on our ability to expand existing assets and to construct additional assets. However, policy decisions relating to the production, refining, transportation and marketing of carbon-based fuels are subject to political pressures and the influence of environmental and other special interest groups. The construction of new refinery processing units or crude oil or refined products pipelines, or the extension or expansion of existing assets, involve numerous political and legal uncertainties, many of which may cause significant delays or cost increases and most of which are beyond our control.