Market risk refers to the risk that a change in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, implied volatilities, correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity, will result in losses for a position or portfolio owned by the company. The effectiveness of risk management policies, including those related to technological changes and risks, is crucial, as operational risk may arise from inadequate or failed processes, people, and systems or from external events. The company is highly dependent on its ability to process a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies, with operational risk management being essential to reducing the impact of operational risk incidents and mitigating legal and reputational risks. The technology used is increasingly complex and relies on the continued effectiveness of the programming code and integrity of the data to process trades. The company employs a risk management framework that integrates diverse roles into a holistic structure, facilitating the incorporation of risk assessment into decision-making processes across the organization. The operational risk framework is continually evolving to account for changes in the company and respond to the changing regulatory and business environment. The company has implemented operational risk data and assessment systems to monitor and analyze internal and external operational risk events, business environment, and internal control factors. The operational risk department oversees compliance with the company's risk limits and independently reviews material market, credit, and operational risks. The company has established a technology governance committee responsible for reviewing major operations and technology risk exposures, including cybersecurity risk, and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. The company's operational risk management includes oversight of its information security program, which coordinates the management of information security risks and satisfies regulatory requirements. The company maintains a supplier risk management program to ensure adequate risk management controls over services provided by external vendors, including those related to information technology. The company's risk management strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk. The company has established policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. The company faces challenges in managing operational risks, particularly those arising from technological changes and the complexity of its systems, which could adversely affect its businesses or reputation. The company is subject to extensive regulation, which is undergoing major changes that will impact its business, including the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act and other regulatory reforms. The company’s risk management strategies, including its hedging strategies, may not be fully effective in mitigating risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated. The company’s operational risk department works with the divisions and control groups to help ensure a transparent, consistent, and comprehensive framework for managing operational risk within each area and across the company, including the oversight of technology-related risks.