Our business relies heavily on electronic delivery systems, the internet, and our information technology platform, and any failures, disruptions, or instability may materially adversely affect our ability to serve our clients. We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology platform, electronic delivery systems, and its components, including our data centers, and the internet. Heavy use of our electronic delivery systems and other factors such as loss of service from third parties, operational failures, sabotage, break-ins, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering or hacking, human error, cyber-terrorism, natural disasters, power loss, or computer viruses could impair our systems' operations or interrupt their availability for extended periods of time. Our ability to effectively use the internet may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers, or increased government regulation. If disruptions, failures, or slowdowns occur with respect to our electronic delivery systems, the internet, or our information technology platform, our reputation and our ability to distribute our products effectively and to serve our clients, including those clients for whom we provide managed services, may be materially adversely affected. We have also experienced unanticipated interruption and delay in the performance and delivery of certain of our products after we migrated certain of our applications and infrastructure to new data centers and may experience such interruptions and delays in the future with respect to the migrations within existing data centers or to new data centers. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions, underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. The development, maintenance, and support of our products is dependent upon the knowledge, experience, and ability of our highly skilled, educated, and trained employees. Our management and other employees may terminate their employment at any time, and the loss of any of our key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We must continue to improve our operational, financial, management, legal, and compliance processes and information systems to keep pace with the growth of our business. Our growth strategy includes expanding and deepening our relationships with investment institutions worldwide and developing new and enhancing existing product offerings, including combining existing product features or data derived from our products to create new products. We have made, and need to continue to make, investments in our technology platform in order to provide competitive products and services to our clients. Our business is characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards. We must continually introduce new products and services, enhance existing products and services, and effectively generate customer demand for new and upgraded products and services. If we fail to accurately predict or respond or adapt to evolving technologies and changing industry standards, we could lose market share and clients to our competitors, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any significant failures, disruptions, or instability affecting our information technology platform, electronic delivery systems, or the internet may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.