Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms, applications, and services. The strategic importance of developing and maintaining a vibrant ecosystem increased with the launch of the Windows 8 operating system and associated cloud-based services. Competing platforms have application marketplaces with scale and significant installed bases on mobile devices, and the variety and utility of applications available on a platform is important to device purchasing decisions. Our increasing focus on services presents execution and competitive risks, particularly as we transition to a mobile-first and cloud-first strategy. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies, and the Windows ecosystem must continue to evolve with this changing environment. We are embracing cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Whether we succeed in cloud-based services depends on our execution in several areas, including maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on the growing array of computing devices. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities. The security of our products and services is important in our customers' purchasing decisions, and actual or perceived security vulnerabilities could harm our reputation and lead customers to reduce or delay future purchases. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers using methods such as social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies. The success of our cloud-based services depends on our ability to attract the users or generate the revenue required to succeed. We are investing significant resources in new products and services that may not be profitable, and commercial success depends on many factors, including innovativeness, developer support, and effective distribution and marketing. We expect to continue making acquisitions or entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy, which involves significant challenges and risks, including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy or that we have difficulty integrating new employees, business systems, and technology. We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits, and adverse outcomes may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty, and changes in these factors could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. Our business is based on successfully attracting and retaining talented employees, and we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment and competitive compensation and benefits. Our strategy requires continuing investment in datacenters and other infrastructure to support our devices and services, and we anticipate many new mobile device categories and experiences to emerge that span a variety of devices. We will invest to be on the forefront of this innovation, focusing on dual users and their needs across work and life.