We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within the company and some of which are outsourced. Our dependence on the IT systems of our outsourced business partners has increased, which are not under our direct management or control. Any disruption to either those outsourced systems or the communication links between Motorola Solutions and the outsourced supplier may negatively impact our ability to manufacture, distribute, or repair products. A security breach or other significant disruption of our IT systems could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results. As a provider of mission-critical communications systems, we face additional risk as a target of sophisticated attacks aimed at compromising sensitive information and intellectual property. We employ various countermeasures and security controls, including training and audits, to protect against such attacks, but we cannot guarantee that all threat attempts will be successfully thwarted. Our company outsources certain business operations, including IT services, which exposes us to information security vulnerabilities and increases our global risks. We are also dependent on our outsourced partners to adequately protect our IT systems and those systems that we manage for our customers. The actions of our outsource partners could result in reputational damage and negatively impact our financial results. We have experienced challenges in budgeting and forecasting due to changes in the economy, which complicates our ability to estimate demand for our products and the associated IT capabilities required. Our business strategy includes expanding our solutions and services business, which requires the integration of multiple services, vendors, and technologies. This expansion will bring us into contact with new regulatory requirements and restrictions, such as data residency obligations. We expect to see growing demand for our managed services and smart public safety solutions, which help customers manage, support, and upgrade their networks. The complexity of communication networks has increased, and we have shifted our offerings to align with this technology trend. We have a broad, compelling product and services portfolio tailored for our mission-critical communications customer base. Our backlog position has improved, and we believe the funding environment of our largest government customers appears to be relatively healthy. However, we are experiencing challenges related to currency fluctuations. We continue to explore opportunities to transition our capital structure to reflect our ability to generate solid operating cash flow and prioritize targeted investments in the business. The integration of our IT systems with acquired businesses poses additional challenges, particularly in light of our ongoing ERP system implementation. We face risks associated with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems and achieving strategic objectives from acquisitions. Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and components, as well as services and software to meet customer demands, which are increasingly influenced by IT capabilities. We have entered into various agreements with non-U.S. governments and agencies that provide certain benefits, and any changes in our operations could result in lost benefits and increased costs. Our operations are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety laws that could impact our ability to grow our business and may subject us to unexpected costs and liabilities.