We have experienced significant decreases in our average selling prices per gigabit in recent years, which have adversely affected our business. Our gross margins are dependent upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes, including reducing the die size of our existing products. Factors that may limit our ability to reduce costs include strategic product diversification decisions affecting product mix and the increasing complexity of manufacturing processes. The semiconductor memory industry is highly competitive, and we face intense competition from companies that may have greater resources to withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets. Our competitors seek to increase silicon capacity, improve yields, reduce die size, and minimize mask levels in their product designs. Transitions to smaller line-width process technologies and product and process improvements have resulted in significant increases in the worldwide supply of semiconductor memory. Increases in worldwide supply, if not accompanied by commensurate increases in demand, would lead to further declines in average selling prices for our products and materially adversely affect our business. We are engaged in a capital-intensive business subject to significant changes in supply and demand and product pricing, which could result in our incurrence or assumption of indebtedness. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flow in the future, which is subject to various external factors. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory technologies, as our key semiconductor memory technologies face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. We have made significant investments in product and process technologies and anticipate expending significant resources for new semiconductor product development, including system-level memory products. Our process technology R&D efforts focus primarily on development of successively smaller line-width process technologies designed to facilitate our transition to next-generation memory products. We maintain operations and continuously implement new product and process technology at our manufacturing operations, which are widely dispersed in multiple locations. Our manufacturing processes require technologically advanced equipment and continuous modification to improve yields and performance. Difficulties in the manufacturing process or effects from a shift in product mix can reduce yields or disrupt production, which may increase our per gigabit manufacturing costs. Our operations require raw materials and services that meet exacting standards, and shortages may occur from time to time in the future. We are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower-cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to timely obtain this equipment could adversely affect our ability to transition to next-generation manufacturing processes and reduce costs. We have entered into strategic relationships to manufacture products and develop new manufacturing process technologies and products, which are subject to various risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. Our ability to effectively integrate the mmj companies as part of our global operations could be adversely affected if the Japan court or the legal trustee is unwilling to consent to various actions that we may wish to take. Our results of operations could be affected by natural disasters and other events in the locations in which we or our customers or suppliers operate. We manage and store on our network systems various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations, and breaches of our network security could expose us to losses.