nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the operations of nee and fpl are subject to the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. if nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised and nee and fpl could be unable to fulfill critical business functions. due to the size, scope and geographical reach of nee's and fpl's business, and due to the complexity of the process of power generation, transmission and distribution, the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging. any such failure or disabling event could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's ability to process transactions and provide services. nee and fpl add, modify and replace information systems on a regular basis. modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement information systems is costly and involves risks, including, but not limited to, integrating the modified, new or replacement system with existing systems and processes, implementing associated changes in accounting procedures and controls, and ensuring that data conversion is accurate and consistent. any disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources, and could negatively impact the effectiveness of the companies' control environment, and/or the companies' ability to timely file required regulatory reports. the retail businesses of nee and fpl require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business. if a significant breach occurred, the reputation of nee and fpl could be materially adversely affected, customer confidence could be diminished, or customer information could be subject to identity theft. nee and fpl would be subject to costs associated with the breach and/or nee and fpl could be subject to fines and legal claims, any of which may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl. the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs. threats of terrorism and catastrophic events that could result from terrorism, cyber attacks, or individuals and/or groups attempting to disrupt nee's and fpl's business, or the businesses of third parties, may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. there have been cyber attacks on energy infrastructure such as substations, gas pipelines and related assets in the past and there may be such attacks in the future. terrorist acts, cyber attacks or other similar events affecting nee's and fpl's systems and facilities, or those of third parties on which nee and fpl rely, could harm nee's and fpl's business, for example, by limiting their ability to generate, purchase or transmit power, by limiting their ability to bill customers and collect and process payments, and by delaying their development and construction of new generating facilities or capital improvements to existing facilities. these events, and governmental actions in response, could result in a material decrease in revenues, significant additional costs (for example, to repair assets, implement additional security requirements or maintain or acquire insurance), and reputational damage, could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's operations and could impair nee's and fpl's ability to raise capital.