We are dependent upon information technology systems in the conduct of our operations. Our information technology systems are subject to disruption, damage or failure from a variety of sources, including, without limitation, computer viruses, security breaches, cyber-attacks, natural disasters and defects in design. Cybersecurity incidents, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and the corruption of data. Various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to information technology systems and network disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of information technology disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. We could also be adversely affected by system or network disruptions if new or upgraded information technology systems are defective, not installed properly or not properly integrated into our operations. Various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to the system implementation and modification, but system modification failures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations and could, if not successfully implemented, adversely impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Our business activities are subject to significant risks, including those related to the availability of technology resources, which are critical for operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness. The exploration, development, production and mine closure activities are subject to regional, political, economic, community and other risks of doing business, including competition for the acquisition of attractive mining properties, which may involve significant technology deployment and investment decisions. The success of any acquisition would depend on a number of factors, including obtaining approval from regulatory authorities and potentially our shareholders, implementing our standards, controls, procedures and policies at the acquired business, and addressing any pre-existing liabilities or claims involving the acquired business. Our ability to successfully obtain key permits and approvals to explore for, develop and operate mines will likely depend on our ability to develop, operate and close mines in a manner that is consistent with the creation of social and economic benefits in the surrounding communities, which may or may not be required by law. The potential consequences of pressures to demonstrate that our activities benefit stakeholders, including employees, governments, and communities, could include reputational damage, legal suits, and increasing social investment obligations. Our operations require significant amounts of energy and are dependent on good relations with our employees, as production is reliant on their efforts. We maintain a management system designed to promote continuous improvement in health and safety, environmental performance and community relations, which are integral to our operational capabilities.