We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties. Additionally, if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or we are unable to implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service. The operations of carriers with which we interchange may adversely affect our operations. Our ability to provide rail service to customers in the U.S. and Canada depends in large part upon our ability to maintain cooperative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to, among other matters, data exchange and communications. We have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages; however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us. We may be affected by general economic conditions. Prolonged negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions affecting the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. Economic conditions resulting in bankruptcies of one or more large customers could have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. We face competition from other transportation providers. We are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads, and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. We are committed to improving our service and have added resources to meet the needs of our network. As a result of these efforts, in the latter part of the year we saw improvement in operational metrics and expect this to continue. We will continue to focus on safety, service levels, cost control, productivity, operational efficiency, and a market-based approach to pricing. We are one of the nation's premier transportation companies. Our Norfolk Southern Railway Company subsidiary operates approximately 20,000 miles of road in 22 states and the District of Columbia, serves every major container port in the eastern United States, and provides efficient connections to other rail carriers. We operate the most extensive intermodal network in the east and are a major transporter of coal, automotive, and industrial products. Strong volume growth in our intermodal and merchandise businesses driven by higher demand for rail services offset declines in our coal business. Our continued focus on cost control helped stem growth in operating expenses despite higher volumes. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. We have budgeted $2.4 billion for property additions, which includes technology investments of $70 million planned for new or upgraded systems and computers. We expect to spend $100 million on infrastructure improvements to increase mainline capacity, accommodate business growth, and provide our share of funding for various public/private partnership investments. We also expect to spend $220 million for the continued implementation of positive train control and anticipate spending over $450 million on related property additions post-2015.