We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions and maintenance of records, which may include personal identifying information. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of the data maintained in our information systems, our security measures may not be able to prevent the systems' improper functioning, or the theft of intellectual property, personal information, or personal property, such as in the event of cyber-attacks. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, result in theft of company assets, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have in-house information technology capabilities that support our business objectives. Our ability to generate cash in the future will depend on our ability to leverage our information systems effectively. The occurrence of disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us and the market price of our common stock. We expect that inflation will cause lease provisions to result in rent increases over time, which may also be influenced by the operational efficiency of our information technology systems. Our internal controls over financial reporting and our operating internal controls may not prevent or detect financial misstatements or loss of assets because of inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement accuracy and safeguarding of assets. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which is supported by our information technology capabilities. We face competition in the acquisition and operation of property, and our IT capabilities play a critical role in managing our operational processes and enhancing our competitive advantage. The integration of technology into our business processes is essential for maintaining our market responsiveness and operational flexibility. Our IT resources are integral to the management of our assets and internal processes, and their effective deployment is crucial for achieving our organizational goals. We rely on our information management capability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored to changing business needs and directions. Our IT capabilities have been evolving to encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes, enhancing our ability to respond to market dynamics and competitive pressures. The effectiveness of our IT systems directly impacts our operational efficiency and our ability to optimize our business processes. The reliance on information technology is critical for supporting our financial activities and ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements. Our IT architecture must adapt to the changing business environment to maintain our competitive positioning and support our strategic resource allocation decisions.