Our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services include, but are not limited to: controlling oneok partners' plants and pipelines with industrial control systems including supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA); complying with regulatory, legal, or tax requirements; and providing data security. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our financial results could also be affected adversely if an employee causes our operational systems to fail, either as a result of inadvertent error or by deliberately tampering with or manipulating our operational systems. In addition, dependence upon automated systems may further increase the risk that operational system flaws, employee tampering, or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. Due to increased technology advances, we have become more reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our businesses. We use computer programs to help run our financial and operations organizations, and this may subject our business to increased risks. In recent years, there has been a rise in the number of cyberattacks on companies' network and information systems by both state-sponsored and criminal organizations, and as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase. A significant failure, compromise, breach, or interruption in our systems could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, and a loss of customers or revenues. If any such failure, interruption, or similar event results in the improper disclosure of information maintained in our information systems and networks or those of our vendors, including personnel, customer, and vendor information, we could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy. Efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement, and maintain security measures may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant resources to remedy such events. Although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Our risk policies and procedures are intended to align strategies, processes, people, information technology, and business knowledge so that risk is managed throughout the organization. As conditions change and become more complex, current risk measures may fail to assess adequately the relevant risk due to changes in the market and the presence of risks previously unknown to us. Additionally, if employees fail to adhere to our policies and procedures or if our policies and procedures are not effective, potentially because of future conditions or risks outside of our control, we may be exposed to greater risk than we had intended. Ineffective risk-management policies and procedures or violation of risk-management policies and procedures could have an adverse effect on our earnings, financial position, or cash flows.