We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors beyond our control. Economic, political, and market conditions can adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. Any general weakening of corporate confidence in the global economy could cause customers to reduce or eliminate their information technology (IT) budgets and spending, leading to delays or cancellations of purchases of our products and services. Our revenues, particularly from new software licenses and hardware systems, are difficult to forecast, and a slowdown in IT spending can unexpectedly reduce conversion rates as purchasing decisions are delayed or canceled. Our cloud computing strategy, including our Oracle Cloud software-as-a-service, platform-as-a-service, and infrastructure-as-a-service offerings, may not be successful, and we may not be able to compete effectively or maintain the profitability of our cloud offerings. We continue to invest significantly in research and development to enhance our existing portfolio of products and services and to develop new products and services, which we believe are essential to maintaining our competitive position. Our offerings include a broad portfolio of software, cloud, and hardware offerings to enable customers to adopt a cloud computing strategy that meets their IT needs. We are a leader in core technologies of cloud computing, including database and middleware software, and our products and services are designed to work together in cloud and on-premise IT environments. Our hardware systems products are engineered to support diverse IT environments, including cloud computing environments, and we strive to provide operational cost advantages for our customers. We have invested billions of dollars to acquire companies, products, services, and technologies that enhance our existing offerings and expand our customer base. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services or enhance our existing products and support services in a timely manner, customers may not purchase or renew contracts for our software, hardware, or cloud offerings. Our reputation for secure and reliable product offerings is critical, and we invest significantly in protecting the integrity and security of our products and services. However, we encounter attempts by third parties to exploit vulnerabilities, which could lead to compromised data and negatively impact our brand and reputation. We rely on our IT capabilities to effectively support business needs, and our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources to further organizational goals. The integration of acquired companies into our Oracle Cloud strategy may not be as efficient or scalable as anticipated, which could adversely affect our ability to realize the benefits from these acquisitions. Our ability to manage our business operations, generate sufficient cash flows, and make strategic resource allocations is essential for our continued success in a competitive landscape.