Our success has been largely dependent on the efforts of certain key personnel. Experienced management and technical personnel are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense. We must also continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals. We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions and timely provide products to our customers. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches or other catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions. Such a disruption of our systems could negatively impact revenue and potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel and general business and economic conditions. We believe that our ability to open additional, profitable stores at a high growth rate will be a significant factor in achieving our growth objectives for the future. Business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our store hours, operability of our computer systems, and/or availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business. This may affect our ability to timely provide products to our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty. We believe the increased sales achieved by our stores are the result of store growth and the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and overnight access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broader selection of product offerings in most stores with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, a targeted promotional and advertising effort through a variety of media and localized promotional events, continued improvement in the merchandising and store layouts of our stores, compensation programs for all store team members that provide incentives for performance and our continued focus on serving both DIY and professional service provider customers. Our supplier financing programs enable us to reduce overall supply chain costs and negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers. Our accounts payable to inventory ratio was 94.6%, as compared to 86.6% in the prior year. The increase in accrued payroll-related liabilities during 2014, as compared to 2013, was due to the timing of pay period end dates versus check dates and timing of payments for employer obligations under certain benefit plans. We have developed sophisticated systems for monitoring the life cycle of a given product and, accordingly, have historically been very successful in adjusting the volume of our inventory in conjunction with a decrease in demand. Our policy is to not write up inventory in excess of replacement cost and, accordingly, we began effectively valuing our inventory at replacement cost in 2013. The complete depletion of our LIFO reserve during the year resulted from the acquisition cost improvements we realized over time. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above recent levels.