Occidental relies on electronic systems and networks to control and manage its oil and gas, chemicals, trading, and pipeline operations and has multiple layers of security to mitigate risks of cyber attack. If Occidental were to experience an attack and its security measures failed, the potential consequences to its businesses and the communities in which it operates could be significant. The company’s businesses are subject to the decisions of many federal, state, local, and foreign governments and political interests, which may restrict or prohibit activities of Occidental or its contractors, increase Occidental's costs, or reduce demand for Occidental's products. The oil and gas business operates in highly competitive environments, which affect its ability to make acquisitions to grow production and replace reserves. Results of operations, reserves replacement, and growth in oil and gas production depend, in part, on Occidental's ability to profitably acquire additional reserves. Occidental's acquisition activities carry risks that it may not fully realize anticipated benefits due to less-than-expected reserves or production or changed circumstances. The company seeks to limit its financial and political risks while maintaining a low debt to capitalization ratio and retaining sufficient cash on hand. Occidental's strategy includes increasing oil and gas segment production through development programs focused on large, long-lived conventional and unconventional oil and gas assets with long-term growth potential, and acquisitions. The company allocates and deploys capital with a focus on achieving returns well in excess of its cost of capital. Occidental's midstream and marketing segment strives to maximize realized value by optimizing the use of its assets, including its transportation and storage capacity, and by providing access to multiple markets. The segment evaluates opportunities across the value chain and uses its assets to provide services to other Occidental segments as well as third parties. Occidental's marketing and trading group markets substantially all of its oil, natural gas liquids, and gas production, trades commodities, and engages in storage activities. The marketing performance is affected primarily by commodity price changes and margins in oil and gas transportation and storage programs. Occidental continues to respond to economic conditions by adjusting capital expenditures in line with current economic conditions with the goal of keeping returns well above its cost of capital. The company’s chemical segment focuses on being a low-cost producer to maximize cash flow generation, concentrating on the chlorovinyls chain. Occidental's focus on chlorovinyls allows it to maximize the benefits of integration and take advantage of economies of scale. The company has performed a strategic review of its operations, which resulted in the restructuring and the separation or divestiture of various assets. This activity and further implementation of the strategic review may affect the market value of Occidental's common stock. The ongoing program of deepening wells and the transition to a horizontal drilling program in the Permian Basin are expected to yield more recovery from existing projects. Occidental's share of production in the Permian Basin was approximately 222,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2014, with significant opportunities remaining to expand existing projects into new portions of reservoirs. The company believes that its current plans and exploration and development efforts will allow it to realize its unproved property balance, and it continues to evaluate the financial viability of other parties with whom it is alleged to be jointly liable.