Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and if we do not effectively manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our operating results will be adversely affected. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We may experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems and processes or in connection with third-party software, which could disrupt existing customer relationships, cause us to lose customers, limit us to smaller deployments of our products, or increase our technical support costs. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate in the intended manner, may result in our inability to manage the growth of our business and to accurately forecast our revenue, expenses, and earnings, or to prevent certain losses. Our productivity and the quality of our products and services may be adversely affected if we do not integrate and train our new employees quickly and effectively. We have licensed technology from third parties to help us accomplish this objective. We must continue to improve our internal systems, processes, and controls to effectively manage our operations and growth. We may not be able to successfully implement improvements to these systems, processes, and controls in an efficient or timely manner. Our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud. We face intense competition in our market, and to succeed, we need to innovate and offer products that are differentiated from existing infrastructure products, as well as effectively hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the deployment of our platform with existing end-customers by selling additional products, to secure other areas of our end-customers' network and endpoints, and by upselling additional subscription services to provide increasing levels of enterprise security. This may require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts and may not result in additional sales. We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we continue to enhance our product and service offerings, broaden our installed end-customer base, expand our sales channels, expand our operations, hire additional employees, and continue to develop our technology. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our platform and services within existing end-customers, extend the length of service terms within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. Our growth strategy is dependent, in part, upon increasing sales of our products to medium and large enterprises. Sales to these types of end-customers involve risks that may not be present (or that are present to a lesser extent) with sales to smaller entities. We are seeking to disrupt the enterprise security market with our enterprise security platform. However, organizations that use legacy products and services for their enterprise security needs may believe that these products and services sufficiently achieve their purpose. If the market for enterprise security solutions does not continue to adopt our enterprise security platform, if end-customers do not recognize the value of our platform compared to legacy products and services, or if we are otherwise unable to sell our products and services to organizations, then our revenue may not grow or may decline, which would have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.