Our services may be adversely impacted by changes in technology or provide timely enhancements to our products and services: to maintain our growth strategy, we must adapt and respond to technological advances and technological requirements of our clients. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance capabilities and increase the performance of our internal use systems, particularly our systems that meet our clients' requirements. We continue to make significant investments related to the development of new technology. If our systems become outdated, we may be at a disadvantage when competing in our industry. There can be no assurance that our efforts to update and integrate systems will be successful. If we do not integrate and update our systems in a timely manner, or if our investments in technology fail to provide the expected results, there could be a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We rely upon information technology networks and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to support a variety of business processes. If we experience a problem with the functioning of key systems or a security breach of our systems, the resulting disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. We also collect, use, and retain large amounts of personal information about our clients and their employees that is critical to the accurate and timely provision of services to our clients. Vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. We believe continued investment in our technology is a key building block for future success. We continue to position ourselves to capitalize on the opportunities arising from the shift to SaaS solutions as we invest heavily in product development relating to our SaaS capabilities and mobile applications. Our Paychex next generation suite of innovative products and services includes a SaaS platform that combines the latest technology with superior customer service to provide human resource administrators a streamlined and integrated approach to workforce management. We support small-market companies through our core payroll and our SaaS SurePayroll product lines. Our SaaS solution through our MMS platform provides human resource management, employee benefits management, time and attendance systems, online expense reporting, and applicant tracking. Our primary goal is to support the success of our clients and their businesses through innovative technology solutions and outstanding personal service. We continue to focus on driving growth in clients, revenue, and profits. We are managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. We may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by disruptions or security breaches in the future. Such events may expose us to unexpected liability, litigation, regulatory investigation and penalties, loss of clients' business, unfavorable impact to business reputation, and there could be a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We introduced our new comprehensive solutions to help employers and employees with certain mandates under U.S. health care reform legislation. These offerings include Paychex employer shared responsibility service designed to make it easier for business owners to determine if the employer shared responsibility provision applies to them, and what actions they may need to take. The decision to expand into Brazil and further expand in Germany represents our focus on growth, specifically targeting product expansion through new markets and geographies. The complexity of federal and state regulations facing employers has continued to increase, over time, including the enactment of the act. As a service provider, we have a responsibility to our clients to help them understand their increased obligations under such regulations.