The company relies on information technology systems, including the internet and other computer systems, which may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. The company maintains protections to guard against such events. If the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted, or breached, it could result in negative impact on the company's operating results and also could cause reputational damage, business disruption, or the disclosure of confidential data. The company's financial services activities are funded primarily from collections on existing finance receivables and borrowings in the capital markets, with significant reliance on information management capabilities to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. The company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its portfolio segments, which includes evaluating the creditworthiness of customers and modifying accounts as necessary. The company's investments in worldwide capital projects and research and development have significantly increased operating capacity and efficiency of its facilities and the competitive advantage of the company's premium products. The company expects capital investments to be focused on enhanced powertrain development and increased operating efficiency for its factories and distribution centers. The global breadth of the financial services segment and its rigorous credit application process support a portfolio of loans and leases that earned a record pre-tax profit. The company is exposed to liquidity risk from the shorter maturity of short-term borrowings paid to lenders compared to the longer timing of receivable collections from customers. The company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, and access to capital markets will continue to provide sufficient resources and contribute to maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. The company’s operations are subject to various domestic and foreign requirements relating to the environment, and it believes its policies are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage. The company's management expects that its financial exposure to global financial conditions and its operating environments will not have a significant effect on its consolidated cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. The company routinely monitors its financial exposure and has no derivative counterparty credit exposures in certain countries experiencing significant financial stress. The company’s significant accounting policies are based on management estimates and involve judgment regarding various factors, including the likelihood of collecting current and past due accounts, repossession rates, and the recovery rate on the underlying collateral. The company’s experience indicates that the probability of not fully collecting past due accounts ranges between 20% and 80%. The company’s investments in technology and infrastructure are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business innovation, which are critical for maintaining competitive positioning in the market. The company’s reliance on IT capabilities underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support business strategies and work processes.