The utility's operational and information technology systems could fail to function properly or be damaged by third parties, severe weather, natural disasters, or other events, which could disrupt the utility's operations and cause unanticipated losses and expenses. The operation of the utility's extensive electricity and natural gas systems relies on evolving information and operational technology systems and network infrastructures that are becoming more complex as new technologies and systems are implemented to modernize capabilities to safely and reliably deliver gas and electric services. The utility's ability to serve its customers requires the continued operation of complex information technology systems and network infrastructure that are interconnected with the systems and infrastructure owned by third parties. The utility's business is highly dependent on its ability to process and monitor a very large number of tasks and transactions daily, many of which are highly complex. Despite the implementation of security measures, all of the utility's technology systems are vulnerable to disability or failures due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes. The failure of the utility's information and operational systems and networks due to a physical attack, cyber-attack, or other cause could significantly disrupt operations; cause harm to the public or employees; result in outages or reduced generating output; damage the utility's assets or operations or those of third parties; and subject the utility to claims by customers or third parties, any of which could have a material effect on the financial results. The utility's systems, including its financial information, operational systems, advanced metering, and billing systems, require ongoing maintenance, modification, and updating, which can be costly and increase the risk of errors and malfunction. The utility often relies on third-party vendors to maintain, modify, and update its systems, and these third-party vendors could cease to exist. Any disruptions or deficiencies in existing systems, or disruptions, delays, or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues, the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources, and could negatively affect the effectiveness of the utility's control environment and the utility's ability to timely file required regulatory reports. The utility's information systems contain confidential information, including information about customers and employees. The theft, damage, or improper disclosure of confidential information can subject the utility to penalties for violation of applicable privacy laws, subject the utility to claims from third parties, reduce the value of proprietary information, and harm the utility's reputation. The utility's ability to recover its costs also may be affected by the economy and the economy's corresponding impact on the utility's customers. For example, a sustained downturn or sluggishness in the economy could reduce the utility's sales to industrial and commercial customers or the level of uncollectible bills could increase. The utility's ability to recover its costs may also be affected by the loss of utility customers and decreased new customer growth, if the CPUC fails to adjust the utility's rates to reflect such events. The utility must manage these sources using the commercial and CPUC regulatory principles of "least cost dispatch" and prudent administration of power purchase agreements in compliance with its CPUC-approved long-term procurement plan. The utility's ability to recover the costs it incurs in the wholesale electricity market may be affected by whether the wholesale electricity market in California continues to function effectively.