The success of our businesses is dependent on our ability to continue providing safe and reliable service to our customers while minimizing service disruptions. Our computing systems may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, hostile technological intrusions or inadvertent disclosure of company and/or customer information or a cybersecurity attack may leverage our information technology to cause disruptions at another company. Cybersecurity threats to our operations include general business system and process interruption or compromise, including preventing us from servicing our customers, collecting revenues or the ability to record, process and/or report financial information correctly. If a significant cybersecurity event or breach should occur, it could result in material costs for repair and remediation, breach notification, operations and increased capital costs. We devote resources to network and application security, encryption and other measures to protect our computing systems and infrastructure from unauthorized access or misuse and interface with numerous external entities to improve our cybersecurity situational awareness. However, given the ever-changing nature of cybersecurity threats, there can be no assurance the steps we take can protect us against all possible occurrences. Our business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of required environmental upgrades and retrofits, construction and/or acquisition of additional generation units and transmission facilities and modernizing existing infrastructure. Our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital depend on numerous factors including, among other things, general economic and market conditions, the availability of credit from banks and other financial institutions, investor confidence, the success of current projects and the quality of new projects. We are also exposed to risks of equipment failures, accidents, severe weather events or other incidents that impact our ability to provide safe and reliable service to our customers and remain competitive. Our operations depend on the retention of a skilled workforce. The loss or retirement of key executives or other employees, including those with the specialized knowledge required to support our generation, transmission and distribution operations, could result in various operational challenges. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-moving economy and a cost-constrained environment, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business. We focus on controlling costs while maintaining safety and reliability and complying with applicable standards and requirements. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. Flexibility in our generating fleet has allowed us to take advantage of market opportunities presented during the year as we remain diligent in managing costs. We continue to invest capital in transmission and distribution infrastructure projects aimed at maintaining the reliability of our service to our customers. Our business has been impacted by established rules that create locational capacity markets in each of PJM, ISO-NE and NYISO. The existence of these rules has had a positive impact on our revenues. We are subject to numerous federal and state environmental laws and regulations that may significantly limit or affect our businesses, adversely impact our business plans or expose us to significant environmental fines and liabilities. We are subject to extensive environmental regulation by federal, state and local authorities regarding air quality, water quality, site remediation, land use, waste disposal, aesthetics, impact on global climate, natural resources damages and other matters.