Our ability to innovate effectively, respond to our competitors' initiatives, and efficiently manage complexity, while delivering high-quality products and services, is critical to maintaining or enhancing our competitive position; if we fail to do so, or if we are unable to maintain the advantage over our competition, our business could be materially adversely affected. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our business. This complexity may create barriers to implementing or defending certain new ideas or providing high-quality products and customer experiences, may require us to modify our business practices, to adopt new systems, or to upgrade or replace outdated systems, each at significant expense, and may lead to the increased possibility of error in executing our business strategies. We must make difficult decisions regarding the optimal allocation of available resources, such as information technology resources, for competing initiatives or projects. Our ability to develop and implement such strategic initiatives that are accepted and valued by our customers and create a sustainable advantage is critical, however, to maintaining or enhancing our competitive position. Our success depends on our ability to establish accurate loss reserves. Our financial statements include loss reserves, which represent our best estimate of the amounts that the subsidiaries ultimately will pay on claims that have been incurred, and the related costs of adjusting those claims, as of the date of the financial statements. Our business requires that we build and maintain large and complex computer systems to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data that we acquire, including the personal confidential information of our customers and employees and our intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive business and financial information. We also conduct significant business functions and computer operations using the systems of third-party vendors, which may provide software, data storage, communication, and other computer services to us. Our business is highly dependent upon our employees' ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, necessary business functions, such as internet support and 24-hour call centers, processing new and renewal business, and processing and paying claims and other obligations. Our facilities and systems could become unavailable, inoperable, or otherwise impaired from a variety of causes, including natural events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, severe winter weather and fires, or other events, such as explosions, terrorist attacks, computer security breaches or cyber attacks. Our business could be significantly damaged by a security breach, data loss or corruption, or cyber attack. Our ability to participate in financial networks is dependent on our compliance with applicable laws and regulations and with the complex rules of each network and any related industry supervisory authorities. If we fail to comply with legal requirements or a network's rules, we could be assessed significant monetary fines and other penalties, including, in certain cases, the termination of our right to use the applicable network or system. Our insurance subsidiaries may be limited in the amount of dividends that they can pay, which in turn may limit the holding company's ability to repay indebtedness, make capital contributions to its other subsidiaries or affiliates, pay dividends to shareholders, or repurchase its securities, or meet its other obligations. Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop, compensate, motivate, and retain talented employees, including executives, other key managers, and employees with strong technical, analytical, and other skills necessary for us to run our business. Our ability to manage this complexity effectively, to bring new ideas to market, to allocate and prioritize appropriately our resources, or to prevent errors, could experience a decreased ability to compete effectively for insurance business, poor experiences for customers, substantially increased costs, liability to third parties, the need to modify our business processes, regulatory investigations and sanctions, and damage to our brand.