The company may be subject to risks relating to its information technology systems. The company relies extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate its business. If these systems are damaged, intruded upon, shutdown or cease to function properly (whether by planned upgrades, force majeure, telecommunications failures, hardware or software break-ins or viruses, other cyber-security incidents or otherwise) and the company suffers any resulting interruption in its ability to manage and operate its business or if its products are affected, the company's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The markets in which the company operates are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and frequent introductions of new products and services. The company's ability to develop new products based on technological innovation can affect its competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources. Difficulties or delays in research, development or production of new products and services or failure to gain market or regulatory acceptance of new products and technologies may significantly reduce revenues and materially adversely affect the company's competitive position. The company regularly executes organizational changes such as acquisitions, divestitures and realignments to support its growth and cost management strategies. The company also engages in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies and cash flow and to reduce costs. The successful integration of new businesses and the success of joint ventures depend on the company's ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. If the company is unable to avoid these risks, its results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. To compete successfully, the company must excel in terms of product quality and innovation, technological and engineering capability, manufacturing and distribution capability, delivery, price competitiveness, and customer service. The company may be subject to risks arising from changes in the competitive environment in which it operates. The company's operations are subject to competition from a wide variety of global, regional and local competitors, which could adversely affect the company's results of operations by creating downward pricing pressure and/or a decline in the company's margins or market shares. The company expects to continue its strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services, and entering into joint ventures, which it believes will enhance its operations and profitability. However, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to continue to find suitable businesses to purchase or joint venture opportunities or that it will be able to acquire such businesses or enter into such joint ventures on acceptable terms. The company may be subject to risks arising from litigation, legal and regulatory proceedings and obligations. The company is subject to national and international laws and regulations, such as the anti-corruption laws of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, relating to its business and its employees. Despite the company's policies, procedures and compliance programs, its internal controls and compliance systems may not be able to protect the company from prohibited acts willfully committed by its employees, agents or business partners that would violate such applicable laws and regulations. Any such improper acts could damage the company's reputation, subject it to civil or criminal judgments, fines or penalties, and could otherwise disrupt the company's business, and as a result, could materially adversely impact the company's business, financial condition or results of operations. The company may be subject to risks relating to changes in the demand for and supply of its products, including increased competition in the markets the company serves.