We depend on information systems, both internally and through third parties, to conduct our business and could suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of, or security breaches affecting, those systems. As a large financial company, we handle a substantial volume of customer and other financial transactions virtually on a continuous basis. We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, and monitor our transactions. In recent years, PNC has increased substantially in size, scope, and complexity. We have also seen more customer usage of technological solutions for financial needs and higher expectations of customers and regulators regarding effective and safe systems operation. We expect these trends to continue for the foreseeable future. The need to ensure proper functioning of these systems has become more challenging, and the costs involved in that effort are greater than ever. We face a variety of types of cyber attacks, some of which are discussed in more detail below. Cyber attacks often include efforts to disrupt our ability to provide services or to gain access to confidential company and customer information. We rely on other companies for the provision of a broad range of products and services. Many of these products and services include information systems themselves or involve the use of such systems in connection with providing the products or services. We continually encounter technological change and we could falter in our ability to remain competitive in this arena. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. We have been investing in technology and connectivity to automate functions previously performed manually, to facilitate the ability of customers to engage in financial transactions, and otherwise to enhance the customer experience with respect to our products and services. Our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy customer demands and create efficiencies in our operations. A failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology, whether because we fail to anticipate customer expectations or because our technological developments fail to perform as desired or are not rolled out in a timely manner, may cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense. We also rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. Models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting losses, assessing capital adequacy, and calculating economic and regulatory capital levels, as well as to estimate the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning and our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs. We have policies, procedures, and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions, or breaches in security of information systems. Our technology risk management program is aligned with the operational risk framework. Technology risk represents the risk associated with the use, ownership, operation, involvement, influence, and adoption of technology within an enterprise. Management of technology risk is embedded into the culture and decision-making processes of PNC through an information and technology risk management framework designed to help ensure secure, sound, and compliant IT systems and infrastructure in support of business strategies and goals.