Our performance depends on the uninterrupted operation of our facilities, which are becoming increasingly dependent on our information technology systems. The inability to operate one or more of our facilities due to a natural disaster; power outage; labor dispute; or failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications, or other systems could significantly impair our ability to manufacture our products. Our manufacturing equipment is becoming increasingly dependent on our information technology systems. A disruption in our information technology systems due to a catastrophic event or security breach could interrupt or damage our operations. Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our customers using credit cards at our branded retail outlets. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Although we have experienced occasional, actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, none of these breaches has had a material effect on our business, operations or reputation (or compromised any customer data). Any such breaches could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of customer information, disrupt the services we provide to customers, and damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. We continue to focus on the following strategic priorities: maintain strong operating excellence, deliver profitable growth, enhance returns, grow shareholder distributions, and build on a high-performing organization. We strive to attract, train, develop and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and support our values and ethics. Throughout the company, we focus on getting results in the right way and believe success is both what we do and how we do it. We encourage collaboration throughout our company, while valuing differences, respecting diversity of thought, and creating a great place to work. We foster an environment of learning and development through structured programs focused on building functional and technical skills where employees are engaged in our business and committed to their own, as well as the company's, success. Our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, access to those markets, which could constrain our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. Our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. These laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations with respect to emissions into the atmosphere, the quantity of renewable fuels that must be blended into motor fuels, and the dismantlement, abandonment and restoration of our properties and facilities at the end of their useful lives. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of these laws and regulations. Our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk. Failure by us, or an entity in which we have a joint-venture interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and operations.