We are in the process of implementing an information technology (IT) solution, which could temporarily disrupt day-to-day operations at certain operating units. Continued development and implementation of the IT solution will require substantial financial and personnel resources. While the IT solution is intended to improve and enhance our information systems, implementation of new information systems at each operating unit exposes us to the risks of start-up of the new system and integration of that system with our existing systems and processes, including possible disruption of our financial reporting. There is no guarantee that we will realize economic or other intended benefits from continued development and implementation of the IT solution. Additionally, the IT solution may not be developed or implemented as timely or as accurately as planned. Failure to properly implement the IT solution could result in substantial disruptions to our business, including coordinating and processing our normal business activities, testing and recording of certain data necessary to provide oversight over our disclosure controls and procedures and effective internal controls over our financial reporting, and other unforeseen problems. Failure to adequately protect critical data and technology systems could materially affect our operations. IT solution failures, network disruptions, and breaches of data security could disrupt our operations by causing, among other things, delays in the processing of transactions or the reporting of financial results or the unintentional disclosure of customer, employee, or company information that could damage our reputation. While management has taken steps to address these concerns by implementing network security and internal control measures, there can be no assurance that a system failure or data security breach will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Our business is highly competitive, and we face competition from the in-house service organizations of our existing or prospective customers. Electric power and oil and gas service providers usually employ personnel who perform some of the same types of services we provide, and we cannot be certain that our existing or prospective customers will continue to outsource services in the future. We believe that our financial and operational strengths will enable us to manage these challenges and uncertainties, and we remain optimistic about our near-term and long-term opportunities. The economic feasibility of renewable energy projects, and therefore, the attractiveness of investment in the projects, may depend on the availability of tax incentive programs or the ability of the project developer to take advantage of such incentives. We believe that utilities remain committed to the expansion and strengthening of their transmission infrastructure with planning, engineering, and funding for many of their projects in place. The regulatory and environmental permitting processes remain a hurdle for some proposed transmission and renewable energy projects, and these factors continue to create uncertainty as to the timing of this spending. We anticipate many of these issues to be overcome and spending on transmission projects to be active over the next few years. We also believe that our overall size and breadth of service offerings provide competitive advantages that allow us to leverage opportunities driven by the development and production of resources from North American unconventional shale formations, the Canadian oil sands, and coal seam gas and unconventional shale formations in Australia.