Our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions, and upgrades of cdma, ofdma, and other communications technologies, as well as our ability to drive our customers' demand for our products and services. We develop, patent, and commercialize technology and products based on cdma, ofdma, and other communications technologies, which are primarily wireless. Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological change that could result in decreased demand and/or declining average selling prices for our products and those of our customers and/or licensees. Competition in wireless communications is affected by various factors, including the speed of technological change, value-added features that drive selling prices, and the ability of system technology to meet customers' immediate and future network requirements. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, technological changes, and relatively low barriers to entry in certain segments of the industry. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop innovative, differentiated integrated circuit products and technologies across multiple products and features, and to continue to drive the adoption of our integrated circuit products into the most popular device models. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in 3G, 3G/4G multimode, and 4G LTE technologies, as well as in new business models and industry segments. Our strategic activities are focused on opening new or expanding opportunities for our technologies and supporting the design and introduction of new products and services. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio, and pursue new businesses. Our business practices continue to be the subject of an investigation by the China National Development and Reform Commission, and we believe that certain licensees in China currently are not fully complying with their contractual obligations to report their sales of licensed products to us. We are taking steps to address these matters, although the nature and timing of any resolution is uncertain. We derive a significant portion of our consolidated revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, and our industry is experiencing an increasing concentration of device share among a few companies. The loss of any one of our significant customers or a reduction in their purchases could reduce our revenues and harm our ability to achieve or sustain expected operating results. Our licensing revenues are comprised of license fees as well as royalties based on sales by licensees of products incorporating or using our intellectual property. The continued and future success of our licensing programs can be impacted by the deployment of other technologies in place of technologies based on cdma, ofdma, and their derivatives. Our research, development, and other investments in new technologies, products, and services may not generate operating income or contribute to future operating results that meet our expectations. We must make substantial research, development, and other investments to compete successfully, and technological innovations generally require significant research and development efforts before they are commercially viable. Our ability to meet customer demand due to sole- or limited-sourcing and/or the additional costs incurred could negatively impact our business, revenues, and results of operations. We expect that certain companies may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world, which could impact our ability to collect royalties and limit our return on investment with respect to new technologies.