Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. These technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems in order to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations. A failure to keep pace with developments in technology or technological obsolescence could impair our operations or competitive position. We are subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of sensitive information, including risks related to compliance with applicable laws and other contractual obligations, as well as the risk that our systems collecting such information could be compromised. We rely on third-party vendors for certain services that are integral to the operations of our global businesses, including operation of a large part of our information technology systems. A failure to adequately monitor a third-party service provider's compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements could result in significant economic and reputational harm to us. Additionally, the considerable expansion in the use of social media and digital marketing over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by incidents involving our operations. Our ability to access additional funding as and when needed, our ability to timely refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms and our cost of funding will depend upon numerous factors including but not limited to the vibrancy of the financial markets, our financial performance and the performance of our industry in general. Our success depends on the strength and continued development of our cruise brands and on the effectiveness of our brand strategies. We must continue to sufficiently recruit, retain, train and motivate our employees to maintain our current business and support our projected global growth. We have a significant reliance on technology to facilitate our operations and enhance customer experiences. Our commitment to moderate capacity growth continues, and our anticipated growth through 2017 remains unchanged since the announcement of our double-double program. Our goals call for us to provide high quality products and deliver high quality services. We continue to see a nice boost in earnings from our equity investments, most notably in our partnerships, which contribute to our overall performance. Our ability to maintain our credit facilities may also be impacted by changes in our ownership base. We face significant competition from other cruise lines on the basis of cruise pricing, travel agent preference, and also in terms of the nature of ships and services we offer to guests. Our principal competitors within the cruise vacation industry include major players that are continuously innovating and enhancing their technology capabilities. The impact of disruptions in the global financial markets may affect the ability of our counterparties and others to perform their obligations to us. We have implemented a broad profitability improvement program with initiatives aimed at improving our returns on invested capital, which includes realizing economies of scale and improving service delivery to our travel partners and guests. Our financial performance is influenced by our ability to effectively leverage our technology resources and capabilities to enhance operational efficiency and support strategic decision-making.