We operate in an environment that involves significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to our information technology capabilities, which have been evolving in scope to encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes. Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. The size and complexity of our computer systems make us potentially vulnerable to IT system breakdowns, malicious intrusion, and computer viruses, which may result in the impairment of production and key business processes. Additionally, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches that could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information. Such disruptions and breaches of security could result in legal proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disruptions to our operations, and damage to our reputation. The successful commercialization of our marketed products, as well as our late-stage product candidates or new indications for our marketed products, will depend on obtaining and maintaining coverage and reimbursement for use of these products from third-party payers. We have established our own sales and marketing organization for Eylea in the United States, and our commercialization experience is still relatively limited. We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight with respect to Eylea, and if we fail to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose marketing approval, which would materially harm our business. Our ability to generate and grow sales of Eylea will depend, in part, on the extent to which our distributors and specialty pharmacies are able to provide adequate distribution of Eylea to healthcare providers. We rely on third-party collaborators, including Sanofi and Bayer Healthcare, and service providers such as contract research organizations and third-party manufacturers, to assist us in the manufacture and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates. If any of our existing collaborators or service providers breaches or terminates its agreement with us or does not perform its development or manufacturing services under an agreement in a timely manner or in compliance with applicable standards, we could experience additional costs, delays, and difficulties in the manufacture or development of, or in obtaining approval by regulatory authorities for, or successfully commercializing our product candidates. Our sales and potential profits would be materially harmed if we are unable to successfully commercialize Eylea or any of our product candidates. We are also subject to various foreign regulatory requirements governing human clinical trials, manufacturing, marketing, and approval of drugs, which may involve lengthy and expensive processes. Our ability to manufacture our products may be impaired if any of our manufacturing activities, or the activities of third parties involved in our manufacture and supply chain, are found to infringe patents of others. We are dependent on our key personnel, and if we cannot recruit and retain leaders in our research, development, manufacturing, and commercial organizations, our business will be harmed.