Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the performance of our common stock may be adversely affected by a number of risk factors, including potential disruptions in the supply chain or in information systems that could impact our ability to deliver product to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. In executing our off-price retail strategies and working to improve efficiencies, expand our store network, and reduce our costs, we face a number of operational risks, including our ability to improve our merchandising and transaction processing capabilities, and the reliability and security of our data communication systems, through implementation of new processes and systems enhancements. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations and intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. Our capital expenditures include costs for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems. We are forecasting approximately $450 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2015 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying, and corporate offices. Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. We expect to primarily fund capital expenditures with available cash and cash flows from operations. Our existing strategies and store and distribution center expansion programs may not result in a continuation of our anticipated revenue or profit growth. We cannot be sure that the gross profit margins realized in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012 will continue in future years. We regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements, including lease payment obligations, in 2015. Our capital expenditures over the last three years are set forth in the table below: total capital expenditures include costs to build or expand distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Our merchandise and operational strategies are designed to take advantage of the expanding market share of the off-price industry as well as the ongoing customer demand for name brand fashions for the family and home at compelling discounts every day. We cannot be sure that our strategies and store expansion program will result in a continuation of sales growth or in an increase in net earnings. The impacts from the macro-economic environment and financial and credit markets that affect consumer disposable income and consumer confidence, including but not limited to interest rates, recession, inflation, deflation, energy costs, tax rates and policy, unemployment trends, and fluctuating commodity costs, may also influence our operational capabilities and IT investments.