This form 10-K contains certain forward-looking information about us that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for "forward-looking statements" provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our ability to comply with financial and other covenants may be affected by changes in economic or business conditions or other events that are beyond our control. We seek to secure price increases necessary to offset higher costs, to maintain or improve operating margins, and to obtain adequate returns on our substantial investments in assets such as our landfills. Our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors and overall economic activity that are outside of our control, including consumer confidence and interest rates. The waste industry is highly competitive and includes competitors that may have greater financial and operational resources, flexibility to reduce prices, or other competitive advantages that could make it difficult for us to compete effectively. Our ability to execute our financial strategy depends in part on our ability to maintain investment grade ratings on our debt. We cannot assure you that we will succeed in executing our broad-based pricing initiatives, that we will generate sufficient cash flow to execute our financial strategy, or that we will be able to continue our share repurchase program. Our growth strategy places significant demands on our financial, operational, and management resources. To continue our growth, we may need to add administrative and other personnel, and may need to make additional investments in operations and systems. We may be unable to execute our acquisition growth strategy. Our ability to execute our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to identify and acquire desirable acquisition candidates and on our ability to successfully integrate acquired operations into our business. The integration of our operations with those of acquired companies may present significant challenges to our management. We also rely on a payment card industry compliant third party to protect our customers' credit card information. While we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, our preventive measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective. The theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential liability, and competitive disadvantage. Our operations also require the use of products whose costs may vary with the price of petrochemicals. We are also susceptible to increases in indirect fuel recovery fees from our vendors. We have entered into various interest rate swap agreements relative to our fixed rate senior notes due in May 2023. These transactions were entered into to reduce overall borrowing costs and rebalance our debt portfolio's ratio of fixed to floating interest rates. The effective portions of the changes in fair values of our outstanding fuel hedges have been recorded in stockholders' equity as components of accumulated other comprehensive income. We believe that presenting free cash flow provides useful information regarding our recurring cash provided by operating activities after expenditures for property and equipment. Our definition of free cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We are subject to an array of laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, and we remediate sites in the ordinary course of our business. Our environmental remediation liabilities primarily include costs associated with remediating groundwater, surface water, and soil contamination, as well as controlling and containing methane gas migration and the related legal costs. We periodically review the status of all environmental matters and update our estimates of the likelihood of and future expenditures for remediation as necessary.