Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by attacks on our information technology infrastructure and other business disruptions. Cybersecurity threats, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, both attacks to our IT infrastructure and attacks to the IT infrastructure of third parties in attempts to gain unauthorized access to confidential, classified or otherwise proprietary information of us and/or our employees, customers and other third parties. Such cybersecurity attacks could result in disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data (our own or that of third parties). We have experienced cybersecurity attacks and may continue to experience them going forward, potentially with more frequency. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, misappropriation, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems or networks, financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability, and/or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. We design, manufacture and service products that incorporate advanced technologies; the introduction of new products and technologies involves risks and we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. The product, program and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly, and we invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts to pursue advancements in a wide range of technologies, products and services. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules; execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of supplier and internally-produced parts and materials; performance of suppliers and subcontractors; hiring and training of qualified personnel; achieving cost and production efficiencies; identification of emerging technological trends in our target end-markets; validation of innovative technologies; the level of customer interest in new technologies and products; and customer acceptance of our products and products that incorporate technologies we develop. Our business may be affected by government contracting risks. U.S. government contracts are subject to termination by the government, either for the convenience of the government or for default as a result of our failure to perform under the applicable contract. If terminated by the government as a result of our default, we could be liable for additional costs the government incurs in acquiring undelivered goods or services from another source and any other damages it suffers. Our international operations subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency fluctuations, economic conditions and changes in local government regulation. We expect that sales to emerging markets will continue to account for a significant portion of our sales as our business evolves and as these and other developing nations and regions around the world increase their demand for our products. Emerging market operations can present many risks, including cultural differences, volatility in gross domestic product, economic and government instability, and the imposition of exchange controls and capital controls. We may encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with, or disposing of divested businesses from, our current operations; therefore, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions and divestitures. Our reliance on suppliers and commodity markets to secure raw materials, parts, components and sub-systems used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. Any of these events or factors could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.