The company faces operational risk, which is the potential for loss due to inadequate or failed internal processes, systems, and firms or exchanges handling client orders, or from external events and relationships impacting the company and/or any of its key business partners and vendors. This risk includes the risk of human error, execution errors, errors in models such as those used for asset management, capital management, risk management and compliance, employee misconduct, unauthorized trading, external fraud, computer viruses, distributed denial of service attacks, and natural disasters. The company's operations are highly dependent on the integrity of its technology systems and the company's success depends, in part, on its ability to make timely enhancements and additions to its technology in anticipation of evolving client needs. To minimize business interruptions, Schwab has two data centers intended, in part, to further improve the recovery of business processing in the event of an emergency. The company is committed to an ongoing process of upgrading, enhancing, and testing its technology systems, which is focused on meeting client needs, meeting market and regulatory changes, and deploying standardized technology platforms. The company relies on outsourced service providers to perform key functions, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of the company's confidential client, employee, or company information, could cause the company to incur losses and could harm the company's reputation. The company also faces operational risk when it employs the services of various external vendors, including domestic and international outsourcing of certain technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. The company manages its exposure to external vendor risk through contractual provisions, control standards, and ongoing monitoring of vendor performance. The company maintains policies and procedures regarding the standard of care expected with company data, whether the data is internal company information, employee information, or non-public client information. The company clearly defines for employees, contractors, and vendors the company's expected standards of care for confidential data. Regular training is provided by the company in regard to data security. Despite the company's risk management efforts, it is not always possible to deter or prevent technological or operational failure, or fraud or other misconduct, and the precautions taken by the company may not be effective in all cases. The company may be subject to litigation, losses, and regulatory actions in such cases, and may be required to expend significant additional resources to remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures. The company is actively engaged in the research and development of new technologies, services, and products. The company endeavors to protect its research and development efforts, and its brands, through the use of copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and contracts. The company has established a policy to describe the roles and responsibilities of all key stakeholders in model development, management, and use. The company has established policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and uses periodic risk self-assessments and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. The company maintains backup and recovery functions, including facilities for backup and communications, and conducts periodic testing of disaster recovery plans. The company is also dependent on the integrity and performance of securities exchanges, clearing houses, and other intermediaries to which client orders are routed for execution and settlement. Systems failures and constraints and transaction errors at such intermediaries could result in delays and erroneous or unanticipated execution prices, cause substantial losses for the company and for its clients, and subject the company to claims from its clients for damages. The company has exposure to credit risk due to its obligation to settle transactions with clearing corporations, mutual funds, and other financial institutions even if Schwab's client or a counterparty fails to meet its obligations to Schwab.