The regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and privacy is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer, employee, supplier or company information, whether through a breach of our computer systems, including cyber attacks or otherwise, could severely harm our business. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of the retailers, dealers, licensees and other third-party distributors with which we do business, may be vulnerable to security breaches, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer, employee, supplier or company information, whether by us or by the retailers, dealers, licensees and other third-party distributors with which we do business, could result in losses, severely damage our reputation, expose us to the risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We expect health, safety and environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon our industry and us in the future. Our costs to comply with these laws and regulations may increase as these requirements become more stringent in the future, and these increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. Our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate past and future acquisitions into our existing operations and if the performance of the businesses we acquire do not meet our expectations. The nature, cost, quantity and outcome of pending and future litigation, such as litigation arising from the historical manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paint, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity and financial condition. We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws and regulations, for which compliance could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. We are affected by new laws and regulations, and changes to existing laws and regulations, including interpretations by courts and regulators. Our ability to generate cash, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. Our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate that our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. We also depend on the business of our subsidiaries to satisfy our cash needs. If we cannot generate the required cash, we may not be able to make the necessary payments required under our indebtedness. Our ability to make payments on our debt, fund our other liquidity needs, and make planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. In addition, any failure to comply with covenants in the instruments governing our debt could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, would have a material adverse effect on us. We face substantial competition from many international, national, regional and local competitors of various sizes in the manufacture, distribution and sale of our paint, coatings and related products. Technology, product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service and price are the key competitive factors for our business. Competition in any of these areas may reduce our sales and adversely affect our earnings or cash flow by resulting in decreased sales volumes, reduced prices and increased costs of manufacturing, distributing and selling our products.