If we are unable to maintain technology leadership, this could adversely affect any competitive advantage we hold. If we are unable to continue to develop and produce competitive technology or deliver it to our clients in a timely and cost-competitive manner in the various markets we serve, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The tools, techniques, methodologies, programs and components we use to provide our services may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. We require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for our business. Competition for the personnel required for our businesses intensifies as activity increases. In periods of high utilization, it may become more difficult to find and retain qualified individuals. This could increase our costs or have other adverse effects on our operations. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks are circumvented or breached, this could result in the loss of our intellectual property or other proprietary information, including customer data, and disruption of our business operations. The increase in operational efficiency and the introduction of new technologies have been significant contributors to our revenue growth. The pressure pumping growth was augmented by improvements in operational efficiency and the introduction of new technologies. The increase in land revenue was driven by market share gains in pressure pumping, artificial lift and drilling services. The production group benefitted from strong results in well services, where pressure pumping activity increased through market share gains, operational efficiency improvements and the introduction of new technology. The introduction of new technology has been a key factor in our ability to enhance operational efficiency and drive revenue growth. Schlumberger's performance in 2014 was led by North America, where revenue grew by 16% on robust land activity, increased service intensity, market share gains and new technology penetration. The reduction in commodity prices raises short-term uncertainty as it relates to the spending and activity levels of our customers. However, Schlumberger continues to focus on the things it can control and has already restructured and resized the business to match the reduced activity levels it expects. The increase in international area margins reflected increased high-margin exploration activities, market share gains, growth in accretive integration-related activities and premium pricing on new technology introductions. The pressure pumping activity increased through market share gains, operational efficiency improvements and the introduction of new technology. The introduction of new technologies has been a significant driver of our revenue growth and operational efficiency. The ability to tailor our offerings in response to changing business needs and directions is a critical aspect of our IT capability. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals. The technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety and environmental risks. Our offerings involve production-related activities, radioactive materials, chemicals, explosives and other equipment and services that are deployed in challenging exploration, development and production environments. The technical requirements of environmental laws and regulations are becoming increasingly complex, stringent and expensive to implement. We incur, and expect to continue to incur, capital and operating costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities is essential for maintaining competitive advantage.