The traditional operating companies and southern power operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of an interconnected regional grid. The financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of its subsidiaries' electric generating, transmission, and distribution facilities and the successful performance of necessary corporate functions. Information technology system failure could negatively impact the ability of the traditional operating companies or southern power to generate, transport, and deliver power, or otherwise operate their respective facilities in the most efficient manner or at all. The traditional operating companies and southern power face ongoing threats to their assets, including physical and cyber attacks against their respective generation facilities, transmission and distribution infrastructure, and their information technology systems and network infrastructure. If the traditional operating companies' or southern power's assets were to fail, be physically damaged, or be breached and were not recovered in a timely way, they may be unable to fulfill critical business functions, and sensitive and other data could be compromised. The implementation of robust security measures is essential to protect against unauthorized access due to human error, natural disasters, technological failure, or internal or external physical or cyber attacks. Any physical security breach, cyber breach, or theft, damage, or improper disclosure of sensitive electronic data may also subject the applicable traditional operating company or southern power to penalties and claims from regulators or other third parties. The traditional operating companies and southern power are also subject to mandatory reliability standards enacted by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation and enforced by the FERC, which may subject them to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. Compliance with or changes in these mandatory reliability standards may require substantial operating and capital expenditures. The financial condition, net income, and cash flows of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power could be adversely affected by changes in technology that may make their electric generating facilities less competitive. Advances in technology or changes in laws or regulations could reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing power to a level that is competitive with that of most central station power electric production. The traditional operating companies and southern power may also face challenges in attracting and retaining an appropriately qualified workforce, which could negatively impact their ability to manage and operate their businesses effectively. The businesses of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power require substantial capital expenditures for investments in new facilities and capital improvements to transmission, distribution, and generation facilities, including those to meet environmental standards. Changes in technology may affect the channels through which electric customers buy or utilize power, which could reduce revenues or increase expenses. The traditional operating companies and southern power are dependent on their ability to successfully access funds through capital markets and financial institutions, and any inability to access funds may limit their ability to execute their business plans. The ultimate outcome of regulatory actions and compliance with evolving standards will significantly impact the operational efficiency and strategic capabilities of the southern company system.