New business technologies present a risk for attacks on our information systems and the integrity of our energy grid and our natural gas pipeline infrastructure and storage. Cybersecurity and the protection of our operations and other activities and our customer and employee information are a priority at Sempra Energy, SDG&E, and SoCalGas. Deployment of new business technologies represents a new and large-scale opportunity for attacks on our information systems and confidential customer information, as well as on the integrity of the energy grid and the natural gas infrastructure. While our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, to date we have not experienced a material breach of cybersecurity. Addressing these risks is the subject of significant ongoing activities across Sempra Energy's businesses, but we cannot ensure that a successful attack will not occur. An attack on our information systems, unauthorized access to confidential customer information, the integrity of the energy grid or the natural gas infrastructure, or one of our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. Our businesses will need to continue to adapt to technological change which may cause us to incur significant expenditures to adapt to these changes and which efforts may not be successful. We expect that emerging technologies may be superior to, or may not be compatible with, some of our existing technologies, investments, and infrastructure, and may require us to make significant expenditures to remain competitive or result in the obsolescence of certain operating assets. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes, to offer services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards and to recover all, or a significant portion of, any unrecovered investment in obsolete assets. If we incur significant expenditures in adapting to technological changes, fail to adapt to significant technological changes, fail to obtain access to important new technologies, or fail to recover a significant portion of any remaining investment in obsolete assets, our businesses, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Examples of technological changes that could impact our businesses include technologies that could change the utilization of natural gas distribution and electric generation, transmission and distribution assets including efficient battery storage technology, combined with the expanded cost-effective utilization of distributed generation. Risks related to the California utilities include the need for extensive regulation by state, federal, and local legislative and regulatory authorities, which may materially adversely affect us. The CPUC regulates the California utilities' rates, conditions of service, rates of depreciation, capital structure, long-term resource procurement, and rates of return. The CPUC conducts various reviews and audits of utility performance, safety standards and practices, compliance with CPUC regulations and standards, affiliate relationships, and other matters. These reviews and audits may result in disallowances, fines, and penalties that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows. Our businesses depend on counterparties, business partners, customers, and suppliers performing in accordance with their agreements. If they fail to so perform, we could incur substantial expenses and business disruptions and be exposed to commodity price risk and volatility, which could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, and/or prospects.