Our business is well diversified due to the broad range of products we offer to our customers. We believe that our ability to compete depends on high product performance, consistent high quality, short lead-time and timely delivery, competitive pricing, superior customer service and support and continued certification under customer quality requirements and assurance programs. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. The successful integration of new businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements of the financial performance of the acquired business. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. We believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. Our products are installed on almost all of the major commercial aircraft platforms now in production. We expect to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications. The aerospace industry, in particular, remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. We regularly engage in discussions with respect to potential acquisition and investment opportunities. We believe we are a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components for use on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in service today. Our business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our customers' planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and our customers' profitability. These items are, in turn, affected by general economic and geopolitical and other worldwide conditions. Our presence in both the commercial aerospace and military sectors of the aerospace industry may mitigate the impact on our business of any specific industry risk. We service a diversified customer base in the commercial and military aerospace industry, and we provide components to a diverse installed base of aircraft, which mitigates our exposure to any individual airframe platform. Our business is affected by the price and availability of the raw materials and component parts that we use to manufacture our components. Our business could be adversely impacted by factors affecting our suppliers or by increased costs of such raw materials or components if we were unable to pass along such price increases to our customers. We have a significant amount of indebtedness. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. The commercial aerospace industry had shown strength with increases in revenue passenger miles, or rpms, between 2003 and 2008, as well as increases in oem production and backlog. However, in 2009, the global economic downturn negatively impacted the commercial aerospace industry causing rpms to decline slightly. This market sector began to rebound in 2010 and positive growth has continued through 2014 with increases in rpms, as well as the growth in the large commercial oem sector with order announcements by the Boeing Company and Airbus S.A.S. leading to planned increases in production.