Our business is becoming increasingly reliant on technology investments, and the returns on these investments are less predictable than building new stores and remodeling existing stores. We are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to support our omnichannel efforts, implement improvements to our guest-facing technology, and evolve our inventory management system, information processes, and computer systems to more efficiently run our business and remain competitive and relevant to our guests. Our ability to create a personalized guest experience through the collection and use of guest data is important to our ability to differentiate from other retailers. The continuing migration and evolution of retailing to online and mobile channels has increased our challenges in differentiating ourselves from other retailers. We must compete by offering a consistent and convenient shopping experience for our guests regardless of the ultimate sales channel; providing and maintaining digital tools for our guests and team members that have the right features and are reliable and easy to use; and quickly and efficiently fulfill our guests' orders using the fulfillment and payment methods they demand. If we are unable to attract and retain team members or contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support our omnichannel efforts, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process guest transactions, manage and maintain the privacy of guest data, and communicate with our vendors and other third parties. A significant disruption in our computer systems and our inability to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and our ability to maintain guest confidence. We continually make significant technology investments that will help maintain and update our existing computer systems. Implementing significant system changes increases the risk of computer system disruption. The potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce our operational efficiency and could impact the guest experience and guest confidence. If our efforts to protect the security of information about our guests, team members, and vendors are unsuccessful, we may face additional costly government enforcement actions and private litigation, and our sales and reputation could suffer. Our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with guests across multiple channels, and our guests are using computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other devices to shop in our stores and online. We must anticipate and meet changing guest expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Our omnichannel retailing efforts include implementing new technology, software, and processes to be able to fulfill guest orders from any point within our system of stores and distribution centers, which is extremely complex and may not meet guest expectations for timely and accurate deliveries. If target.com and our other guest-facing technology systems do not appeal to our guests, reliably function as designed, or maintain the privacy of guest data, we may experience a loss of guest confidence, lost sales, or be exposed to fraudulent purchases, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. We are investing more of our overall resources, including capital, marketing, and product development to focus on signature categories and tailor our food assortment to support guest wellness goals and become more specialized with unique and differentiated items. Our ability to effectively execute our technology investments and manage our digital infrastructure is critical to maintaining our competitive advantage and ensuring operational efficiency.