The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully, in connection with all of the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K. We rely extensively on various information systems, including data centers, hardware and software and applications to manage many aspects of our business, including to process and record transactions in our stores, to enable effective communication systems, to plan and track inventory flow, to manage logistics and to generate performance and financial reports. Our computer systems and the third-party systems we rely on are also subject to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses or malware; security breaches; cyber-attacks; catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes; acts of war or terrorism and design or usage errors by our associates or contractors. Compromises, interruptions or shutdowns of our systems, including those managed by third parties, whether intentional or inadvertent, could lead to delays in our business operations and, if significant or extreme, affect our results of operations. We must continue to hire, train, manage and retain effective and qualified internal teams to support these systems. The efficient operation and successful growth of our business depends upon our information systems, including our ability to operate and maintain them effectively, to select appropriate internal teams and vendors to maintain or enhance them and to select and implement appropriate new technologies, systems, controls, hardware, software and applications and adequate disaster recovery systems successfully. We have taken steps designed to further strengthen the security of our computer system and protocols and have instituted an ongoing program with respect to data security, consistent with a consent order with the Federal Trade Commission, to assess the ongoing effectiveness of our information security program and to maintain and enhance our program as appropriate. However, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer a future data compromise, that unauthorized parties will not gain access to the information that we collect, store, process or transmit, or that any such data compromise or access will be discovered in a timely way. Our substantial size imposes demands on maintaining appropriate internal resources and third-party providers to support our business effectively. These demands may increase as we grow our business, adding pressure to management and various functions across our business, including administration, merchandising, store operations, distribution and compliance. If business information is not shared effectively, or if we are otherwise unable to manage our size or growth effectively, we may operate with decreased operational efficiency, which may adversely affect our success in executing our business goals and adversely impact our sales and results. We also need to appropriately allocate merchandise among our stores, timely and efficiently distribute inventory to stores, maintain an appropriate mix and level of inventory in each store, appropriately change the allocation of floor space of stores among product categories to respond to customer demand and effectively manage pricing and markdowns. Our ability to do so depends, among other things, on the integrity, security and consistent operations of our systems and related back-up systems. The failure of our information systems and the third-party systems we rely on to perform as designed, or our failure to implement and operate them effectively, could disrupt our business or subject us to liability and thereby harm our profitability.