Our information systems are vulnerable to continuously evolving data breach and information security risks. Cyber-attacks such as denial of service, other malicious attacks, unauthorized access or distribution of confidential information by third parties or employees, errors by third party suppliers or other breaches of security could disrupt our internal systems and applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers or protect the privacy and confidentiality of our confidential information. Although we have implemented and regularly review and update processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of sensitive data and to prevent data loss, the ever-evolving threats require us to continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes. We cannot assure you that our systems and processes will be adequate to safeguard against all information security breaches or misuses of data. The actions we take may not be adequate to repel a significant attack or prevent a breach, unauthorized access by third parties or employees or errors by third party suppliers. If we are subject to a significant attack or breach, unauthorized access, errors of third party suppliers or other security breaches, we may incur significant costs, be subject to regulatory investigations and sanctions and private litigation, and may suffer damage to our business reputation that negatively impacts customer confidence, any or all of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our reputation and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by system failures, business disruptions, and unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems. We rely upon our systems and networks, and the systems and networks of other providers and suppliers, to provide and support our services and, in some cases, to protect our customers' and our information. Failure of our or others' systems, networks and infrastructure may prevent us from providing reliable service, or may allow for the unauthorized use of or interference with our networks and other systems. Our business is complex, and it is not unusual for multiple vendors located in multiple locations to help us to develop, maintain, and troubleshoot products and services, such as network components, software development services, and billing and customer service support. We depend heavily on suppliers and other third parties in order for us to efficiently operate our business. Our business could be severely disrupted if key suppliers, contractors, service providers, or third-party retailers fail to comply with their contracts or become unable to continue the supply due to patent or other intellectual property infringement actions, or other disruptions. We are in the process of transferring our customer billing systems from our existing third-party vendor to a new third-party vendor. Any unanticipated difficulties, disruption or significant delays could have adverse operational, financial, and reputational effects on our business. We are in the initial stages of implementing a new customer billing system, which involves moving to a new platform through utilization of a phased deployment approach. If the implementation causes major system disruptions or if we fail to implement the new billing system in a timely or effective manner, customer experience may be negatively impacted, which could cause material adverse effects on our operational and financial performance. In addition, the third-party billing services vendor may experience errors, cyber-attacks or other operational disruptions that could negatively impact us and over which we may have limited control. Our ability to make payments on our debt, to repay our existing indebtedness when due, and to fund operations and significant planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which is in turn subject to the operational risks described elsewhere in this section. We cannot assure you that we will not discover material weaknesses in our IT controls or other aspects of our internal control over financial reporting in the future. The existence of one or more material weaknesses could result in errors in our financial statements, and substantial costs and resources may be required to rectify these or other internal control deficiencies.