The company depends in large part on its technology systems for conducting business and processing claims, as well as for providing the data and analytics utilized to manage its business. The business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource-efficient manner. The company has undertaken various actions to improve its underwriting margins on many of its insurance products, which include seeking improved rates, improved terms and conditions, and initiatives such as reducing operating expenses and acquisition costs. The competitive environment could be impacted by changes in customer preferences, including customer demand for direct distribution channels, which may adversely impact product differentiation and pricing. The use of comparative rating technologies has impacted the company’s business as well as the industry as a whole, facilitating the process of generating multiple quotes and increasing price comparison on new business and renewal business. The company anticipates that its new product, quantum auto 2.0, will continue to increase new business premiums. The company relies on internet applications for the marketing and sale of certain of its products and may increasingly rely on these applications and toll-free numbers for distribution. The company’s ability to deploy technology that collects and analyzes a wide variety of data points is crucial for making underwriting or other decisions. The company’s operations rely on the reliable and secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in its computer systems and networks. The company has experienced threats to its data and systems, and while it has not experienced a material breach of cybersecurity to date, the sophistication of these threats continues to increase. The company has increasingly outsourced certain technology and business process functions to third parties, which may expose it to increased risk related to data security or service disruptions. The company’s ability to effectively develop, implement, and monitor its outsourcing relationships is essential for realizing expected productivity improvements or cost efficiencies. The company’s investment strategy is to maintain a high-quality investment portfolio and a relatively short average effective duration, with a focus on assuring the company's ability to meet policyholder obligations. The company utilizes various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to analyze catastrophic events and the risks associated with them, which are critical for making underwriting and reinsurance decisions. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and calibrates its proprietary modeling processes to account for non-modeled losses. The company’s management believes that the reserves carried for asbestos and environmental claims are appropriately established based upon known facts, current law, and management's judgment, although uncertainties surrounding the final resolution of these claims continue. The company’s ability to manage its exposure to man-made catastrophic events involving conventional means may be limited due to considerations of public policy, the evolving political environment, and changes in the general economic climate. The company’s competitive position could be impacted by its ability to keep pace with changes in technology and information systems, which are essential for maintaining operational efficiency and achieving strategic objectives.