We are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. In particular, our volume production of Model S necessitates continued development, maintenance, and improvement of our information technology systems in the U.S. and abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems. These systems support our operations and enable us to produce Model S and future vehicles like Model X in volume. The implementation, maintenance, and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support, and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving, and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain, and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, sell, deliver and service vehicles, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. We cannot be sure that these expanded systems or their required functionality will be effectively implemented or sufficiently maintained. If we do not successfully implement, improve or maintain these systems, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired; and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. Our ability to grow volume production and deliveries for Model S is subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including that the information technology systems that we are currently expanding and improving upon will be effective to manage higher volume production. We are dependent on our suppliers, the majority of which are single source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to continue to deliver, or their refusal to deliver, necessary components of our vehicles in a timely manner at prices, quality levels, and volumes acceptable to us would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Our suppliers also must produce new products in sufficient quantities and quality to meet our demand. We continue to focus on supplier capabilities and constraints. Any disruption in increasing our production level of Model S in line with our plans could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Our long-term success will be dependent upon our ability to design, build, and achieve market acceptance of new vehicle models, specifically Model S and new vehicle models such as Model X and Model 3. Our ability to launch the Model X program on time and cost efficiently is dependent upon a variety of factors, including completion of production tooling, supplier readiness, engineering completion, and the successful completion of our validation testing. We expect to deliver approximately 55,000 Model S and X vehicles worldwide in 2015, approximately 74% more deliveries than we achieved in 2014. To support this growth, we plan to continue to expand our supercharger, stores, and service infrastructure worldwide as well as to provide better service in areas with a high concentration of Model S customers.