Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a rapidly changing technological environment. The markets we serve are characterized by rapid technological change that requires us to develop new technologies and products. We require significant capital to develop new technologies and products to meet changing customer demands that, in turn, may result in shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. The price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors. Our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to develop and license new intellectual property. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches of our information technology systems or those of our customers or suppliers. Breaches of our information technology systems or those of our customers or suppliers could be caused by computer viruses, unauthorized access, sabotage, vandalism or terrorism. These breaches could compromise our information technology networks or those of our customers or suppliers and could result in unauthorized release of our, our customers' or our suppliers' confidential or proprietary information, cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations, result in release of employee personal data, or cause us to incur increased information technology protection costs, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our business model is carefully constructed around several advantages that are unique to TI, including a strong foundation of manufacturing technology and low-cost production. We invest in manufacturing technologies that differentiate the features of our semiconductors, and we do most of our own production in-house as opposed to outsourcing it. This ability to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers. Our global sales force is larger than those of our competitors, and the breadth of our portfolio attracts tens of millions of visits to our website each year where customers often begin their initial product searches and design-in journey. Our business model focused on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. Our exit from legacy wireless products and the elimination of the wireless segment resulted in changes to our corporate-level expense allocations, which negatively affected analog and embedded processing profitability. Our performance depends on the availability and cost of raw materials, utilities, critical manufacturing equipment, manufacturing processes and third-party manufacturing services. Our manufacturing processes and critical manufacturing equipment, and those of some of our customers and suppliers, require that certain key raw materials, natural resources and utilities be available. Limited or delayed access to and high costs of these items could adversely affect our results of operations. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months.