Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences. The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces and both payer and patient expectations. Delivery system modernization and payment reform are critical and the alignment of incentives between key constituents remains an important theme. We are increasingly rewarding care providers for delivering improvements in quality and cost-efficiency. As of December 31, 2014, our contracts with value-based spending total nearly $37 billion annually, up significantly from recent years. This trend is creating needs for health management services that can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. Our ability to price adequately our products and services, to provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and to report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. If the information we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could lose existing customers, have difficulty attracting new customers, experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing, have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud, have disputes with customers, physicians and other health care professionals, become subject to regulatory sanctions or penalties, incur increases in operating expenses or suffer other adverse consequences. Connectivity among competing technologies is becoming increasingly important in the health care industry. A failure of our technology products to operate as intended and in a seamless fashion with other products could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Our information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We must also obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products, increase prices for certain regulated products, and complete certain acquisitions and dispositions or integrate certain acquisitions. The ongoing reductions to Medicare Advantage funding place continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. Our ability to manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and care management programs is critical. Our businesses compete throughout the United States, Brazil and other foreign markets and face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. The intensity of commercial pricing competition depends on local market conditions and competitive dynamics. If we fail to compete effectively to maintain or increase our market share, including maintaining or increasing enrollments in businesses providing health benefits, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Our relationships with producers could be materially and adversely impacted by changes in our business practices and the nature of our relationships to address these pressures, including potential reductions in commissions. If we are unable to maintain or grow satisfactory relationships with primary care physicians, or to acquire, recruit or, in some instances, employ physicians, or to retain enrollees following the departure of a physician, our revenues could be materially and adversely affected.