Disruptions in our information technology systems or a compromise of security with respect to our systems could adversely affect our operating results by limiting our capacity to effectively monitor and control our operations. Our information technology systems facilitate our ability to monitor and control our operations and adjust to changing market conditions. Any disruptions in these systems or the failure of these systems to operate as expected could, depending on the magnitude of the problem, adversely affect our operating results by limiting our capacity to effectively monitor and control our operations and adjust to changing market conditions. The security measures we employ to protect our systems may not detect or prevent all attempts to hack our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, phishing attacks, security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in or transmitted by the sites, networks and systems that we otherwise maintain. We may not anticipate or combat all types of attacks until after they have already been launched. If any of these breaches of security occur or are anticipated, we could be required to expend additional capital and other resources, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. We depend on cash on hand and cash flows from operations to make scheduled debt payments. Our growth strategies may be unsuccessful if we are unable to identify and complete future acquisitions and successfully integrate acquired businesses or assets. We have historically achieved a significant portion of our growth through acquisitions. We will continue to consider potential acquisitions on a selective basis, including potential growth opportunities for our trench safety, power and HVAC, and pump solutions specialty business. Our strategy calls for the further optimization of our customer mix and fleet mix, with a dual objective: to enhance our performance in serving our current customer base, and to focus on the accounts and customer types that are best suited to our strategy for profitable growth. We believe these efforts will lead to even better service of our target accounts, primarily large construction and industrial customers, as well as select local contractors. Our fleet team's analyses are aligned with these objectives to identify trends in equipment categories and define action plans that can generate improved returns. We are also continuing to pursue our overall cost reduction program, which resulted in substantial cost savings in the past. The extent to which these strategies will achieve our desired efficiencies and goals is uncertain, as their success depends on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. Our information technology systems and support play a crucial role in our operational capabilities and strategic management practices. We have made significant investments in technology resources to enhance our operational efficiency and support our growth initiatives. Our ability to maintain effective information management capabilities is essential for providing data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. We are committed to leveraging our IT capabilities to enhance our competitive advantage and adapt to market dynamics. The integration of digital technologies into our operations is a key focus area, as we seek to improve our organizational effectiveness and responsiveness to customer needs. Our strategic resource allocation includes investments in IT infrastructure to support our business transformation and operational flexibility. We recognize the importance of aligning our technology capabilities with our business strategy to drive performance improvements and achieve our organizational goals.