Adverse economic conditions may lead to an increased number of our consumer and business customers that are unable to pay for services. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on, among other things, our network quality, capacity and coverage, the pricing of our products and services, the quality of our customer service, our development of new and enhanced products and services, the reach and quality of our sales and distribution channels and our capital resources. It will also depend on how successfully we anticipate and respond to various factors affecting our industry, including new technologies and business models, changes in consumer preferences and demand for existing services, demographic trends and economic conditions. If we are not able to adapt to changes in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services, be unable to implement our business strategy and experience reduced profits. Our industry is experiencing rapid change as new technologies are developed that offer consumers an array of choices for their communications needs. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings and introduce new offerings to address our customers' changing demands. If we are unable to meet future challenges from competing technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost, we could lose customers to our competitors. We depend on various key suppliers and vendors to provide us, directly or through other suppliers, with equipment and services, such as switch and network equipment and handsets, that we need in order to operate our business and provide products to our customers. If these suppliers or vendors fail to provide equipment or service on a timely basis or fail to meet our performance expectations, we may be unable to provide products and services as and when requested by our customers. Cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business. Cyber attacks may cause equipment failures, loss of information, including sensitive personal information of customers or employees or valuable technical and marketing information, as well as disruptions to our or our customers' operations. The potential costs associated with these attacks could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain. Our inability to operate our wireline or wireless networks as a result of cyber attacks, even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses and/or loss of market share to other communications providers. The costs associated with a major cyber attack on Verizon could include expensive incentives offered to existing customers and business partners to retain their business, increased expenditures on cyber security measures and the use of alternate resources, lost revenues from business interruption and litigation. We expect our dependence on key suppliers to continue as we develop and introduce more advanced generations of technology. Changes in the regulatory framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations. New laws or regulations or changes to the existing regulatory framework at the federal, state and local, or international level could restrict the ways in which we manage our wireline and wireless networks, impose additional costs, impair revenue opportunities, and potentially impede our ability to provide services in a manner that would be attractive to us and our customers. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, power outages, terrorist attacks, other hostile acts and events beyond our control. These events could cause significant damage to our infrastructure upon which our business operations rely, resulting in degradation or disruption of service to our customers. Our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities.