This section discusses the most significant factors that affect our business, operations, and financial condition. Our investments in and acquisitions of health care and seniors housing properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations. We may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions into our existing operations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our proactive and comprehensive asset management process for seniors housing properties includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance. Our internal property management division actively manages and monitors the medical office building portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs, and market conditions. We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business. These indicators relate to operating performance, credit strength, and concentration risk. Management uses these key performance indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results, in making operating decisions, and for budget planning purposes. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute strategic and tactical plans designed to improve performance and maximize our competitive position. Our corporate governance guidelines provide the framework for our business operations and emphasize our commitment to increase stockholder value while meeting all applicable legal requirements. Our capital programs, combined with comprehensive planning, development, and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning, and monetizing real estate assets. We expect to re-invest the proceeds from any investment dispositions in new investments. Our growth could also increase our capital requirements, which may require us to issue potentially dilutive equity securities and incur additional debt. We are dependent on key personnel, and losing any one of them could have an adverse impact on our operations. We monitor our investments through various methods determined by the type of property. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. Permanent financing for future investments has historically been provided through a combination of the issuance of public debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption of secured debt. The capital raised, in combination with available cash and borrowing capacity under our primary unsecured credit facility, supported gross new investments for the year. Our ability to quickly sell or exchange any of our properties in response to changes in economic and other conditions will be limited. We believe that our and our tenants' insurance coverage is appropriate to cover reasonably anticipated losses. However, we are always subject to the risk that such insurance will not fully cover all losses. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business and result in the loss of confidential information. Our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential data and other electronic security breaches.