We rely on our information technology infrastructure to process, transmit and store electronic information, including information we use to safely operate our assets. While we believe that we maintain appropriate information security policies, practices and protocols, we face cybersecurity and other security threats to our information technology infrastructure, which could include threats to our operational industrial control systems and safety systems that operate our pipelines, plants and assets. The age, operating systems or condition of our current information technology infrastructure and software assets and our ability to maintain and upgrade such assets could affect our ability to resist cybersecurity threats. We could also face attempts to gain access to information related to our assets through attempts to obtain unauthorized access by targeting acts of deception against individuals with legitimate access to physical locations or information. Breaches in our information technology infrastructure or physical facilities, or other disruptions including those arising from theft, vandalism, fraud or unethical conduct, could result in damage to our assets, unnecessary waste, safety incidents, damage to the environment, reputational damage, potential liability or the loss of contracts, and have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position and results of operations. Our business could be negatively impacted by security threats, including cybersecurity threats and related disruptions. We face numerous risks that could cause our intentions to change from those statements of intention set forth in this report. The ability to recover expected insurance proceeds related to the geismar plant and the time required to return wpz's geismar plant to full expanded production following the explosion and fire at the facility on June 13, 2013, could be materially different than we anticipate and could cause our financial results and levels of dividends to be materially different than we project. Our projections of financial results and expected levels of dividends are based on numerous assumptions and estimates, including, but not limited to, the time required to return wpz's geismar plant to full expanded production and the amount and timing of insurance recoveries related to the June 13, 2013, explosion and fire at our geismar plant. We expect our total loss to exceed our $500 million policy limit, which would result in a total claim of approximately $72 million related to the repair of the plant and the remainder related to business interruption. We continue to work with insurers in support of all claims, as submitted, and are vigorously pursuing collection of the remaining $200 million insurance limits. Our ability to maintain and expand our natural gas transportation and midstream businesses depends on the level of drilling and production by third parties in our supply basins. We may not always have sufficient and accurate information to identify and value potential opportunities and risks or our investment evaluation process may be incomplete or flawed. Our growth may also be dependent upon the construction of new natural gas gathering, transportation, compression, processing or treating pipelines and facilities, ngl transportation, fractionation or storage facilities or olefins processing facilities, as well as the expansion of existing facilities. We also face all the risks associated with construction. These risks include the inability to obtain skilled labor, equipment, materials, permits, rights-of-way and other required inputs in a timely manner such that projects are completed on time and the risk that construction cost overruns could cause total project costs to exceed budgeted costs. We may not be able to successfully compete against current and future competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.