We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems to manage our operations, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. We also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our personnel, customers and suppliers around the world. System failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our customers, or delay our financial reporting. Such failures could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. In addition, we depend on third parties and applications on virtualized (cloud) infrastructure to operate and support our information systems. Failure by these providers to adequately support our operations or a change in control or insolvency of these providers could have an adverse effect on our business, which in turn may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. In connection with the IPO and the separation, we have substantially changed a number of our business processes, including our financial reporting and supply chain processes. In order to support the new business processes under the terms of our transitional services agreement with Pfizer, we have made significant configuration and data changes within some of our information technology systems. If our information and processes are not sufficient to support our business and financial reporting functions, or if we fail to properly implement our new business processes, our financial reporting may be delayed or inaccurate and our operations may be adversely affected and, as a result, our operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. We are implementing new business systems to support our operations, including an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system to better integrate our manufacturing, financial, commercial and business operations. There is risk associated with ensuring that the milestones, timelines and budget associated with these new systems stay on track. Transitioning to new systems, integrating new systems into current systems or any disruptions or malfunctions affecting our information systems could cause critical information upon which we rely to be delayed, unreliable, corrupted, insufficient or inaccessible. Any of these potential issues, individually or in aggregation, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. We may experience difficulties with the implementation of our enterprise resource planning system, which could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are engaged in a multi-year implementation of an ERP. The ERP is designed to accurately maintain our books and records and provide information important to the operation of our business to our management team. The implementation of the ERP will require significant investment of human and financial resources. In implementing the ERP, we may experience significant delays, increased costs and other difficulties. While we have invested significant resources in planning, project management and training, additional and significant implementation issues may arise. Any significant disruption or deficiency in the design and implementation of the ERP could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship product, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business. Any of these consequences could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our reputation as a global leader in animal health and our reliance on complex information systems make us inherently vulnerable to malicious cyber intrusion and attack. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Cyber-attacks could include wrongful conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, and other means to threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. A successful cyber-attack could cause serious negative consequences for our company, including the disruption of operations, the misappropriation of confidential business information and trade secrets, and the disclosure of corporate strategic plans.