Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The risk factors described represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our businesses and are important to understanding our business. We operate our business around the world, including in numerous developing economies where companies and government officials are more likely to engage in business practices that are prohibited by domestic and foreign laws and regulations. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we are continuously in the process of reviewing, upgrading, and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. A disruption of our data centers could have a materially adverse effect on our business. We host our applications and serve our clients from data centers that we operate and from data centers operated by third-party vendors. If any of our or our third-party vendors' data centers fail or become disabled, even for a limited period of time, our businesses could be disrupted, and we could suffer financial loss, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, globally, attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code, and viruses. We have programs in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data or cybersecurity incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our ability to grow and provide our clients with competitive services is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the skills to serve our clients. We have been and will be undertaking certain transformation initiatives, which are designed to streamline our organization, extend our world-class distribution, and strengthen our talent and culture while supporting our revenue growth, margin improvement, and productivity. If we do not successfully manage and execute these initiatives, or if they are inadequate or ineffective, we may fail to meet our financial goals and achieve anticipated benefits, improvements may be delayed or not realized, and our business, operations, and competitive position could be adversely affected. We have a strong business model and operate in a growing global market. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, and we continue to maintain a high percentage of recurring revenues and healthy margins, and retain our ability to generate consistent healthy cash flows. The future enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, or regulations and/or future enforcement actions or investigations could have a materially adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our businesses, and noncompliance could result in significant regulatory penalties and legal liability.