The following risk factors could materially and adversely affect Applied's business, financial condition, or results of operations and cause reputational harm. Applied must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage its resources and production capacity across its businesses to meet rapidly changing demand in the industries it serves. During periods of increasing demand for its products, Applied must have sufficient manufacturing capacity and inventory to meet customer demand, effectively manage its supply chain, attract, retain, and motivate a sufficient number of qualified employees, and continue to control costs. During periods of decreasing demand, Applied must reduce costs and align its cost structure with prevailing market conditions, effectively manage its supply chain, and motivate and retain key employees. If Applied does not effectively manage these challenges during periods of changing demand, its business performance and results of operations may be adversely impacted. Uncertain global economic and business conditions, along with uncertainties and volatility in the financial markets, pose challenges to the industries in which Applied operates. Economic uncertainty and related factors exacerbate negative trends in business and consumer spending and may cause certain Applied customers to push out, cancel, or refrain from purchasing equipment or services, which may adversely impact Applied's revenues, results of operations, and financial condition. If Applied does not appropriately manage its business operations in response to changing economic and industry conditions, it could have a significant negative impact on its business performance and financial condition. Applied must continue to invest in research and development and maintain a global business infrastructure to compete effectively and support its customers, which can have a negative impact on its operating margins and earnings. The ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is vital to Applied's success. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions, management changes, and increasing global competition for talent. The loss or retirement of employees presents particular challenges, especially involving knowledgeable and experienced employees, resulting in unexpected costs, reduced productivity, and difficulties with respect to internal processes and controls. Applied's success depends significantly on the protection of its patents, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights. If Applied is unable to enforce and protect its intellectual property rights, or if they are circumvented or invalidated, it could have an adverse impact on its competitive position and business. Applied is exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and incidents, which could result in business disruption, reputational damage, and increased cybersecurity protection costs. The failure to successfully implement enterprise resource planning and other information systems changes could adversely impact Applied's business and results of operations. Additionally, the company is subject to various risks related to environmental and safety regulations, which could result in significant costs and liabilities that could adversely affect Applied's business, financial condition, and results of operations. The need to comply with, or work to establish, industry standards and practices poses further challenges. Applied's ability to successfully expand its business into new and related markets may be adversely affected by various factors, including the complexity of managing multiple businesses and the need to develop new sales and technical marketing strategies. If Applied does not accurately forecast and allocate appropriate resources and investment towards addressing key technology changes and inflections, its business and results of operations may be adversely impacted.