This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. Our business is subject to risks that affect many other companies, including employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events, and international operations. We believe our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company are enabling us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities that deliver value to patients and stockholders. The dynamic environment of our industry is impacted by legislative actions changing U.S. federal reimbursement policy, which has and will continue to affect access to and sales of our products. The ongoing consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted in a few large insurers and pharmacy benefit managers exerting greater pressure in pricing negotiations, significantly increasing discounts and rebates required of manufacturers and limiting patient access and usage. We face risks relating to the reporting of pricing data that affects the reimbursement of and discounts provided for our products, and government price reporting regulations are complex and may require a manufacturer to update certain previously submitted data. We are also subject to risks associated with the potential for adverse financial or strategic developments at our suppliers, which could disrupt our operations. The impact of Hurricane Maria placed greater stress on Puerto Rico's economy, and ongoing economic challenges may negatively affect the territorial government's provision of utilities or other services that we use in the operation of our business. We rely on third-party suppliers for certain raw materials, medical devices, and components necessary for the manufacturing of our products, and adverse events such as shortages or labor disputes could limit our ability to satisfy demand for our products. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers, which may be impacted by capacity, labor disputes, and changes in forecasts of future demand. We continue to invest in the monitoring, protection, and resilience of our critical or sensitive data and systems, recognizing that our information technology systems are highly integrated into our business and are potentially vulnerable to breakdowns or service interruptions. Our operations and performance have been affected by global economic conditions, which may lead to reduced demand for our products. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities, sales of marketable securities, and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products over time to provide for revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched.