We face intense competition as our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, which places significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources. Our expansion increases the complexity of our business and may limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional business, legal, financial, and competitive risks. We may experience significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate, and our revenue growth may not be sustainable. A softening of demand, whether caused by changes in customer preferences or a weakening of the U.S. or global economies, may result in decreased revenue or growth. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and geopolitical events. As international physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail and other services grow, competition will intensify, and we may not be able to hire, train, retain, and manage required personnel, which may limit our international growth. We may not be able to optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers, which could result in excess or insufficient capacity or increased costs. Our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently and ship completed orders to customers may be negatively affected by various factors, including inclement weather and acts of war or terrorism. Our business could suffer if we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and other business relationships. We may not be able to enter into additional commercial relationships on favorable terms, and the disruption of our ongoing business could result from the variability in revenue and income from entering into, amending, or terminating such agreements. Our business could suffer if we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining acquisitions and investments, which create risks such as disruption of our ongoing business and additional operating losses. We depend on our senior management and other key personnel, and the loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees could harm our business. We face risks related to system interruption and lack of redundancy, which could prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders and providing services. Our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient. We are exposed to significant inventory risks that may adversely affect our operating results as a result of seasonality, new product launches, and rapid changes in product cycles and pricing. We endeavor to accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or understocking products. We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, which could result in significant financial and managerial resource expenditure. We are subject to various procurement regulations and other requirements relating to our contracts with government entities, and violations could result in civil and criminal penalties. We are also subject to payments-related risks, including regulations and compliance requirements that could disrupt our business. The law relating to the liability of online service providers is currently unsettled, and we may be unable to prevent sellers from engaging in unlawful activities. Our rapidly evolving business model and the volatility of our stock price could adversely affect our business and financing opportunities. We are subject to general business regulations and laws, and unfavorable changes could harm our business.