Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected. We have experienced increased demand for our products over the last several years, which has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and continue to hire, train and manage new employees as needed. We may not be able to successfully implement improvements to our systems and processes in an efficient or timely manner, and we may discover deficiencies in their capabilities or effectiveness. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate effectively, may result in disruption of our current operations and end-customer relationships, our inability to manage the growth of our business and our inability to accurately forecast our revenue, expenses and earnings and prevent certain losses. We expect our revenue growth rates to decline as the size of our customer base increases and we achieve higher market penetration in our current target market. Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and may increase the risk associated with your investment. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by rapidly growing companies in constantly evolving industries. If we do not address these risks successfully, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected. We must continue to enhance our existing products and develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends, evolving industry standards and changing end-customer needs. The process of enhancing our existing products and developing new technology is complex and uncertain, and new offerings require significant upfront investment that may not result in material design improvements or marketable new products. We may not be able to successfully anticipate or adapt to changing technology or end-customer requirements on a timely basis. If we fail to keep up with technology changes or to convince our end customers of the value of our solutions, we may lose customers, decrease or delay market acceptance and sales of our present and future products and services. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in a rapidly evolving market requires that we successfully release new products that meet the increasingly sophisticated networking requirements of our end customers. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We may be required to make substantial additional investments in research, development, marketing and sales in order to respond to competition, and we cannot assure you that these investments will achieve any returns for us or that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. Our business depends on end customers renewing their maintenance and support contracts. Any decline in maintenance renewals could harm our future business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. If we require or elect to seek additional capital through debt or equity financing in the future, we may not be able to raise capital on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our business is subject to regulation by various governmental agencies, and failure to comply with applicable government regulations could subject us to sanctions, mandatory product recalls, enforcement actions, fines or civil or criminal penalties. Our business is also impacted by the negotiation and implementation of free trade agreements, which can reduce barriers to international trade. We are subject to risks associated with the expansion of our international sales and operations, and our ability to grow our business and future success will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our operations and customer base worldwide.