The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Economic or political disruptions could cause, contribute to, or be indicative of deteriorating macro-economic conditions, which in turn could negatively affect travel to or from such countries or the travel industry in general and therefore have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Unforeseen events beyond our control, such as oil prices, stock market volatility, terrorist attacks, unusual or extreme weather or natural disasters, travel-related health concerns including pandemics and epidemics, political instability, changes in economic conditions, regional hostilities, imposition of taxes, tariffs or surcharges by regulatory authorities, changes in trade policies or trade disputes, changes in immigration policies or travel-related accidents can disrupt travel, limit the ability or willingness of travelers to visit certain locations or otherwise result in declines in travel demand. The uncertainty of macro-economic factors and their impact on consumer behavior, which may differ across regions, makes it more difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends and the timing and degree of their impact on our markets and business, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to effectively manage our business and adversely affect our results of operations. We believe that the opportunity to continue to grow our business exists for the markets in which we operate. Our growth has primarily been generated by our worldwide accommodation reservation service brand, which has been due, in part, to the availability of a large and growing number of instantly bookable properties. We intend to continue to invest in adding accommodations available for reservation on our platforms; however, the growth rate of our accommodations may vary in part as a result of removing accommodations from our platforms from time to time. We may also experience lower profit margins with respect to these properties due to certain additional costs related to offering these accommodations on our platforms. Our strategy involves continued expansion throughout the world. Many regions have different economic conditions, customs, languages, currencies, consumer expectations, levels of consumer acceptance and use of the internet for commerce, legislation, regulatory environments, tax laws, and levels of political stability, and we are subject to associated risks typical of international businesses. Our international businesses have historically achieved significant year-over-year growth in their gross bookings, which have generally declined, a trend we expect to continue as the absolute level of our gross bookings increases. Our strategy involves evaluating and potentially entering complementary businesses in furtherance of our mission. We have invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies and acquisitions. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including diversion of management's attention from current operations, greater than expected liabilities and expenses, inadequate return on capital, new risks with which we are not familiar, legal compliance obligations that previously did not apply to us, integration risks and difficulties, and unidentified issues not discovered in our investigations and evaluations of those strategies and acquisitions. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, motivate, and manage required employees, which may limit our growth, damage our reputation, negatively affect our financial performance, and otherwise harm our business. Our current and planned employees, systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage this growth and our future operations, especially as we employ employees in multiple geographic locations around the world.