The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Our ability to mitigate these risks may be impacted by the frequent changes to, and growth in complexity of, the techniques used to breach, obtain unauthorized access to, or sabotage IT systems and infrastructure, which are generally not recognized until launched against a target, possibly resulting in our being unable to anticipate or implement adequate measures to prevent such techniques. We have developed systems and processes designed to protect our customers' and our customers' customers' proprietary and other sensitive data, but we can provide no assurances that such measures will provide absolute security. We use a range of disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements. For many of our offerings, our production environment and customers' data are replicated in near real-time in a separate facility located elsewhere. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, pandemics, and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers. We also plan to invest additional resources in enhancing our cybersecurity measures and to continue to invest in our enterprise cloud computing services. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. Our corporate headquarters, and a significant portion of our research and development activities, information technology systems, and other critical business operations, are located near major seismic faults in the San Francisco Bay Area. We recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted, and we are committed to creating a sustainable, low-carbon future by delivering a carbon-neutral cloud. We have also significantly increased the diversity of our board over the past five years, including with respect to gender and race. Our corporate culture fosters dialogue, collaboration, recognition, and a sense of family. As our organization grows and expands globally, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of management. The technology industry is subject to substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing, and managing software and internet-related services, as well as competition for sales executives, data scientists, and operations personnel. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. We have from time to time experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring, developing, integrating, and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. We are also subject to risks associated with our strategic investments, including partial or complete loss of invested capital. Our ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet by third parties. The internet's infrastructure is comprised of many different networks and services that are highly fragmented and distributed by design. Any resulting interruptions in our services or the ability of our customers to access our services could result in a loss of potential or existing customers and harm our business.