We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. Our businesses have been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by various factors, including concerns about sovereign defaults, uncertainty concerning fiscal or monetary policy, and extreme weather events or other natural disasters. Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate, and we must continuously update our systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets. We maintain a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. Our operational risk management framework consists of the identification and rating of operational risks, on a forward-looking basis, and the related controls. We have established policies that require all employees to report and escalate operational risk events. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing, or lending positions, and underwriting activities, with our exposure to potential losses. We employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, although those techniques cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We seek to maintain broad and diversified funding sources globally across products, programs, markets, currencies, and creditors to avoid funding concentrations. Our liquidity position as of both December 2018 and December 2017 was appropriate, and we believe that our liquidity is stronger with greater balances of highly liquid unencumbered securities. We have established a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our stress tests are designed to ensure a comprehensive analysis of our vulnerabilities and idiosyncratic risks combining financial and nonfinancial risks, including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity and funding, operational and compliance, strategic, systemic, and emerging risks into a single combined scenario. We monitor our credit exposure to a specific country both at the individual counterparty level and at the aggregate country level. Our businesses have been and may be adversely affected by declining asset values, particularly for those businesses in which we have net "long" positions. We are also subject to the risk that our rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all circumstances. Our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and to manage operational risks effectively is critical to our organizational resilience. We have established a global business resilience committee responsible for oversight of business resilience initiatives, promoting increased levels of security and resilience, and reviewing certain operating risks related to business resilience. Our operational risk management framework is designed to maintain our exposure to operational risk at levels that are within our risk appetite, and we regularly assess our policies and procedures that address conflicts of interest in an effort to conduct our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards.