Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. The manner in which we respond to future developments as well as our competitors' reactions may affect our future operating results. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results, and we must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet changing customer needs. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We have devoted significant resources to develop products and services for users of alternative devices, but the versions of our products may not be compelling to users. If we are slow to develop products and technologies that are compatible with these devices, we will fail to capture a significant share of an increasingly important portion of the market, which could adversely affect our business. Our operations process a significant volume and dollar value of transactions daily, and business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services. We depend on a number of third parties, including vendors, developers, and partners who are critical to our business. A security incident involving third parties may have serious negative consequences for our businesses, including disclosure of sensitive customer data, loss of customer confidence, and material harm to our reputation. We are increasingly incorporating open source software into our products, which may introduce vulnerabilities that could be exploited by cybercriminals. As we expand our products and services, we may become subject to additional government regulation or increased regulatory scrutiny, which could limit our revenue opportunities and increase our cost of doing business. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Our business operations, data centers, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, human error, malicious attacks, and other events beyond our control. We regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. If our investments do not succeed, or if delays disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. We rely on our network and data center infrastructure for many of our development, marketing, operational, and financial reporting activities. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Our ability to comply with financial covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and if we breach any covenants, any outstanding indebtedness may be declared immediately due and payable. We are subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory inquiries that could result in costly litigation or require significant management time, which may adversely affect our business and future financial results.