Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will soon lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in human pharmaceutical research and development and the introduction of new products. Regulatory agencies continue to establish increasingly high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products. Delays and uncertainties in drug approval processes can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues that are lost as profitable products lose intellectual property exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so in the short-term or long-term would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and prospects. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new pharmaceutical products. Without strong intellectual property protection, we would be unable to generate the returns necessary to support the enormous investments in research and development and capital as well as other expenditures required to bring new drugs to the market. Our human pharmaceutical business is subject to increasing government price controls and other public and private restrictions on pricing, reimbursement, and access for our drugs, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation or business. We face intense competition from multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and lower-cost generic and biosimilar manufacturers, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our business. Significant economic downturns or international trade disruptions or disputes could adversely affect our business and operating results. While human pharmaceuticals and companion animal health products have not generally been sensitive to overall economic cycles, prolonged economic slowdowns could lead to decreased utilization of our products, affecting our sales volume. Declining tax revenues attributable to economic downturns increase the pressure on governments to reduce human health care spending, leading to increasing government efforts to control drug prices and utilization. We rely on third parties, including suppliers, distributors, alliances with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third-party service providers, for selected aspects of product development, manufacture, commercialization, support for information technology systems, product distribution, and certain financial transactional processes. Manufacturing difficulties or disruptions could lead to product supply problems. The failure or inadequacy of our IT systems, the compromise, loss, theft, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, or interference with our products and services that rely on IT systems, could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights; result in a product manufacturing interruption or failure; damage our operations, customer relationships, or reputation; or cause us to lose trade secrets or other competitive advantages. We have implemented measures to protect, detect, respond to, and minimize or prevent these risks; however, these measures may not be successful. If they are not successful, any of these events could result in material financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to our business.