We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, and implement change, growth, and productivity initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our business and reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, employee, vendor, or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information are constantly evolving, and high-profile security breaches have occurred in recent years. Our systems are additionally vulnerable to a number of causes, such as power outages, computer viruses, technology system failures, or catastrophic events. In the event that our systems are breached or damaged for any reason, we may suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or damage is being remedied. Should these events occur, the unauthorized disclosure, loss, or unavailability of data and disruption to our business may have a material adverse effect on our reputation and lead to financial losses from remedial actions. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, and changing demographics. If we do not successfully manage the transitions associated with the appointment of a new leadership team, it could have an adverse impact on our business operations. Our public image and reputation are critical to ensuring that our customers shop at Lowe's, and any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly. Strategic transactions involve risks, and we may not realize the expected benefits due to uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel and systems successfully. Our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transaction is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Our liquidity and access to capital rely on efficient, rational, and open capital markets and are dependent on our credit strength. Disruption in the financial markets or an erosion of our credit strength could negatively affect our ability to meet capital requirements or fund working capital needs.