Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. User engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure. Any number of factors could potentially negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if users increasingly engage with other competitive products or services, or if we fail to introduce new features, products, or services that users find engaging. We are unable to manage and prioritize information to ensure users are presented with content that is appropriate, interesting, useful, and relevant to them. Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that facilitate communication and the sharing of content and information. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We have in the past experienced interruptions in the availability or performance of our products from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. If our products are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected, users may not use our products as often in the future, or at all. Our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, power loss, terrorism, geopolitical conflict, cyber-attacks, or other catastrophic events. We may experience unforeseen difficulties in building and operating key portions of our technical infrastructure. Our products and internal systems rely on software that is highly technical, and if it contains undetected errors or vulnerabilities, our business could be adversely affected. Technologies have been developed that can block the display of our ads, which could adversely affect our financial results. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees may also be adversely affected by stock price volatility. We cannot assure you that we will effectively manage our growth. The growth and expansion of our business and products create significant challenges for our management, operational, and financial resources. As our operations and the number of our third-party relationships continue to grow, our information technology systems or our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support such growth. If we are unable to expand internationally and manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, our financial results could be adversely affected.