Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing necessary to fund our operations, make scheduled debt payments, and make adequate capital investments. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. We may face technological barriers to continue to shrink our products at our current or historical rate, which has generally reduced per-unit cost. Our competitors are working to develop new memory and storage technologies that may offer performance and/or cost advantages to existing technologies and render existing technologies obsolete. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships involve numerous risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations, including ongoing or future development, manufacturing, or operational activities. We may also be subject to litigation as a result of indemnities we issue, primarily with our customers, the terms of our product warranties, and from product liability claims. If production is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected or we may be unable to meet our customers' requirements and they may purchase products from other suppliers. This could result in a significant increase in manufacturing costs, loss of revenues, or damage to customer relationships. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. A downturn in the worldwide economy may harm our business. Adverse economic conditions affect demand for devices that incorporate our products, such as personal computers, mobile devices, SSDs, and servers. We have manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather and geological events, including earthquakes or tsunamis, that could disrupt operations or result in construction delays. Our international sales and operations are subject to a variety of risks, including export and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, customs regulations and processes, and restrictions on the transfer of funds. Our supply chain and operations are dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services. We are subject to counterparty default risks, including cash deposits, investments, capped call contracts on our common stock, and derivative instruments. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flows in the future. We cannot guarantee that we will successfully achieve performance obligations required to qualify for government incentives or that the granting agencies will provide such funding. Our inability to protect our intellectual property or retain key employees who are knowledgeable of and develop our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We maintain a system of controls over the physical security of our facilities and manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations. Breaches of our physical security and attacks on our network systems could result in significant losses and damage our reputation with customers and suppliers. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. We may incur additional restructuring charges in future periods, and we may not realize expected savings or other benefits from our restructure activities.