Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and if we do not effectively manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems, processes, and controls, our operating results could be adversely affected. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We may not be able to successfully implement or scale improvements to our systems, processes, and controls in an efficient or timely manner. Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Our ability to attract and retain new end-customers or sell additional products and subscriptions to our existing end-customers is influenced by various factors, including changes in end-customer, distributor or reseller requirements, or market needs. We must also navigate changes in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors or end-customers and strategic partnerships. Our growth strategy is dependent, in part, upon increasing sales of our products to new and existing medium and large enterprise end-customers, which involves risks that may not be present with sales to smaller entities. The complexity of our organization increases with future growth and requires effective coordination throughout. We may experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems, processes, and controls or in connection with third-party software licensed to help us with such improvements. Any failure to manage future growth effectively could result in increased costs, disrupt our existing end-customer relationships, reduce demand for or limit us to smaller deployments of our platform, or harm our business performance and operating results. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the deployment of our platform with existing end-customers, which may require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that may not result in additional sales. We rely on our channel partners to sell substantially all of our products, including subscriptions and support, and if these channel partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products and subscriptions will be limited, and our operating results will be harmed. The enterprise security market has grown quickly and is expected to continue to evolve rapidly. If we fail to accurately predict end-customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends, our business could be harmed. The technology in our platform is especially complex because it needs to effectively identify and respond to new and increasingly sophisticated methods of attack, while minimizing the impact on network performance. We believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe this model will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, and the expansion of sales and marketing activities. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. We are subject to various risks including environmental disruptions, operational management challenges, and the need for effective crisis management strategies to ensure organizational resilience and adaptability in a rapidly changing market environment.