The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also negatively impact our business and results of operations and require significant management time and attention. Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological change that could result in decreased demand and/or declining average selling prices for our products and/or those of our customers and/or licensees. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to attract new business and/or customers. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, the trend toward global expansion by foreign and domestic competitors, technological and public policy changes and relatively low barriers to entry in certain segments of the industry. Our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies across multiple products and features and to drive the adoption of our integrated circuit products into the most popular device models and across a broad spectrum of devices. We expect our business, particularly QCT, to continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies, and exacerbating the negative impact to our business and financial results if any of those companies do not utilize our chipsets. We continue to invest significant resources to develop our wireless baseband chips and our converged computing/communications chipsets, which incorporate technologies that contribute to the expansion of our intellectual property portfolio. We expect initial commercial 5G network deployments and device launches to begin in calendar 2019. We believe that 5G technologies will empower a new era of smartphones and connected devices. We also believe that 5G will drive transformation across industries beyond traditional cellular communications that will create new business models and new services. We expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and not welcome the success of our licensing program in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. We expect that such companies, and/or governments or regulators, will continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Our business may suffer as a result of existing, or new or amended, laws, regulations, policies or standards and/or our failure or inability to comply with laws, regulations, policies or standards. Our ability to achieve the anticipated cost savings and other benefits within the expected time frames is subject to many estimates and assumptions, which are subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Our growth increasingly depends on our ability to extend our technologies, products and services into new and expanded product areas, such as RF Front End, and adjacent industry segments and/or applications outside of traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, IoT and networking. We may also underestimate the costs of or overestimate the future revenues and/or margins that could result from these investments, and these investments may not, or may take many years to, generate material returns. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the security of our information technology systems. The misappropriation, theft, misuse, disclosure or loss or destruction of the intellectual property, or the proprietary, confidential or personal information, of us or our employees, customers, licensees, suppliers or other third parties could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives, cause us to lose business, damage our reputation, subject us to legal or regulatory proceedings, cause us to incur other loss or liability and/or otherwise adversely affect our business.