The risks that follow are those that we think, individually or in the aggregate, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements. Failure to execute our opportunistic buying strategy and inventory management could adversely affect our results. Our business model expects our merchants to effectively react to frequently changing opportunities and trends in the market, assess the desirability and value of merchandise and generally make determinations of how and what we source as well as when we source it. If we do not obtain the right merchandise at the right times, in the right quantities, at the right prices and in the right mix, our customer traffic, as well as our sales and margins, could be adversely affected. To respond to customer demand and effectively manage pricing and markdowns, we need to appropriately allocate and deliver merchandise to our stores, maintain an appropriate mix and level of inventory in each store, and be flexible in our allocation of floor space at our stores. Failure to continue to expand our business and operations successfully or to manage our substantial size and scale effectively could adversely affect our financial results. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding within our current markets and into new geographic regions, product lines, and channels and, as appropriate, adding new businesses, whether by development, investment or acquisition. Managing growth effectively can be difficult. Various circumstances could adversely affect our expansion plans. The large size and scale of our operations, our multiple banners and locations across the U.S., Canada, Europe, and Australia, and the autonomy afforded to the banners in some aspects of the business also increases the risk that our systems, controls, practices, and policies may not be implemented effectively or consistently throughout our company. These risks may increase as we continue to grow, particularly if we expand into additional countries. If business information is not shared effectively, or if we are otherwise unable to manage our size or growth effectively, our business may be adversely affected or we may need to reduce the rate of expansion or otherwise curtail growth, which may adversely affect our business plans, sales, and results. We believe that building the brand reputation of our company and our retail banners is important to our continuing success. Damage to the reputation of our company and our banners could result in declines in customer loyalty and sales; affect our vendor relationships, business development opportunities, and our ability to attract and retain quality associates; divert attention and resources from management, including to respond to inquiries or additional regulatory scrutiny; and otherwise adversely affect our results. Our business depends on our information technology systems, which collect and process information of customers, associates, and other persons, as well as information of our business and of our suppliers and service providers. Our ongoing operations and successful growth are dependent on accurately anticipating our current and future information technology needs and successfully developing and implementing appropriate systems that can provide the right support at the right time. Our strategies for managing financial risks and exposures may not be effective or sufficient. Economic conditions, both on a global level and in particular markets, including unemployment levels; availability of disposable income and actual and perceived wealth; energy and health care costs; and other factors could adversely affect discretionary consumer spending or shift trends in consumer spending. We have developed a plan to realign our European division's supply chain to reduce the volume of merchandise flowing between the U.K. and the EU and have established resources and systems to support this plan. We believe these steps will help us mitigate the operational risks that we expect could result from Brexit.