The company must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. We must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of our customers' products. If we fail to adequately predict our customers' needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. To address this issue, we are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets, allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects, expanding our service offerings, and continuing key customer initiatives. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. Significant developments stemming from the U.S. administration or the U.K.'s referendum on membership in the EU could have an adverse effect on us. Our business could be affected during this period of uncertainty, and perhaps longer, by the impact of the United Kingdom's referendum. Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business. Changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. Our pharma services offerings are highly complex, and if we are unable to provide quality and timely offerings to our customers, our business could suffer. A failure of our quality control systems could result in problems with facility operations or preparation or provision of products. Such problems could affect production of a particular batch or series of batches of products, requiring the destruction of such products or a halt of facility production altogether. Our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites. We rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products. Any significant disruption of those operations for any reason could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships and therefore adversely affect our business. We are subject to product and other liability risks for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. Our inability to complete any pending acquisitions or to successfully integrate any new or previous acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. The company has recorded significant goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on our balance sheet. Our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses. Our ability to comply with financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company has identified restructuring actions that will result in additional charges, and expects to identify additional actions during the year. The restructuring projects are expected to result in annual cost savings beginning in part in the current year and to a greater extent in the following year.