Our business, financial condition and results are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could materially affect our operations. We face significant competition on a local, regional, national and international basis, which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. To remain competitive, we may have to raise costs to our customers, and our customers may not be willing to accept these higher costs. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected. We are subject to complex and stringent regulation in the U.S. and internationally, which could increase our operating costs. Compliance with new laws and regulations may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. Our business is impacted by laws, regulations and policies that affect global trade, including tariff and trade policies, export requirements, taxes, monetary policies and other restrictions and charges. Increased security requirements could impose substantial costs on us and we could be the target of an attack or have a security breach. Severe weather or other natural or manmade disasters could adversely affect our business, resulting in decreased revenues or increased costs to operate our business. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from our international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business in international markets. The geographical diversity of our international operations helps ensure that we are not overly reliant on a single region or country, but we are continually exposed to changing economic, political and social developments that are beyond our control. We have significant capital investments in our business, which are tied to projected volume levels. If we do not accurately forecast our future capital investment needs, we could have excess capacity or insufficient capacity, either of which would negatively affect our revenues and profitability. We regularly monitor and manage our exposures to changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, and make use of derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in these rates on our financial position and results of operations. We are exposed to the effects of changing prices of energy, as well as gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, and interruptions in supplies of these commodities. We mitigate our exposure to changing fuel prices through our indexed fuel surcharges and we may also enter into hedging transactions from time to time. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of the UPS brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. A significant data breach or IT system disruption could adversely affect our business, financial results, or reputation, and we may be required to increase our spending on data and system security. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. Despite our best efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. We rely heavily on information technology networks and systems to manage or support a wide variety of important business processes and activities throughout our operations. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to various factors, including cyber-attacks, human errors or catastrophic events. Any of these events that impact our information technology networks or systems could result in disruptions in our operations, damage to our brand and reputation, regulatory scrutiny, and litigation and potential liability for us. We are committed to developing resilience strategies and mechanisms to enhance our operational flexibility and adaptability in the face of adversity and external pressures.