item 1a.       risk factors.
any of the risks and uncertainties described below could significantly and negatively affect our business operations, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings now and in the future, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline significantly. additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or risks that we currently consider immaterial, could also impair our business operations, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. the following discussion of risk factors contains "forward-looking" statements, as discussed in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-special note regarding forward-looking statements."
product, industry and operational risks increased pricing pressure and other restrictions in the u.s. and abroad continue to negatively affect our revenues and profit margins.
our products continue to be subject to increasing pressures across the portfolio from pharmaceutical market access and pricing controls, required rebates and other discounts, in the u.s., the eu and other regions around the world that result in lower prices, lower reimbursement rates and smaller populations for whom payers will reimburse. we expect that these market access constraints, pricing controls and discounting and other restrictions will become more acute as public and private payers continue to take aggressive steps to control their expenditures. our future revenues and profit margins could be negatively affected, including as a result of (i) changes in laws and regulations relating to the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products (including potential penalties for increasing prices over the rate of inflation, new discounts to fund a redesign of the medicare part d benefit, government negotiations/price controls that may establish a maximum allowed price/reimbursement rate), as well as other changes relating to federal healthcare programs, such as modifying the federal anti-kickback statute discount safe harbor and the ira, which includes a number of provisions intended to lower the costs of some drugs covered under medicare part d and medicare part b and to limit medicare beneficiaries' out-of-pocket spending under the medicare part d benefit, (ii) cost-cutting measures by federal healthcare programs, such as medicare and medicaid, mcos and other institutional and governmental purchasers, (iii) the grant of additional authority to governmental agencies to manage drug utilization and negotiate drug prices (including the implementation of the 2020 regulation issued by the u.s. federal government authorizing states and private parties to develop and implement programs to import certain prescription drugs from canada and sell them in the u.s., and the american rescue plan act of 2021, which eliminates the medicaid prescription drug rebate cap starting january 1, 2024), (iv) expanded utilization under the 340b drug pricing program ("340b program"), (v) competition related to placements on applicable commercial and medicare part d formularies; (vi) changes to u.s. federal pharmaceutical coverage and reimbursement policies and practices, (vii) the increased scrutiny of drug manufacturers (including any additional review of bms or celgene by the house oversight and reform committee), (viii) reimbursement delays, (ix) government price erosion mechanisms across europe and in other countries resulting in deflation for pharmaceutical product pricing, (x) the increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of medicare, medicaid and private sector beneficiaries, (xi) collection delays or failures to pay in government-funded public hospitals outside the u.s., (xii) developments in technology and/or industry practices that could impact the reimbursement policies and practices of third-party payers, and (xiii) inhibited market access due to real or perceived differences in value propositions for our products compared to competing products.
additionally, manufacturers who are found to have knowingly and intentionally overcharged 340b program covered entities could be subject to significant monetary penalties. over the course of the past few years, celgene had received inquiries from human resources and services administration regarding the limited distribution networks for revlimid, pomalyst, and thalomid and compliance with the 340b program. as part of our broader integration strategy and alignment of our distribution model (post our acquisition of celgene corporation) we had announced that beginning march 1, 2022, we would recognize up to two designated 340b program contract pharmacy locations per 340b program hospital that lacks an entity-owned pharmacy. although we believe that we have complied with, and continue to comply with, all applicable legal requirements, additional legal or legislative changes with respect to the 340b program may cause us to update our approach. significant changes to our sales or pricing practices with regard to the distribution of drugs under the 340b program, or any material changes in our u.s. payer channel mix, could have an adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. in addition, if we are required to pay penalties under the applicable regulations, there would be an adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. for additional information on pricing pressures and other constraints, refer to "item 1. business-pricing, price constraints and market access."
we may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products. our ability to replace revenue from products that lose patent protection is directly dependent on our ability to successfully commercialize new products in a timely manner.
as is common in the pharmaceutical industry, bms expects that sales of its key brand products like revlimid, pomalyst, sprycel and abraxane will decline after the loss of market exclusivity for such products. consequently, our future success is highly dependent on our pipeline of new products. there is a high rate of failure inherent in the research and development process for new drugs. as a result, there is a high risk that funds we invest in research programs will not generate financial returns. compounds or products may appear promising in development but fail to reach market within the expected or optimal timeframe, or at all. we have experienced setbacks and may continue to do so.
in addition, product extensions or additional indications may not be approved. furthermore, products or indications approved under the u.s. fda's accelerated approval program may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies and such studies may not be successful.
developing and commercializing new compounds and products involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including (i) efficacy and safety concerns or findings of superior safety or efficacy of competing products; (ii) delayed or denied regulatory approvals, including as a result of difficulties in enrolling patients and completing clinical trials in a timely manner; (iii) delays or challenges with producing products on a commercial scale or excessive costs to manufacture products; (iv) failure to enter into or implement optimal alliances for the development and/or commercialization of new products; (v) changes in regulatory approval processes and policies which may cause delays or denials of new product approvals; (vi) preclusion from commercialization due to intellectual property issues or disputes with third parties; (vii) failure in certain markets to obtain reimbursement commensurate with the level of innovation and clinical benefit presented by the product; and (viii) changing clinical preferences, changing industry standards, laws and regulations, or competitors' innovations, each of which may render new products or enhancements to existing products obsolete.
we are also unable to predict if and when any changes to laws or regulatory policies will occur and how they will affect our business and particularly our pipeline of new products.
regulatory approval delays are especially common when a product is expected to have a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy ("rems") program, as required by the u.s. fda to address significant risk/benefit issues, and we expect that certain of our future key products will be distributed in the u.s. primarily through a rems program. the inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected approval and related launch date of a new product could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. in addition, if certain acquired pipeline programs are canceled or we believe their commercial prospects have been reduced, we may recognize material non-cash impairment charges for those programs. finally, losing key molecules and intermediaries or our compound library through a natural or man-made disaster or act of sabotage could negatively impact the product development cycle.
we can provide no assurance when or whether any of our products under development will be approved or launched or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful. the public announcement of data from our clinical studies, or those of our competitors, or news of any developments related to our, or our competitors', products or late-stage compounds may cause significant volatility in our stock price and depending on the data, may result in an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. if the development of any of our key late-stage product candidates is delayed or discontinued or a clinical study does not meet one or more of its primary endpoints, our stock price could decline significantly and there may be an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. failure to do so in the short-term or long-term can have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition and prospects. there can be no assurance that our key product candidates would prove to be safe and effective or as safe and effective as other competing products, or that, even if approved, any such products will become commercially successful for all approved indications.
we could lose market exclusivity of a product earlier than expected.
in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, the majority of an innovative product's commercial value is realized during its market exclusivity period. in the u.s. and in some other countries, when market exclusivity expires and generic versions are approved and marketed or when biosimilars are introduced (even if only for a competing product), there are usually very substantial and rapid declines in a product's revenues.
market exclusivity for our products is based upon patent rights and certain regulatory forms of exclusivity. the scope of our patent rights, if any, varies from country to country and may also be dependent on the availability of meaningful legal remedies in a country. the failure to obtain or maintain patent and other intellectual property rights, or limitations on the use or loss of such rights, could result in a rapid loss of sales for any affected products which could be material to us. in some countries, including certain eu member states, basic patent protections for our products may not exist because certain countries did not historically offer the right to obtain specific types of patents and/or we (or our licensors) did not file in those countries. in addition, the patent environment can be unpredictable and the validity and enforceability of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. in addition, manufacturers of innovative drugs as well as generic drug manufacturers may be able to design their products around our owned or licensed patents and compete with us using the resulting alternative technology. absent relevant patent protection for a product, once the data exclusivity period expires, generic or alternative versions can be approved and marketed.
generic and biosimilar product manufacturers as well as other groups seeking financial gain are also increasingly seeking to challenge patents before they expire, and we could face earlier-than-expected competition for any products at any time. patents covering our key products have been, and are likely to continue to be, subject to validity, enforceability and infringement challenges in patent litigations and post-grant review patent office proceedings. although we are confident in the strength of our intellectual property rights, it may be possible for generic drug companies to successfully challenge our rights and launch their generic versions of our drugs prior to the expiration of our intellectual property rights. for example, following certain adverse judicial decisions in the uk and the netherlands, generic manufacturers have begun marketing generic versions of eliquis in the uk and netherlands, and may seek to market generic versions of eliquis in additional countries in europe, prior to the expiration of our patents, which may lead to additional infringement and invalidity actions involving eliquis patents being filed in various countries in europe. in addition, in order to avoid the uncertainty and expense of litigation, among other reasons, we may decide to enter into settlements with generic manufacturers that permit generic market entry prior to the expiration of our intellectual property rights. for example, as a result of patent settlements, generic entry for revlimid in the united kingdom began on january 18, 2022, and in various other european countries on february 18, 2022. similarly, in the u.s., following patent settlements, certain companies were granted volume-limited licenses to sell generic lenalidomide in the u.s. commencing in march 2022 or thereafter.
in some cases, manufacturers may seek regulatory approval by submitting their own clinical study data to obtain marketing approval or choose to launch a generic product "at risk" before the expiration of the applicable patent(s) and/or before the final resolution of related patent litigation. in addition, some countries are allowing manufacturers to manufacture and sell generic products, which negatively impacts the protections afforded the company. lower-priced generics or biosimilars for bms biologic products or competing biologics could negatively impact our volumes and prices.
in addition, both the u.s. congress and the u.s. fda have taken steps to promote the development and approval of generic drugs and biosimilar biologics, including by providing generic and biosimilar developers a private right of action to obtain sufficient quantities of drug samples from the reference product's manufacturer in order to conduct testing necessary to obtain approval for generic or biosimilar products.
there is no assurance that a particular product will enjoy market exclusivity for the full time period that appears in the estimates disclosed in this 2022 form 10-k or that we assume when we provide our financial guidance.
we face intense competition from other manufacturers and expect to see increasing market penetration of lower-priced generic products.
the future growth of bms is dependent on the market access, uptake and expansion for marketed brands, new product introductions, new indications, product extensions and co-promotional activities with alliance partners. competition is keen and as we lose exclusivity for some of our marketed brands lower-priced generic products will increasingly penetrate our markets. generic challenges to our products can also arise at any time, and our patents may not prevent the emergence of generic competition for our products. in some countries, patent protection is significantly weaker than in the united states or in the eu; political and social pressure has also pushed legislation and other measures that promote the use of generic and biosimilar products. for additional information, see "item 1a. risk factors-we could lose market exclusivity of a product earlier than expected."
in addition, we face competition from new products entering the market, particularly in io. new products may have (i) lower prices, (ii) superior efficacy (benefit) or safety (risk) profiles (whether actual or perceived), (iii) technological advantages that may make such products more convenient to use, (iv) better insurance coverage or reimbursement levels, (v) more effective marketing programs and/or other differentiating factors that make it harder for our products to compete. we cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products that treat diseases and conditions like those treated by our products and product candidates. business combinations among our competitors and major third-party payers may also increase competition for our products. if we are unable to compete successfully against our competitors' products in the marketplace, this could have a material negative impact on our revenues and earnings.
we could experience difficulties, delays and disruptions in our supply chain as well as in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our products.
our product supply and related patient access has been, and could in the future be, negatively impacted by difficulties, delays and disruptions in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our products. some of the difficulties, delays and disruptions include: (i) product seizures or recalls or forced closings of manufacturing plants; (ii) our failure, or the failure of any of our vendors or suppliers, to comply with cgmp and other applicable regulations or quality assurance guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages or delays in product manufacturing; (iii) manufacturing, quality assurance/quality control, supply problems or governmental approval delays; (iv) the failure of a supplier, including sole source or single source suppliers, to provide us with the necessary raw materials, supplies or finished goods within a reasonable timeframe and with required quality; (v) the failure of a third-party manufacturer to supply us with bulk active or finished product on time; (vi) construction or regulatory approval delays for new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for our biologics products, such as opdivo; (vii) the failure to meet new and emerging regulations requiring products to be tracked throughout the distribution channels using unique identifiers to verify their authenticity in the supply chain; (viii) other manufacturing or distribution issues, including limits to manufacturing capacity and changes in the types of products produced, such as biologics, physical limitations or other business interruptions; and (ix) disruptions in supply chain continuity, including from market forces (such as the recent stress on global logistics), natural disasters, global disease outbreaks or pandemics (including covid-19), acts of war or terrorism or other unforeseeable or unavoidable events that materially impact one or more of our facilities or a critical supplier.
in addition, manufacturing processes for novel cell-based therapies, such as car-t cell therapies, are still evolving, and our processes may be more complicated or more expensive than the approaches taken by our current and future competitors. our ability to source raw materials and supplies used to manufacture our car-t cell therapies and to develop consistent and reliable manufacturing processes and distribution networks with an attractive cost of goods could impact future anticipated revenue and gross profit for our car-t cell therapies. furthermore, we may face challenges with sourcing raw materials and supplies for clinical and, if approved, commercial manufacturing. logistical and shipment delays and other factors not in our control could prevent or delay the delivery of our product candidates and marketed products to patients. additionally, we are required to maintain a complex chain of identity and custody with respect to patient material as such material enters into and moves through the manufacturing process. as a result, even slight deviations at any point in the production process for our car-t cell therapies or in material used in our car-t cell therapies could result in loss of product or regulatory remedial action, which could adversely affect our future anticipated revenues and/or profitability related to our car-t cell therapies.
regulatory, intellectual property, litigation, tax and legal compliance risks litigation claiming infringement of intellectual property may adversely affect our future revenues and operating earnings.
we and certain of our subsidiaries are, and in the future may be, involved in various legal proceedings, including patent litigation, such as claims that our patents are invalid, unenforceable and/or do not cover the product of the generic drug manufacturer or where third parties seek damages and/or injunctive relief to compensate for alleged infringement of their patents by our commercial or other activities. resolving an intellectual property infringement claim can be costly and time consuming and may require us to enter into license agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. a successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject us to significant damages and/or an injunction preventing the manufacture, sale, or use of the affected product or products. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition.
adverse outcomes in legal matters could negatively affect our business.
current or future lawsuits, claims, proceedings and government investigations could preclude or delay the commercialization of our products or could adversely affect our operations, profitability, liquidity or financial condition, after any possible insurance recoveries where available. such legal matters include (i) intellectual property disputes; (ii) adverse decisions in litigation, including product safety and liability, consumer protection and commercial cases; (iii) anti-bribery regulations, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act or uk bribery act, including compliance with ongoing reporting obligations to the government resulting from any settlements; (iv) recalls or withdrawals of pharmaceutical products or forced closings of manufacturing plants; (v) the alleged failure to fulfill obligations under supply contracts with the government and other customers or under other agreements relating to our business; (vi) product pricing and promotional matters; (vii) lawsuits and claims asserting, or investigations into, violations of securities, antitrust, federal and state pricing, consumer protection, data privacy and other laws and regulations; (viii) environmental, health, safety and sustainability matters, including regulatory actions in response to climate change; and (ix) tax liabilities resulting from assessments from tax authorities.
we are subject to a variety of u.s. and international laws and regulations.
we are currently subject to a number of government laws and regulations and, in the future, could become subject to new government laws and regulations. the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations, or the negative results of non-compliance, could adversely affect our business, our operating results and the financial condition of our company. these laws and regulations control and regulate key aspects of our business including but not limited to (i) market access, pricing controls and discounting; (ii) tax liabilities, returns and payments; (iii) imports and other trade restrictions; (iv) intellectual property protection and enforcement; (v) good practice guidelines and regulations; (vi) accounting standards; (vii) data storage and privacy, particularly in the eu and the u.s.; (viii) requirements for reporting payments and other value transfers to healthcare professionals (such as those provided under the federal anti-kickback statute); and (ix) compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption practices of the u.s. and other countries.
in addition, the u.s. healthcare industry is highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes, including as a result of new judicial or governmental decisions. for example, the u.s. fda has indicated it is undertaking an industry-wide review of indications that received accelerated approval and for which the confirmatory studies did not meet their primary endpoints. also, we anticipate continued u.s. congressional interest in modifying provisions of the patient protection and affordable care act (the "aca"), particularly given its numerous legal challenges (such as the california v. texas case) and polarized public support. the revenues that we generate by the health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion under the aca are not material, so the impact of the change in law and similar recent administration actions is expected to be limited. any future replacement, modification or repeal of the aca may adversely affect our business and financial results, particularly if the legislation reduces incentives for employer-sponsored insurance coverage. we cannot predict how other future federal or state legislative or administrative changes relating to healthcare reform will affect our business. for additional information, refer to "item 1. business-government regulation" and "item 1. business-pricing, price constraints and market access."
changes to tax regulations could negatively impact our earnings.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various other countries globally. changes in tax laws and regulations can and do occur. for example, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tcja") reduced the u.s. tax rate to 21% and introduced broad and complex changes resulting in numerous new regulations and interpretations. significant judgment is required for determining the company's tax liabilities, and the company's tax returns are periodically examined by various tax authorities. we have faced, and may continue to face, audit challenges on how we apply a tax law or regulation. the ultimate resolution of any tax matters may result in payments greater or less than amounts accrued, which could have a negative impact on our provision for income taxes. in addition, our future earnings could be negatively impacted by further changes in tax legislation, including changes in tax rates and tax base such as limiting, phasing-out or eliminating deductions or tax credits, increase taxing of certain excess income from intellectual property, revising tax law interpretations in domestic or foreign jurisdictions, changes in rules for earnings repatriations and changes in other tax laws in the u.s. or other countries. notably, in july and october 2021 oecd/g20 inclusive framework agreed on the general rules for redefined jurisdictional taxation rights and a global minimum tax. in december 2022, the eu member states voted unanimously to adopt a directive implementing the pillar 2 (global minimum tax) rules giving member states until december 31, 2023 to implement the directive into national legislation. further details regarding implementation of these rules are expected and if implemented could have a material impact on our tax provision and results of operations.
the failure of third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory and other obligations could adversely affect our business.
we rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products, manage certain marketing, human resource, finance, it, data and other business unit and functional services and meet their contractual, regulatory and other obligations. using these third parties poses a number of risks, such as: (i) they may not perform to our standards or legal requirements, for example, in relation to the outsourcing of significant clinical development activities for innovative medicines to some contract research organizations; (ii) they may not produce reliable results; (iii) they may not perform in a timely manner; (iv) they may not maintain confidentiality of our proprietary information; (v) they may incur a significant cyberattack or business disruption; (vi) they may be subject to government orders or mandates that require them to give priority to the government and set aside pre-existing commercial orders; (vii) disputes may arise with respect to ownership of rights to technology developed with our partners; and (viii) disagreements could cause delays in, or termination of, the research, development or commercialization of the product or result in litigation or arbitration. moreover, some third parties are located in markets subject to political and social risks, corruption, infrastructure problems and natural disasters, in addition to country specific privacy and data security risks given current legal and regulatory environments. the failure of any critical third party to satisfactorily meet its obligations, including for future royalty and milestone payments; to adequately deploy business continuity plans in the event of a crisis; and/or to satisfactorily resolve significant disagreements with us or address other factors, could have a material adverse impact on our operations and results. in addition, if these third parties violate, or are alleged to have violated, any laws or regulations, including the local pharmaceutical code, u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, uk bribery act, the eu's general data protection regulation, and other similar laws and regulations, during the performance of their obligations for us, it is possible that we could suffer financial and reputational harm or other negative outcomes, including possible legal consequences.
product labeling changes for our marketed products could result in a negative impact on revenues and profit margins.
pharmaceutical products receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration. additional clinical trials, head-to-head studies, adverse events reports following the use of our products over longer periods of time and studies that identify biomarkers (objective characteristics that can indicate a particular response to a product or therapy) that are conducted after obtaining marketing approval for our products, and regulatory changes to standards regarding safety, efficacy or labeling, may result in product label changes or other measures that could reduce the product's market acceptance and result in declining revenues. sometimes additional information from new studies identifies a portion of the patient population that may be non-responsive to a medicine or would be at higher risk of adverse reactions and labeling changes based on such studies may limit the patient population. the studies providing such additional information may be sponsored by us, but they could also be sponsored by competitors, insurance companies, government institutions, mcos, scientists, investigators or other interested parties. while additional safety and efficacy information from such studies assist us and healthcare providers in identifying the best patient population for each product, it can also negatively impact our operating results. new information added to a product's label can affect its risk-benefit profile, leading to potential voluntary or mandatory recalls, withdrawals or declining revenue, as well as product liability claims. additionally, certain study results, especially from head-to-head studies, could affect a product's formulary listing, which could also adversely affect revenues.
in addition, if safety or efficacy concerns are raised about a third party's product in the same class as one of our products, those concerns could implicate the entire class and this, in turn, could have an adverse impact on the availability or commercial viability of our product(s) as well as other products in the class.
the illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit or unregistered versions of our products or stolen products could have a negative impact on our revenues, earnings, reputation and business.
third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products, which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. a patient who receives a counterfeit drug or a product diverted from its authorized market may be at risk for a number of dangerous health consequences. our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit drugs sold under our brand name or diverted products. the prevalence of counterfeit medicines is an industry-wide issue due to a variety of factors, including the adoption of e-commerce, which increased during the covid-19 pandemic, greatly enhancing consumers' ability to obtain prescriptions and other medical treatments via the internet in lieu of traditional brick and mortar pharmacies. the internet exposes patients to greater risk as it is a preferred vehicle for dangerous counterfeit offers and scams because of the anonymity it affords counterfeiters.
thefts of inventory at warehouses, plants or while in-transit, which are then not properly stored and are later sold through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact patient safety, our reputation and our business. in addition, diversion of products from their authorized market into other channels may result in reduced revenues and negatively affect our profitability.
increased use of social media platforms presents risks and challenges.
we are increasing our use of social media to communicate company news and events. the inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of social media could cause brand damage or information leakage and may give rise to liability, including from the improper collection and/or dissemination of personally identifiable information from employees, patients, healthcare professionals or other stakeholders. in addition, negative or inaccurate posts or comments about us on any social networking website could damage our reputation, brand image and goodwill and may cause significant volatility in our stock price. further, the disclosure of non-public company-sensitive information by our workforce or others, whether intentional or unintentional, through external media channels could lead to loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, as well as the company's commercially sensitive information.
information technology and cybersecurity risks we are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity breaches and data leakage.
we rely extensively on information technology systems, networks and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools, physical security systems and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used for third-parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. a significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure, by our workforce, others with authorized access to our systems or unauthorized persons could negatively impact operations. the ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction or modification of confidential information stored in our, or our third-party providers' systems, portable media or storage devices. we could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage, either internally or at our third-party providers. as the covid-19 pandemic progressed, we observed an increase in cybersecurity incidents across the industry, predominantly ransomware and social engineering attacks. further, government entities have also been the subject of cyberattacks. as the cyber-threat landscape evolves, these attacks are growing in frequency, sophistication and intensity, and due to the nature of some of these attacks, there is also a risk that they may remain undetected for a period of time. although the aggregate impact of cybersecurity breaches and data leakage on our operations and financial condition have not been material to date, we have been the target of cyber-attacks and expect them to continue as cybersecurity threats have been rapidly evolving in sophistication and becoming more prevalent in the industry. we have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and it to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. while we maintain cyber insurance, this insurance may not, however, be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. there can be no assurance that our continuing efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches to our or our third-party providers' databases or systems that could adversely affect our business.
strategic, business development and employee attraction and retention risks we depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows and earnings.
we derive a majority of our revenue and earnings from several key products. we expect that revlimid, eliquis, and opdivo will represent a significant percentage of our revenue, earnings and cash flows during the next few years. a reduction in revenue from any of these products due to loss of market exclusivity or other factors could adversely impact our earnings and cash flows. for additional information, see "item 1a. risk factors-we could lose market exclusivity of a product earlier than expected."
also, if one of our major products were to become subject to issues such as loss of patent protection, significant changes in demand, formulary access changes, material product liability, unexpected side effects, regulatory proceedings, negative publicity, supply disruption from our manufacturing operations or third-party supplier or a significant advancement of competing products, we may incur an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or the trading price of our stock.
third-party royalties represent a significant percentage of our pretax income and operating cash flow.
we have entered into several arrangements which entitle us to potential royalties from third parties for out-licensed intellectual property, commercialization rights and sales-based contingent proceeds related to the divestiture of businesses. in many of these arrangements we have minimal, if any, continuing involvement that contribute to the financial success of those activities. royalties have continued to represent a significant percentage of our pretax income, including royalties related to the divestiture of our diabetes business (including the transfer of certain future royalty rights pertaining to amylin, onglyza* and farxiga* product sales), out-licensed intellectual property and the merck patent infringement settlement. pretax income generated from royalties was approximately $2.5 billion in 2022. our pretax income could be adversely affected if the royalty streams decline in future periods.
failure to execute our business strategy or to identify and effectively manage acquisitions, divestitures, alliances, joint ventures and other portfolio actions could adversely impact our growth and profitability and our future results. in addition, any businesses or assets that we acquire in the future may underperform, we may not be able to successfully integrate them into our existing business and the occurrence of a number of unexpected factors could prevent or substantially delay the consummation of an anticipated acquisition, divestiture or merger.
our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. to support future revenue growth and maintain an adequate pipeline, we have acquired, or in-licensed, a number of assets and we expect to continue to support our pipeline with compounds or products obtained through licensing and acquisitions. competition among pharmaceutical companies for acquisition and product licensing opportunities is intense, and we may not be able to locate suitable acquisition targets or licensing partners at reasonable prices, or successfully execute such transactions. if we are unable to consistently maintain an adequate pipeline, whether through internal r&d programs or transactions with third parties or if we are unable to support and grow our marketed products, successfully execute the launches of newly approved products, advance our late-stage pipeline, manage change from our operating model evolution or manage our costs effectively, our operating results and financial condition could be negatively impacted.
additionally, future revenues, profits and cash flows of an acquired company's products, technologies and pipeline candidates may not materialize due to low product uptake, delayed or missed pipeline opportunities, the inability to capture expected synergies resulting from cost savings and avoidance, increased competition, safety concerns, regulatory issues, supply chain problems or other factors beyond our control. substantial difficulties, costs and delays could result from integrating our acquisitions, including for: (i) r&d, manufacturing, distribution, sales, marketing, promotion and information technology activities; (ii) policies, procedures, processes, controls and compliance; and (iii) tax considerations.
where we acquire debt or equity securities as all or part of the consideration for business development activities, such as in connection with a joint venture or acquisition, the value of those securities will fluctuate and may depreciate in value. we may not control the company in which we acquire securities, such as in connection with a collaborative arrangement, and as a result, we will have limited ability to determine its management, operational decisions, internal controls and compliance and other policies, which can result in additional financial and reputational risks.
we may not be successful in separating underperforming or non-strategic assets, and gains or losses on the divestiture of, or lost operating income from, such assets may affect our earnings. our divestitures also may result in continued financial exposure to the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, continued supply and services arrangements, or potential litigation, following the transaction. under these arrangements, nonperformance by us could result in obligations being imposed on us that could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition or reputation.
we might also incur asset impairment charges related to acquisitions or divestitures that reduce our earnings. the value allocated to certain of our assets could be substantially impaired due to a number of factors beyond our control. new or revised accounting standards, rules and interpretations could result in changes to the recognition of income and expense that may materially and adversely affect our financial results.
if the execution or implementation of acquisitions, divestitures, alliances, joint ventures and other portfolio actions is not successful, it could adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. moreover, due to the substantial amount of debt that we incurred to finance the cash portion of the celgene and myokardia acquisitions, there can be no assurance of when we will be able to expand our business development capacity. although we are committed to reducing our debt, pursuing strategic transaction opportunities in future may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, and could result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings.
failure to attract and retain highly qualified workforce could affect our ability to successfully develop and commercialize products.
our success is largely dependent on our continued ability to (i) attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management workforce, including people with expertise in clinical r&d, governmental regulation and commercialization, and (ii) in connection with our acquisitions, integrate corporate cultures and maintain employee morale. we are facing increasing competition for a limited pool of qualified individuals from numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, universities, government entities, research institutions, companies seeking to enter the healthcare space, and companies in other industries. we cannot be sure that we will be able to retain quality talent or that the costs of doing so will not materially increase.
market, liquidity and credit risks we have significant indebtedness that could have negative consequences.
our acquisitions of celgene and myokardia increased the amount of our debt resulting in additional interest expense. this could reduce our financial flexibility to continue capital investments, develop new products and declare future dividends.
adverse changes in u.s. and global economic and political conditions could adversely affect our operations and profitability.
global economic and political risks pose significant challenges to a company's growth and profitability and are difficult to mitigate. we generated approximately 30% of our revenues outside of the u.s. in 2022. as such, a global economic downturn could create or amplify a variety of risks to our business and could negatively affect our growth. in addition, uncertainty in the credit and capital markets could impact our growth strategy. our revenues, earnings and cash flow are also exposed to risk from a strengthening u.s. dollar and global inflation, including in the u.s. if our operating costs were to significantly increase, whether as a result of rising inflation rates, wage increases or other factors, it could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. we also have exposure to customer credit risks in europe, south america and other markets including from government-guaranteed hospital receivables in markets where payments are not received on time. we have significant operations in europe, including for manufacturing and distribution. the results of our operations could be negatively impacted by any member country exiting the eurozone monetary union or eu. in particular, the exit of the uk from the eu, which occurred on january 31, 2020, created uncertainties affecting our business operations in the uk and the eu and may have an impact on our research, commercial and general business operations in the uk and the eu, including the approval and supply of our products and may require changes to our legal entity structure in the uk and the eu.
additionally, our business and operations may be adversely affected by political volatility, conflicts or crises in individual countries or regions, including terrorist activities or war and pandemics or epidemics. the covid-19 pandemic affected demand for some of our products driven by lower patient starts and visits, and we would expect any future pandemics to have a similar effect. in addition, while we did not experience any significant manufacturing or supply issues due to covid-19, it is possible that we could experience these issues in response to future pandemics. for instance, we may experience scarcity of certain raw materials and components as a result of the influx of pandemic related vaccine orders receiving priority treatment from vendors. furthermore, a future epidemic or pandemic could create material staffing shortages at our manufacturing sites which could disrupt the supply of our products. it is also possible that we may experience supply chain interruptions as a result of quarantines, shelter-in-place and other governmental orders and policies, travel restrictions, airline and cargo capacity and route reductions. we may also experience delays in the initiation and enrollment of patients in our clinical trials as a consequence of any future pandemic. we may not be able to fully mitigate these delays, which could negatively impact the timing of our pipeline development programs and expected future revenues and/or cash flows. a prolonged clinical trial delay could potentially have a significant negative effect on our business, particularly if new competitive products enter the market or clinical trial results for our competitors' products affect the value proposition for our product. any such delays or difficulties in clinical development could also potentially lead to a material impairment of our intangible assets, including the $35.9 billion of intangible assets as of december 31, 2022.
we cannot predict or reasonably estimate the impact of any potential long-term changes to the healthcare industry from global economic and political events, including any future pandemics. for example, there is potential for a shift in the u.s. payer channel mix due to changes in patient coverage from the current economic crisis, but we are not able to reliably estimate what the impact would be on our results of operations given the highly variable and uncertain situation. it is also possible that changes in the healthcare system could impose additional burdens on clinical trials, which could increase the costs of sponsoring clinical trials or lead to additional delays or difficulties with completing clinical trials. we may also experience additional pricing pressures and/or increased governmental regulation.
global economic conditions or events such as wars or pandemics also create additional risks from their impact on our suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners and other third parties that we rely on to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products, manage certain marketing, selling, human resource, finance, it and other business unit and functional services. for example, if any of our third-party providers suffer from limited solvency because of global economic conditions, it could negatively impact our operating model and our business. similarly, global events such as the ukraine-russia conflict can increase the volatility of the financial markets, foreign currency exchanges and interest rates. we could also face potential other negative consequences stemming from future pandemics or global events, including but not limited to increased cyber threats to us and our partners such as phishing, social engineering and malware attacks. it is possible that global economic and political events, including any future pandemic, could exacerbate any of the other risks described in this 2022 form 10-k as well.
there can be no guarantee that we will pay dividends or repurchase stock.
the declaration, amount and timing of any dividends fall within the discretion of our board. the board's decision will depend on many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that our board may deem relevant. a reduction or elimination of our dividend payments or dividend program could adversely affect our stock price. in addition, we could, at any time, decide not to buy back any more shares in the market, or reduce the number of shares repurchased under our share repurchase program, which could also adversely affect our stock price. the ira imposes a 1% excise tax on our net repurchases of shares after december 31, 2022. the imposition of the excise tax on repurchases of our shares may increase the cost to us of making repurchases and may cause our board to reduce the number of shares repurchased pursuant to our share repurchase program.
our amended bylaws designate the court of chancery of the state of delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain lawsuits between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a judicial forum that it finds favorable for such lawsuits and make it more costly for our stockholders to bring such lawsuits, which may have the effect of discouraging such lawsuits.
our amended bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the court of chancery of the state of delaware will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, creditors or other constituents, (iii) action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the general corporation law of the state of delaware, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended bylaws or (iv) action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided, however, that, in the event that the court of chancery of the state of delaware lacks jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding will be another state or federal court of the state of delaware. our bylaws also provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and consented to this forum selection provision.
the court of chancery of the state of delaware (or if the court of chancery does not have jurisdiction, another state or federal court of the state of delaware) will have the fullest authority allowed by law to issue an anti-suit injunction to enforce this forum selection clause and to preclude suit in any other forum. however, this forum selection provision is not intended to apply to any actions brought under the securities act of 1933 (the "securities act"), as amended, or the exchange act. section 27 of the exchange act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the exchange act or the rules and regulations thereunder and section 22 of the securities act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the securities act or the rules and regulations thereunder. accordingly, the forum selection provision in our amended bylaws will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations.
nevertheless, this forum selection provision in our bylaws may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers and other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. in addition, stockholders who do bring a claim in the court of chancery in the state of delaware could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near delaware. while we believe the risk of a court declining to enforce the forum selection provision contained in our amended bylaws is low, if a court were to find the provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this 2022 form 10-k to enhance the understanding of our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the comparison of 2021 to 2020 results has been omitted from this form 10-k and is incorporated by reference from our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021 "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" filed on february 10, 2021.
executive summary bristol-myers squibb company is a global biopharmaceutical company whose mission is to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases. refer to the summary of abbreviated terms at the end of this 2022 form 10-k for definitions of capitalized terms used throughout the document.
in 2022, we obtained 18 approvals for new medicines and additional indications and formulations of currently marketed medicines in major markets (the u.s., eu and japan), including advancement in oncology through fda and ec approval of opdualag, the first pd-1 inhibitor and lag-3 blocking antibody combination. additionally, in the u.s., eu and japan, two opdivo based regimens as first-line treatments for unresectable advanced or metastatic escc were approved. we continue to advance and invest in our cell therapy portfolio through the approval of abecma in japan for the treatment of multiple myeloma for patients with at least three prior therapies, and approvals of breyanzi for the relapsed or refractory diffuse large b-cell lymphoma, with second-line treatments in the u.s. and japan, and third-line treatments in the eu. we continue the expansion of our cell therapy manufacturing capabilities at our existing facilities in washington and new jersey, as well as through the construction of new state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities in massachusetts and in leiden, netherlands. the approvals for sotyktu (deucravacitinib) in the u.s. and japan for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis expanded our portfolio in immunology. within cardiovascular, we broadened our new product portfolio with the fda approval of camzyos (mavacamten) for patients with symptomatic obstructive hcm. in addition, in august 2022, we acquired turning point, a precision oncology company, with the goal of expanding our solid tumor portfolio with the addition of repotrectinib.
in 2022, our revenues remained consistent with the prior year due to growth in our in-line products (primarily eliquis and opdivo) and new product portfolio (primarily opdualag, abecma and reblozyl), offset by recent loe products (primarily revlimid) and the impact of foreign exchange. the $0.17 decrease in gaap eps in 2022 was primarily due to changes to equity investment and contingent consideration fair value adjustments, partially offset by lower impairment charges and weighted-average common shares outstanding. after adjusting for specified items, non-gaap eps increased $0.54 as a result of lower weighted-average common shares outstanding and acquired iprd charges and higher royalties and licensing income.
highlights the following table summarizes our financial information:
year ended december 31, dollars in millions, except per share data                   2022                            2021
total revenues                                       $46,159                         $46,385
diluted earnings per share gaap                                                   $2.95                           $3.12
non-gaap                                                7.70                            7.16
our non-gaap financial measures, including non-gaap earnings and related eps information, are adjusted to exclude specified items that represent certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other items impacting the comparability of financial results. for a detailed listing of all specified items and further information, reconciliations and changes to our non-gaap financial measures refer to "-non-gaap financial measures."
economic and market factors governmental actions our products continue to be subject to increasing pressures across the portfolio from pharmaceutical market access and pricing controls and discounting, changes to tax and importation laws and other restrictions in the u.s., the eu and other regions around the world that result in lower prices, lower reimbursement rates and smaller populations for whom payers will reimburse, which can negatively impact our results of operations (including intangible asset impairment charges), operating cash flow, liquidity and financial flexibility. for example, on august 16, 2022, president biden signed the ira which provides for (i) the government to negotiate prices for select high-cost medicare part d (beginning in 2026) and part b drugs (beginning in 2028) that are more than nine years (for small-molecule drugs) or 13 years (for biological products) from their fda approval, (ii) manufacturers to pay a rebate for medicare part b and part d drugs when prices increase faster than inflation beginning in 2022 for part d and 2023 for part b, and (iii) medicare part d redesign which replaces the current coverage gap provisions and establishes a $2,000 cap for out-of-pocket limits costs for medicare beneficiaries beginning in 2025, with manufacturers being responsible for 10% of costs up to the $2,000 cap and 20% after that cap is reached. implementation of this legislation is expected to be carried out through upcoming actions by regulatory authorities, the outcome of which is uncertain. additionally, in connection with the ira the following changes have been made to u.s. tax laws, including (i) a 15% minimum tax that generally applies to u.s. corporations on adjusted financial statement income beginning in 2023 and (ii) a non-deductible 1% excise tax provision on net stock repurchases, to be applied to repurchases beginning in 2023. we continue to evaluate the impact of the ira legislation on our results of operations and it is possible that these changes may result in a material impact on our business and results of operations. furthermore, countries are expected to make changes to their tax laws and updates to international tax treaties to implement the agreement by the organization for economic co-operation and development to establish a global minimum tax. see risk factors on these items included under "part i-item 1a. risk factors-product, industry and operational risks-increased pricing pressure and other restrictions in the u.s. and abroad continue to negatively affect our revenues and profit margins" and "-changes to tax regulations could negatively impact our earnings."
covid-19
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, international, federal, state and local public health and governmental authorities took a number of actions to limit the spread of covid-19 and address related disruptions in the u.s. and global economy. as the covid-19 pandemic affected global healthcare systems as well as major economic and financial markets, we adopted several procedures focused on ensuring the continued supply of our medicines to our patients and protecting the health, wellbeing and safety of our workforce. while the pandemic has not significantly impacted our results of operations, the situation remains dynamic and it is difficult to reasonably assess or predict the full extent of the negative impact that the covid-19 pandemic may have on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
significant product approvals the following is a summary of the significant approvals received in 2022:
product        date        approval breyanzi       december 2022        japan's ministry of health, labour and welfare approval of breyanzi allowing its use in the second-line treatment of relapsed or refractory large b-cell lymphoma, regardless of whether autologous hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation is intended.
sotyktu        september 2022       japan's ministry of health, labour and welfare approval of sotyktu for treatment of plaque psoriasis, generalized pustular psoriasis, or erythrodermic psoriasis, for patients who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapies.
sotyktu        september 2022       fda approval of sotyktu for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy.
opdualag       september 2022       ec approval of opdualag for the first-line treatment of advanced (unresectable or metastatic) melanoma in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older with tumor cell pd-l1 expression &lt; 1%.
breyanzi       june 2022         fda approval of breyanzi for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory large b-cell lymphoma after one line of therapy who are not eligible for transplant or who relapsed within 12 months of first-line chemoimmunotherapy.
product        date        approval opdivo+yervoy        may 2022       japan's ministry of health, labour and welfare approval of opdivo plus yervoy as a first-line treatment for adult patients with unresectable advanced or metastatic escc regardless of pd-l1 status.
opdivo         may 2022       japan's ministry of health, labour and welfare approval of opdivo in combination with fluoropyrimidine- and platinum-containing chemotherapy as a first-line treatment for adult patients with unresectable advanced or metastatic escc regardless of pd-l1 status.
opdivo+yervoy        may 2022       fda approval of opdivo plus yervoy as a first-line treatment for adult patients with unresectable advanced or metastatic escc regardless of pd-l1 status.
opdivo         may 2022       fda approval of opdivo in combination with fluoropyrimidine- and platinum-containing chemotherapy as a first-line treatment for adult patients with unresectable advanced or metastatic escc regardless of pd-li status.
camzyos        april 2022        fda approval of camzyos for the treatment of adults with symptomatic obstructive hcm.
breyanzi       april 2022        ec approval of breyanzi for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large b-cell lymphoma, primary mediastinal large b-cell lymphoma and follicular lymphoma grade 3b after two or more lines of systemic therapy.
opdivo+yervoy        april 2022        ec approval of opdivo plus yervoy for the first-line treatment of adult patients with unresectable advanced, recurrent or metastatic escc with tumor cell pd-l1 expression &gt; 1%.
opdivo         april 2022        ec approval of opdivo for the adjuvant treatment of adults with muscle-invasive urothelial carcinoma with tumor cell pd-li expression &gt; 1% who are at risk of recurrence after undergoing radical resection.
opdivo         april 2022        ec approval of opdivo in combination with fluoropyrimidine- and platinum-based chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of adult patients with unresectable advanced, recurrent, or metastatic escc with pd-l1 expression &gt; 1%.
opdualag       march 2022        fda approval of opdualag, a fixed-dose combination of nivolumab and relatlimab, for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with unresectable or metastatic melanoma.
opdivo         march 2022        fda approval of opdivo in combination with platinum-doublet chemotherapy for adult patients with resectable nsclc in the neoadjuvant setting.
opdivo         march 2022        japan's ministry of health, labour and welfare approval of opdivo for the adjuvant treatment of urothelial carcinoma.
abecma         january 2022         japan's ministry of health, labour and welfare approval of abecma for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received at least three prior therapies.
refer to "-product and pipeline developments" for all of the developments in our marketed products and late-stage pipeline in 2022 and in early 2023.
strategy our principal strategy is to combine the resources, scale and capability of a large pharmaceutical company with the speed, agility and focus on innovation typically found in the biotech industry. our priorities are to continue to renew and diversify our portfolio through launching new medicines, advancing our early, mid and late-stage pipeline, and executing disciplined business development. we remain committed to maintaining a strong investment grade credit rating and returning capital to shareholders.
our focus is on discovering, developing and delivering transformational medicines for patients facing serious diseases in the following core therapeutic areas: (i) oncology with a priority in certain tumor types; (ii) hematology with opportunities to broaden our franchise and sustain a leadership position in multiple myeloma; (iii) immunology with priorities in relapsing multiple sclerosis, psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, lupus, ra and inflammatory bowel disease; (iv) cardiovascular disease (v) fibrotic disease with priorities in lung and liver, and (vi) neuroscience with a focus on neurodegenerative disease.
we continue to advance the next wave of innovative medicines by investing significantly in our oncology, hematology (with alnuctamab in multiple myeloma), immunology (with lpa1 antagonist in pulmonary fibrosis) and cardiovascular portfolios with our alliance partnership with janssen where we are advancing a next-generation antithrombotic medicine milvexian. we have expanded our oncology portfolio, including a precision oncology asset repotrectinib in ros-1 mutated nsclc. for hematology, there is a broad effort to continue addressing the unmet medical needs in multiple myeloma, lymphoma, and anemia (e.g., mds and mf associated anemia) and we are working across multiple modalities and mechanisms of action such as cereblon modulators ("celmods"), adcs, t-cell engagers and car-t therapies. for immunology, the phase iii clinical trials are underway for cendakimab in eosinophilic esophagitis.
our commercial model has been successful with revenues from our in-line brands and new product portfolio continuing to grow, which demonstrates strong execution of our strategy. in 2022, we have launched three first-in-class medicines with blockbuster potential across three therapeutic areas: opdualag in first line melanoma, camzyos in ohcm, sotyktu in moderate to severe psoriasis. we remain focused and well-resourced in our cancer development programs and seek to broaden the use of opdivo in earlier lines of therapy, expand into new tumors, accelerate next wave oncology mechanisms and develop treatment options for refractory oncology patients. we are further strengthening our io portfolio with opdualag for the treatment of melanoma and potential expanded opportunities in lung, liver, crc and adjuvant melanoma. we continue to drive adoption of opdivo by expanding into additional indications and tumor types both as a monotherapy and in combination with yervoy and other anti-cancer agents. eliquis continues to grow, leveraging its best in class clinical profile and extensive real world data and is now the number one novel oral anticoagulant in total prescriptions globally. in immunology, the phase iii registrational clinical trials are underway for sotyktu in systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and psoriatic arthritis. we are able to leverage our leading capabilities in hematological malignancies and our robust pipeline to provide opportunities for long-term growth to offset the impact of current and future patent expires for revlimid and pomalyst.
we expect the growth of our in-line and new product portfolio will enable us to more than offset the expected decline in revlimid, abraxane and other products revenues due to their loss of market exclusivity through 2025.
the evolution in our operating model, which focuses on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling and administrative expenses, will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. through our celgene acquisition restructuring activities, we realized at least $3.0 billion of synergies annually resulting from cost savings and avoidance. the achieved synergies were across general and administrative, manufacturing, r&d, and procurement, and also resulted in streamlining the company's pricing and information technology infrastructure.
our strategy extends well beyond the discovery, development and delivery of transformative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases. we believe that driving long-term business value is at the heart of living our purpose, from improving access and affordability to advancing inclusion and diversity and health equity in all areas of medicine to supporting a healthy planet in order to sustain lives and communities everywhere. our environmental, social and governance (esg) strategy is integrated into our company's core strategy, as the opportunities and potential impacts of esg issues are directly connected to our business. our esg strategy focuses on (i) operating with effective governance and the highest ethical standards, and seeking transparency and dialogue with our stakeholders to improve our understanding of their needs, (ii) fostering an environment of inclusion and belonging and build a globally diverse workforce to drive equitable advancement and outcomes for all, (iii) around the globe, improve access to our innovative therapies and promote health equity to improve health outcomes for populations disproportionately affected by serious diseases and (iv) understand our responsibility to create a maximum positive impact while minimizing our environmental footprint while leveraging sustainability to drive innovation, build resiliency and manage nonfinancial risks.
acquisitions, divestitures, licensing and other arrangements for detailed information on significant acquisitions, divestitures, collaborations, licensing and other arrangements during 2022 refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data -note 3. alliances" and "-note 4. acquisitions, divestitures, licensing and other arrangements."
results of operations regional revenues the composition of the changes in revenues was as follows:
year ended december 31,                                         2022 vs. 2021
dollars in millions                 2022                        2021                   % change               foreign exchange(b)
united states                $31,828                     $29,214       9                      %               -
international                 13,497                      16,319                      (17)    %               (9)               %
other(a)                         834                         852                       (2)    %               -
total                        $46,159                     $46,385                         -                    (3)               %
(a)    other revenues include royalties and alliance-related revenues for products not sold by our regional commercial organizations.
(b)    foreign exchange impacts were derived by applying the prior period average currency rates to the current period revenues.
united states
u.s. revenues in 2022 increased primarily due to eliquis, new product portfolio, and opdivo, partially offset by our recent loe products. average net selling prices increased by 4% in 2022 compared to the same period a year ago.
international
international revenues in 2022 decreased primarily due to lower demand for revlimid as a result of generic erosion, foreign exchange and lower average net selling prices, partially offset by in-line products and new product portfolio.
no single country outside the u.s. contributed more than 10% of total revenues in 2022 and 2021. our business is typically not seasonal.
gtn adjustments we recognize revenue net of gtn adjustments that are further described in "-critical accounting policies."
the activities and ending reserve balances for each significant category of gtn adjustments were as follows:
year ended december 31, 2022
dollars in millions                               charge-backs and cash discounts                   medicaid and medicare rebates                    other rebates, returns, discounts and adjustments                         total balance at january 1, 2022                                      $723                                           $3,206                                                        $3,193                                       $7,122
provision related to sales made in:
current period                                                 7,483                                           11,364                                                         6,344                                       25,191
prior period                                                    (14)                                              (2)                                                         (213)                                        (229)
payments and returns                                         (7,511)                                         (10,746)                                                       (6,319)                                     (24,576)
foreign currency translation and other                           (6)                                                -                                                         (125)                                        (131)
balance at december 31, 2022                                    $675                                           $3,822                                                        $2,880                                       $7,377
the reconciliation of gross product sales to net product sales by each significant category of gtn adjustments was as follows:
year ended december 31,   % change dollars in millions                                                  2022                              2021                                2022 vs. 2021
gross product sales                                          $69,633                           $67,897                                          3      %
gtn adjustments charge-backs and cash discounts                              (7,469)                           (7,253)                                          3      %
medicaid and medicare rebates                               (11,362)                           (9,374)                                         21      %
other rebates, returns, discounts and adjustments            (6,131)                           (6,215)                                        (1)      %
total gtn adjustments                                       (24,962)                          (22,842)                                          9      %
net product sales                                            $44,671                           $45,055                                        (1)      %
gtn adjustments percentage                                        36    %                           33    %                                     3      %
u.s.                                                              41    %                           40    %                                     1      %
non-u.s.                                                          17    %                           17    %                                     -
reductions to provisions for product sales made in prior periods resulting from changes in estimates were $229 million and $319 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. the reductions to provisions in 2022 primarily related to non-u.s. revisions in clawback amounts primarily driven by the vat recoverable estimates in 2022 and eliquis coverage gap discounts in 2021. gtn adjustments are primarily a function of product sales volume, regional and payer channel mix, contractual or legislative discounts and rebates. u.s. gtn adjustments percentage increased primarily due to higher government channel mix, which has higher gtn adjustment percentages.
product revenues year ended december 31, dollars in millions                       2022                        2021                   % change in-line products eliquis                            $11,789                     $10,762                        10    %
u.s.                                 7,786                       6,456                        21    %
non-u.s.                             4,003                       4,306                       (7)    %
opdivo                               8,249                       7,523                        10    %
u.s.                                 4,812                       4,202                        15    %
non-u.s.                             3,437                       3,321                         3    %
pomalyst/imnovid                     3,497                       3,332                         5    %
u.s.                                 2,438                       2,249                         8    %
non-u.s.                             1,059                       1,083                       (2)    %
orencia                              3,464                       3,306                         5    %
u.s.                                 2,638                       2,410                         9    %
non-u.s.                               826                         896                       (8)    %
sprycel                              2,165                       2,117                         2    %
u.s.                                 1,497                       1,297                        15    %
non-u.s.                               668                         820                      (19)    %
yervoy                               2,131                       2,026                         5    %
u.s.                                 1,304                       1,265                         3    %
non-u.s.                               827                         761                         9    %
empliciti                              296                         334                      (11)    %
u.s.                                   185                         200                       (8)    %
non-u.s.                               111                         134                      (17)    %
mature and other products            1,749                       1,900                       (8)    %
u.s.                                   565                         580                       (3)    %
non-u.s.                             1,184                       1,320                      (10)    %
new product portfolio reblozyl                               717                         551                        30    %
u.s.                                   591                         485                        22    %
non-u.s.                               126                          66                        91    %
abecma                                 388                         164                             **
u.s.                                   297                         158                        88    %
non-u.s.                                91                           6                             **
opdualag                               252                           -                            n/a u.s.                                   252                           -                            n/a non-u.s.                                 -                           -                            n/a zeposia                                250                         134                        87    %
u.s.                                   177                          99                        79    %
non-u.s.                                73                          35                             **
year ended december 31,                      % change dollars in millions                     2022                            2021                 2022 vs. 2021
breyanzi                            182                              87                                 **
u.s.                                151                              84                          80      %
non-u.s.                             31                               3                                 **
onureg                              124                              73                          70      %
u.s.                                 95                              69                          38      %
non-u.s.                             29                               4                                 **
inrebic                              85                              74                          15      %
u.s.                                 69                              67                           3      %
non-u.s.                             16                               7                                 **
camzyos                                   24                          -                                n/a u.s.                                      24                          -                                n/a non-u.s.                              -                               -                                n/a sotyktu                                    8                          -                                n/a u.s.                                       8                          -                                n/a non-u.s.                              -                               -                                n/a recent loe products(a)
revlimid                          9,978                          12,821                        (22)      %
u.s.                              8,359                           8,695                         (4)      %
non-u.s.                          1,619                           4,126                        (61)      %
abraxane                            811                           1,181                        (31)      %
u.s.                                580                             898                        (35)      %
non-u.s.                            231                             283                        (18)      %
total revenues                   46,159                          46,385                           -
u.s.                             31,828                          29,214                           9      %
non-u.s.                         14,331                          17,171                        (17)      %
** change in excess of 100%.
(a) recent loe products include products with significant decline in revenue from a prior reporting period as a result of a loss of exclusivity.
eliquis (apixaban) - an oral factor xa inhibitor, indicated for the reduction in risk of stroke/systemic embolism in nvaf and for the treatment of dvt/pe and reduction in risk of recurrence following initial therapy.
u.s. revenues increased 21% in 2022 due to higher demand and higher average net selling prices, including favorable gtn adjustments.
international revenues decreased 7% in 2022 primarily due to foreign exchange impacts of 11% and lower average net selling prices, partially offset by higher demand. excluding foreign exchange impacts, revenues increased by 4%.
following the may 2021 expiration of regulatory exclusivity for eliquis in europe, and court decisions in (i) the united kingdom finding the uk apixaban composition of matter patent and related spc invalid and (ii) the netherlands denying a bms request for a preliminary injunction that would have prevented an at-risk generic launch, generic manufacturers have begun marketing generic versions of eliquis in the uk and the netherlands, and may seek to market generic versions of eliquis in additional countries in europe, prior to the expiration of our patents, which may lead to additional infringement and invalidity actions involving our eliquis patents being filed in various countries in europe. we believe in the innovative science behind eliquis and the strength of our intellectual property, which we will defend against infringement. refer to "item 1. financial statements-note 20. legal proceedings and contingencies-intellectual property" for further information.
opdivo (nivolumab) - a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to the pd-1 on t and nkt cells that has been approved for several anti-cancer indications including bladder, blood, crc, head and neck, rcc, hcc, lung, melanoma, mpm, stomach and esophageal cancer. the opdivo+yervoy regimen also is approved in multiple markets for the treatment of nsclc, melanoma, mpm, rcc, crc and various gastric and esophageal cancers. there are several ongoing potentially registrational studies for opdivo across other tumor types and disease areas, in monotherapy and in combination with yervoy and various anti-cancer agents.
u.s. revenues increased 15% in 2022 due to higher demand across multiple indications including the opdivo+yervoy combinations for nsclc, opdivo+cabometyx* combination for kidney cancer, bladder and various gastric and esophageal cancers, partially offset by declining second-line eligibility across tumor indications and increased competition.
international revenues increased 3% in 2022 due to higher demand partially offset by foreign exchange impacts of 11% and lower average net selling prices. excluding foreign exchange impacts, revenues increased by 14%.
pomalyst/imnovid (pomalidomide) - a proprietary, distinct, small molecule that is administered orally and modulates the immune system and other biologically important targets. pomalyst/imnovid is indicated for patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least two prior therapies including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor and have demonstrated disease progression on or within 60 days of completion of the last therapy.
u.s. revenues increased 8% in 2022 due to higher average net selling prices and higher demand.
international revenues decreased 2% in 2022 due to foreign exchange impacts of 10% and lower average net selling prices, partially offset by higher demand. excluding foreign exchange impacts, revenues increased by 8%.
orencia (abatacept) - a fusion protein indicated for adult patients with moderate to severe active ra and psa and is also indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in certain pediatric patients with moderately to severely active polyarticular jia.
u.s. revenues increased 9% in 2022 due to higher demand.
international revenues decreased 8% in 2022 due to foreign exchange impacts of 11%, partially offset by higher demand. excluding foreign exchange impacts, revenues increased by 3%.
in the u.s. and eu, estimated minimum market exclusivity dates were previously based on method of use patents that expired in 2021. formulation and additional patents expire in 2026 and beyond. there are no orencia biosimilars on the market in the u.s., eu or japan.
sprycel (dasatinib) - an oral inhibitor of multiple tyrosine kinase indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with philadelphia chromosome-positive cml in chronic phase and the treatment of adults with chronic, accelerated, or myeloid or lymphoid blast phase cml with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy, including gleevec* (imatinib mesylate) and the treatment of children and adolescents aged 1 year to 18 years with chronic phase philadelphia chromosome-positive cml.
u.s. revenues increased 15% in 2022 due to higher average net selling prices and higher demand.
international revenues decreased 19% in 2022 due to foreign exchange impacts of 11% and lower demand as a result of generic erosion. excluding foreign exchange impacts, revenues decreased by 8%.
yervoy (ipilimumab) - a monoclonal antibody for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. the opdivo+yervoy regimen also is approved in multiple markets for the treatment of nsclc, melanoma, mpm, rcc, crc and esophageal cancer.
u.s. revenues increased 3% in 2022 due to higher average net selling prices.
international revenues increased 9% in 2022 due to higher demand as a result of additional indication launches and core indications, partially offset by foreign exchange impacts of 12% and lower average net selling prices. excluding foreign exchange impacts, revenues increased by 21%.
empliciti (elotuzumab) - a humanized monoclonal antibody for the treatment of multiple myeloma.
mature and other products - includes all other products, including those which have lost exclusivity in major markets, otc products and royalty revenue and mature products.
international revenues for mature and other products decreased 10% due to lower demand as a result of a continued generic erosion and foreign exchange impacts of 5%. excluding foreign exchange impacts, revenues decreased by 5%.
reblozyl (luspatercept-aamt) - an erythroid maturation agent indicated for the treatment of anemia in adult patients with beta thalassemia who require regular red blood cell transfusions and for the treatment of anemia failing an esa in adult patients with very low- to intermediate-risk mds who have ring sideroblasts and require rbc transfusions.
u.s. revenues increased 22% in 2022 primarily due to higher demand.
abecma (idecabtagene vicleucel) - is a b-cell maturation antigen-directed genetically modified autologous car-t cell therapy indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma after four or more prior lines of therapy, including an immunomodulatory agent, a proteasome inhibitor, and an anti-cd38 monoclonal antibody. abecma was launched in may 2021.
opdualag (nivolumab and relatlimab-rmbw) - a combination of nivolumab, a pd-1 blocking antibody, and relatlimab, a lag-3 blocking antibody, indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age or older with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. opdualag was launched in march 2022.
zeposia (ozanimod) - an oral immunomodulatory drug used to treat relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis, to include clinically isolated syndrome, relapsing-remitting disease, and active secondary progressive disease, in adults and to treat moderately to severely active uc in adults. zeposia was launched in june 2020.
breyanzi (lisocabtagene maraleucel) - is a cd19-directed genetically modified autologous car-t cell therapy indicated for the treatment of adult patients with certain types of relapsed or refractory large b-cell lymphoma after one or more lines of systemic therapy. breyanzi was launched in april 2021.
onureg (azacitidine) - an oral hypomethylating agent that incorporates into dna and rna, indicated for continued treatment of adult patients with aml who achieved first complete remission or complete remission with incomplete blood count recovery following intensive induction chemotherapy and are not able to complete intensive curative therapy. onureg was launched in september 2020.
inrebic (fedratinib) - an oral kinase inhibitor indicated for the treatment of adult patients with intermediate-2 or high-risk primary or secondary (post-polycythemia vera or post-essential thrombocythemia) myelofibrosis. inrebic was launched in august 2019.
camzyos (mavacamten) - a cardiac myosin inhibitor indicated for the treatment of adults with symptomatic obstructive hcm to improve functional capacity and symptoms. camzyos was launched in april 2022.
sotyktu (deucravacitinib) - an oral, selective, allosteric tyrosine kinase 2 inhibitor indicated for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. sotyktu was launched in september 2022.
revlimid (lenalidomide) - an oral immunomodulatory drug that in combination with dexamethasone is indicated for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma. revlimid as a single agent is also indicated as a maintenance therapy in patients with multiple myeloma following autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplant.
u.s. revenues decreased 4% in 2022 due to lower demand driven by generic erosion, partially offset by higher average net selling prices.
international revenues decreased 61% in 2022 due to lower demand as a result of generic erosion across several european countries and canada, lower average net selling prices and foreign exchange impacts of 4%. excluding foreign exchange impacts, revenues decreased by 57%.
in the u.s., certain third parties have been granted volume-limited licenses to sell generic lenalidomide beginning in march 2022 or thereafter. pursuant to these licenses, several generics have entered or are expected to enter the u.s. market with volume-limited quantities of generic lenalidomide. in the eu, generic lenalidomide products have entered the market. in japan, the composition of matter patent expired in july 2022, however bms is not aware of any generic approvals. global revenues for revlimid are expected to decline to approximately $6.5 billion in 2023.
abraxane (paclitaxel albumin-bound particles for injectable suspension) - a solvent-free protein-bound chemotherapy product that combines paclitaxel with albumin using our proprietary nab technology platform, and is used to treat breast cancer, nsclc and pancreatic cancer, among others.
u.s. revenues decreased 35% in 2022 primarily due to entry of authorized generics and lower demand. authorized generic arrangements include product supply sales and profit sharing fees.
international revenues decreased 18% in 2022 due to lower demand resulting from generic erosion and foreign exchange impacts of 5%. excluding foreign exchange impacts, revenues decreased by 13%.
in the u.s. and eu, generics have entered the market. in japan, the estimated minimum market exclusivity date is 2023 based on a method of use patent.
estimated end-user demand pursuant to the sec consent order described under "-sec consent order", we monitor the level of inventory on hand in the u.s. wholesaler distribution channel and outside of the u.s. in the direct customer distribution channel. we are obligated to disclose products with levels of inventory in excess of one month on hand or expected demand, subject to a de minimis exception. there were no products in the u.s. wholesaler distribution channel and outside of the u.s. in the direct customer distribution channel with estimated levels of inventory in excess of one month as of december 31, 2022 (u.s.) and september 30, 2022 (outside of the u.s.).
in the u.s., we generally determine our months on hand estimates using inventory levels of product on hand and the amount of out-movement provided by our three largest wholesalers, which account for approximately 78% of total gross sales of u.s. products for the year ended december 31, 2022. factors that may influence our estimates include generic erosion, seasonality of products, wholesaler purchases in light of increases in wholesaler list prices, new product launches, new warehouse openings by wholesalers and new customer stockings by wholesalers. in addition, these estimates are calculated using third-party data, which may be impacted by their recordkeeping processes.
camzyos is only available through a restricted program called the camzyos rems program. product distribution is limited to rems certified pharmacies, and enrolled pharmacies must only dispense to patients who are authorized to receive camzyos. revlimid and pomalyst are distributed in the u.s. primarily through contracted pharmacies under the lenalidomide rems and pomalyst rems programs, respectively. these are proprietary risk-management distribution programs tailored specifically to provide for the safe and appropriate distribution and use of revlimid and pomalyst. internationally, revlimid and imnovid are distributed under mandatory risk-management distribution programs tailored to meet local authorities' specifications to provide for the products' safe and appropriate distribution and use. these programs may vary by country and, depending upon the country and the design of the risk-management program, the product may be sold through hospitals or retail pharmacies.
our non-u.s. businesses have significantly more direct customers. information on available direct customer product level inventory and corresponding out-movement information and the reliability of third-party demand information varies widely. we limit our direct customer sales channel inventory reporting to where we can influence demand. when this information does not exist or is otherwise not available, we have developed a variety of methodologies to estimate such data, including using historical sales made to direct customers and third-party market research data related to prescription trends and end-user demand. given the difficulties inherent in estimating third-party demand information, we evaluate our methodologies to estimate direct customer product level inventory and to calculate months on hand on an ongoing basis and make changes as necessary. factors that may affect our estimates include generic competition, seasonality of products, price increases, new product launches, new warehouse openings by direct customers, new customer stockings by direct customers and expected direct customer purchases for governmental bidding situations. as such, all of the information required to estimate months on hand in the direct customer distribution channel for non-u.s. business for the year ended december 31, 2022 is not available prior to the filing of this 2022 form 10-k. we will disclose any product with levels of inventory in excess of one month on hand or expected demand, subject to a de minimis exception, in the next quarterly report on form 10-q.
expenses year ended december 31,                      % change dollar in millions                                           2022   2021                                           2022 vs 2021
cost of products sold(a)                             $10,137                          $9,940                           2      %
marketing, selling and administrative                  7,814                           7,690                           2      %
research and development                               9,509                          10,195                         (7)      %
acquired iprd                                            815                           1,159                        (30)      %
amortization of acquired intangible assets             9,595                          10,023                         (4)      %
other (income)/expense, net                              576                           (720)                                 **
total expenses                                       $38,446                         $38,287                           -
** change in excess of 100%.
(a)    excludes amortization of acquired intangible assets.
cost of products sold cost of products sold include material, internal labor and overhead costs from our owned manufacturing sites, third-party product supply costs and other supply chain costs managed by our global manufacturing and supply organization. cost of products sold also includes royalties and profit sharing, certain excise taxes, foreign currency hedge settlement gains and losses and impairment charges. cost of products sold typically varies between periods as a result of volume, product mix (particularly royalties and profit sharing), foreign exchange, as well as changes in price, inflation, costs attributed to manufacturing site exits and impairment charges. cost of products sold excludes amortization from acquired intangible assets.
cost of products sold increased by $197 million primarily driven by product mix including higher profit sharing due to eliquis revenue growth ($541 million), higher manufacturing startup costs and inventory related charges primarily from expanding our car-t cell therapy capabilities, partially offset by foreign exchange and related hedging settlements ($588 million) and impairment charges related to inrebic eu regulatory approval milestones in 2021 ($315 million).
marketing, selling and administrative marketing, selling and administrative expenses primarily include salary and benefit costs, third-party professional and marketing fees, outsourcing fees, shipping and handling costs, advertising and product promotion costs. expenses are managed through regional commercialization organizations or global enabling functions such as finance, legal, information technology and human resources. certain expenses are shared with alliance partners based upon contractual agreements.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses increased by $124 million primarily due to higher charitable giving ($235 million) and the cash settlement of turning point unvested stock awards ($73 million), partially offset by foreign exchange.
research and development research and development activities include research and early discovery, preclinical and clinical development, drug formulation and medical support of marketed products. expenses include salary and benefit costs, third-party grants and fees paid to clinical research organizations, supplies, iprd impairment charges and proportionate allocations of enterprise-wide costs. the allocations include facilities, information technology, employee stock compensation costs and other appropriate costs. certain expenses are shared with alliance partners based upon contractual agreements. expenses typically vary between periods for a number of reasons, including the timing of iprd impairment charges.
research and development expense decreased by $686 million primarily due to lower iprd impairment charges ($742 million), partially offset by the cash settlement of turning point unvested stock awards in 2022 ($80 million). refer to item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 15. goodwill and other intangible assets" for further information on impairment charges.
acquired iprd acquired iprd expenses are comprised of upfront payments, contingent milestone payments in connection with asset acquisitions or in-license arrangements of third-party intellectual property rights, as well as any upfront and contingent milestones payable by bms to alliance partners prior to regulatory approval. acquired iprd charges are detailed in the table below.
year ended december 31, dollars in millions                                        2022                            2021
mavacamten royalty extinguishment                     $295                              $-
dragonfly milestone and opt-in license fee                  200                               -
immatics upfront license fee                                150                               -
bridgebio upfront collaboration fee                          90                               -
eisai upfront collaboration fee                          -                             650
agenus upfront license fee and milestone                 -                             220
prothena opt-in license fee                              -                                   80
evotec opt-in license fee                                -                              58
other                                                   80                             151
acquired iprd                                         $815                          $1,159
refer to "item 8. financial refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 3. alliances" and "-note 4. acquisitions, divestitures, licensing and other arrangements" for additional information.
amortization of acquired intangible assets amortization of acquired intangible assets decreased by $428 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a change in the expected expiration of the market exclusivity period for pomalyst to the first quarter of 2026 and the expiration of abraxane market exclusivity in the fourth quarter of 2022.
other (income)/expense, net other (income)/expense, net changed by $1.3 billion in 2022, primarily due to equity investments, contingent value rights and other items discussed below.
components of other (income)/expense, net were as follows:
year ended december 31, dollars in millions                                    2022                            2021
interest expense                                $1,232                          $1,334
royalty and licensing income                   (1,283)                         (1,067)
royalty income - divestitures                    (832)                           (666)
equity investment losses/(income), net             801                           (745)
integration expenses                               440                             564
loss on debt redemption                            266                             281
divestiture gains                                (211)                             (9)
litigation and other settlements                   178                              82
investment income                                (171)                            (39)
provision for restructuring                         75                             169
contingent consideration                           (9)                           (542)
other                                               90                            (82)
other (income)/expense, net                       $576                          $(720)
interest expense decreased in 2022 due to additional debt maturities. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 10. "financing arrangements" for further information.
royalties increased in 2022 primarily due to higher keytruda* and diabetes business divestiture royalties. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 4. acquisitions, divestitures, licensing and other arrangements" for further information.
equity investments generated losses in 2022 compared to income in 2021 due to fair value adjustments for investments that have readily determinable fair value, observable price changes for investments without readily determinable fair values resulting primarily from initial public offerings or third-party acquisitions of entities which we held an ownership interest, and changes in limited partnership net asset values. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 9. financial instruments and fair value measurements" for more information.
integration expenses decreased in 2022 due to lower consulting fees to implement celgene integration initiatives related to processes and systems.
loss on debt redemption resulted from the early redemption of long-term debt of $6.0 billion in 2022 and $3.5 billion in 2021.
divestiture gains resulted from certain mature product rights divested in 2022.
investment income increased in 2022 primarily due to higher interest rates.
litigation and other settlements includes amounts related to commercial disputes regarding licensing and supply obligation matters, intellectual property and promotional practice matters. in addition, 2022 includes income of $40 million resulting from a settlement resolving all legal claims and business interests pertaining to nimbus' tyk2 inhibitor. the settlement also provides for contingent development, regulatory and sales-based milestones payable to bms upon the occurrence of certain events. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 20. legal proceedings and contingencies."
provision for restructuring includes exit and other costs primarily related to the celgene acquisition plan. we have achieved at least $3.0 billion in annual synergies related to the celgene acquisition plan. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 6. restructuring" for further information.
contingent consideration primarily includes fair value adjustments resulting from the change in the traded price of contingent value rights issued with the celgene acquisition. the contractual obligation to pay the contingent value rights terminated in january 2021 because the fda did not approve liso-cel (jcar017) by december 31, 2020.
other includes foreign exchange losses of $83 million in 2022 and $15 million in 2021 (net of hedging), exit costs of $39 million resulting from the transition of our commercial operations in the russian federation to a third-party distributor and turning point acquisition costs of $32 million in 2022.
income taxes year ended december 31, dollars in millions                                          2022                            2021
earnings before income taxes                          $7,713                          $8,098
provision for income taxes                             1,368                           1,084
effective tax rate                                      17.7    %                       13.4    %
impact of specified items                              (2.4)    %                        2.6    %
effective tax rate excluding specified items            15.3    %                       16.0    %
the income tax impact attributed to the gaap effective tax rate includes the impact from specified items summarized in the following "-non-gaap financial measures" section. income tax impact of specified items was primarily due to low jurisdictional tax rates attributed to intangible asset amortization in both periods, iprd impairment charges and non-taxable contingent value rights fair value adjustments in 2021, a revaluation in 2021 (and to a lesser extent 2022) of the basis of intangible and other assets internally transferred to streamline our legal entity structure after the celgene acquisition, and tax reserve releases related to the 2009 mead johnson split-off transaction in 2022.
the 0.7% decrease in the effective tax rate excluding specified items during 2022 primarily resulted from releases of income tax reserves of $297 million for tax positions that were effectively settled for the bms 2008 to 2012 tax years (excluding mead johnson related amounts that were specified) and the lapse of statute of limitations for the celgene 2012 to 2016 tax years, partially offset by jurisdictional earnings mix. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 7. income taxes" for additional information.
non-gaap financial measures our non-gaap financial measures, such as non-gaap earnings and related eps information, are adjusted to exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items that are evaluated on an individual basis. these items are adjusted after considering their quantitative and qualitative aspects and typically have one or more of the following characteristics, such as being highly variable, difficult to project, unusual in nature, significant to the results of a particular period or not indicative of past or future operating results. these items are excluded from non-gaap earnings and related eps information because the company believes they neither relate to the ordinary course of the company's business nor reflect the company's underlying business performance. similar charges or gains were recognized in prior periods and will likely reoccur in future periods, including (i) amortization of acquired intangible assets, including product rights that generate a significant portion of our ongoing revenue and will recur until the intangible assets are fully amortized, (ii) unwind of inventory purchase price adjustments, (iii) acquisition and integration expenses, (iv) restructuring costs, (v) accelerated depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, (vi) divestiture gains or losses, (vii) stock compensation resulting from acquisition-related equity awards, (viii) pension, legal and other contractual settlement charges, (ix) equity investment and contingent value rights fair value adjustments (including fair value adjustments attributed to limited partnership equity method investments) and (x) amortization of fair value adjustments of debt acquired from celgene in our 2019 exchange offer, among other items. deferred and current income taxes attributed to these items are also adjusted for considering their individual impact to the overall tax expense, deductibility and jurisdictional tax rates. certain other significant tax items are also excluded such as the impact resulting from release of income tax reserves related to the mead johnson split-off transaction and internal transfers of intangible and other assets to streamline our legal entity structure subsequent to the celgene acquisition. we also provide international revenues for our priority products excluding the impact of foreign exchange. we calculate foreign exchange impacts by converting our current-period local currency financial results using the prior period average currency rates and comparing these adjusted amounts to our current-period results. reconciliations of these non-gaap measures to the most comparable gaap measures are included in exhibit 99.2 to our form 8-k filed on february 2, 2023 and are incorporated herein by reference.
beginning with the first quarter of 2022, significant r&d charges or other income resulting from upfront or contingent milestone payments in connection with asset acquisitions or licensing of third-party intellectual property rights are no longer excluded from our non-gaap financial measures. we made these changes to our presentation of non-gaap financial measures following comments from and discussions with the sec. for purposes of comparability, the non-gaap financial measures for the year ended december 31, 2021, have been updated to reflect this change.
non-gaap information is intended to portray the results of our baseline performance, supplement or enhance management, analysts and investors' overall understanding of our underlying financial performance and facilitate comparisons among current, past and future periods. this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial measures prepared in accordance with gaap and may not be the same as or comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items being adjusted. we encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure.
specified items were as follows:
year ended december 31, dollars in millions                                                                           2022                            2021
inventory purchase price accounting adjustments                                          $293                            $264
intangible asset impairment                                                                 -                             315
site exit and other costs                                                                  63                              24
cost of products sold                                                                     356                             603
employee compensation charges                                                              73                               1
site exit and other costs                                                                   6                               2
marketing, selling and administrative                                                      79                               3
iprd impairments                                                                           98                             840
inventory purchase price accounting adjustments                                           130                               1
employee compensation charges                                                              80                               1
site exit and other costs                                                                   -                               1
research and development                                                                  308                             843
amortization of acquired intangible assets                                              9,595                          10,023
interest expense(a)                                                                      (83)                           (120)
equity investment losses/(gains), net                                                     799                           (758)
integration expenses                                                                      440                             564
loss on debt redemption                                                                   266                             281
divestiture gains                                                                       (211)                             (9)
litigation and other settlements                                                          140                               -
provision for restructuring                                                                75                             169
contingent consideration                                                                    -                           (542)
other                                                                                      71                               -
other (income)/expense, net                                                             1,497                           (415)
increase to pretax income                                                              11,835                          11,057
income taxes on items above                                                           (1,332)                           (993)
income tax reserve release attributed to mead johnson                                   (225)                               -
income taxes attributed to internal transfer of intangible and other assets              (72)                           (983)
income taxes                                                                          (1,629)                         (1,976)
increase to net earnings                                                              $10,206                          $9,081
(a)    includes amortization of purchase price adjustments to celgene debt.
the reconciliations from gaap to non-gaap were as follows:
year ended december 31, dollars in millions, except per share data                                                    2022                            2021
net earnings attributable to bms used for diluted eps calculation - gaap               $6,327                          $6,994
specified items                                                                        10,206                           9,081
net earnings attributable to bms used for diluted eps calculation - non-gaap          $16,533                         $16,075
weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted                                    2,146                           2,245
diluted earnings per share attributable to bms - gaap                                   $2.95                           $3.12
diluted eps attributable to specified items                                              4.75                            4.04
diluted eps attributable to bms - non-gaap                                              $7.70                           $7.16
financial position, liquidity and capital resources our net debt position was as follows:
december 31, dollars in millions                                                          2022   2021
cash and cash equivalents                                              $9,123                       $13,979
marketable debt securities                                                130                         2,987
total cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities             9,253                        16,966
short-term debt obligations                                           (4,264)                       (4,948)
long-term debt                                                       (35,056)                      (39,605)
net debt position                                                   $(30,067)                     $(27,587)
liquidity and capital resources we regularly assess our anticipated working capital needs, debt and leverage ratio levels, debt maturities, capital expenditure requirements, dividend payouts, potential share repurchases and future investments or acquisitions in order to maximize shareholder return, efficiently finance our ongoing operations and maintain flexibility for future strategic transactions. we also regularly evaluate our capital structure to ensure financial risks, adequate liquidity access and lower cost of capital are efficiently managed, which may lead to the issuance of additional debt securities, the repurchase of debt securities prior to maturity or the issuance or repurchase of common stock. under the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, research and development costs are required to be capitalized and amortized effective january 1, 2022, which resulted in an increase of approximately $1.9 billion in u.s. tax payments in 2022 as compared to 2021.
we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities together with cash generated from operations in the next few years, and, if required, from the issuance of commercial paper, will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated cash needs for at least the next few years, including dividends, capital expenditures, milestone payments, working capital, income taxes, restructuring initiatives, business development and acquisitions, repurchase of common stock, debt maturities of approximately $10.6 billion through 2026, as well as any debt repurchases through redemptions or tender offers. as of december 31, 2022, our net debt position increased by $2.5 billion primarily due to common stock repurchases and dividends ($12.6 billion) and the turning point acquisition ($3.3 billion), partially offset by cash from operating activities ($13.1 billion).
we have a share repurchase program, authorized by our board of directors, allowing for repurchases of bms common stock shares, effected in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions in compliance with rule 10b-18 under the exchange act, including through rule 10b5-1 trading plans. the share repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific number of shares nor does it have a specific expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. in 2022, we repurchased approximately 109 million shares of our common stock for $8.0 billion, including approximately 69 million shares for $5.0 billion through our asr program. the remaining share repurchase capacity under the share repurchase program was $7.2 billion as of december 31, 2022. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 17. equity" for additional information.
dividend payments were $4.6 billion in 2022 and $4.4 billion in 2021. dividend paid per common share was $0.54 during each quarter of 2022. dividends are authorized on a quarterly basis by our board of directors.
under our commercial paper program, we may issue a maximum of $5.0 billion unsecured notes that have maturities of not more than 366 days from the date of issuance. there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2022.
in 2022, we issued an aggregate principal amount of $6.0 billion and repurchased an aggregate principal amount of $6.0 billion primarily to modify our future debt maturities. in addition, $4.8 billion of debt matured and was repaid. refer to "item 1. financial statements-note 10. financing arrangements" for further information.
as of december 31, 2022, we had a five-year $5.0 billion revolving credit facility expiring in january 2027, which is extendable annually by one year with the consent of the lenders. this facility provides for customary terms and conditions with no financial covenants and may be used to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings. no borrowings were outstanding under any revolving credit facility at december 31, 2022 or 2021.
our investment portfolio includes marketable debt securities, which are subject to changes in fair value as a result of interest rate fluctuations and other market factors. our investment policy establishes limits on the amount and time to maturity of investments with any institution. the policy also requires that investments are only entered into with corporate and financial institutions that meet high credit quality standards. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 10. financing arrangements for further information.
capital expenditures annual capital expenditures were approximately $1.1 billion in 2022, $970 million in 2021 and $750 million in 2020 and are expected to be approximately $1.2 billion in 2023 and 2024. we continue to make capital expenditures in connection with the expansion of our cell therapy and other manufacturing capabilities, research and development and other facility-related activities.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business, we enter into contracts and commitments that obligate us to make payments in the future. information regarding our obligations relating to debt, income taxes and lease arrangements are provided in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 1. accounting policies and recently issued accounting standards", "-note 10. financing arrangements", "-note 7. income taxes" and "-note 14. leases", respectively.
we are committed to an aggregate $22.0 billion of potential contingent future research and development milestone payments to third parties for in-licensing, asset acquisitions and development programs including early-stage milestones of $7.5 billion (milestones achieved through phase iii clinical studies) and late-stage milestones of $14.5 billion (milestones achieved post phase iii clinical studies). payments generally are due and payable only upon achievement of certain developmental and regulatory milestones for which the specific timing cannot be predicted. certain agreements also provide for sales-based milestones aggregating to $17.5 billion that we would be obligated to pay upon achievement of certain sales levels in addition to royalties. we also have certain manufacturing, development and commercialization obligations in connection with alliance arrangements. it is not practicable to estimate the amount of these obligations. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 3. alliances" and "-note 4. acquisitions, divestitures, licensing and other arrangements" for further information.
we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are material or reasonably likely to become material to our financial condition or results of operations.
credit ratings our current long-term and short-term credit ratings assigned by moody's investors service are a2 and prime-1, respectively, with a stable long-term credit outlook, and our current long-term and short-term credit ratings assigned by standard & poor's are a+ and a-1, respectively with a stable long-term credit outlook. the long-term ratings reflect the agencies' opinion that we have a low default risk but are somewhat susceptible to adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions. the short-term ratings reflect the agencies' opinion that we have good to extremely strong capacity for timely repayment. any credit rating downgrade may affect the interest rate of any debt we may incur, the fair market value of existing debt and our ability to access the capital markets generally.
cash flows the following is a discussion of cash flow activities:
year ended december 31, dollars in millions                                2022   2021
cash flow provided by/(used in):
operating activities                       $13,066                           $16,207
investing activities                       (1,062)                             (538)
financing activities                      (16,962)                          (16,224)
operating activities cash flow from operating activities represents the cash receipts and disbursements from all of our activities other than investing and financing activities. operating cash flow is derived by adjusting net earnings for noncontrolling interest, non-cash operating items, gains and losses attributed to investing and financing activities and changes in operating assets and liabilities resulting from timing differences between the receipts and payments of cash and when the transactions are recognized in our results of operations. as a result, changes in cash from operating activities reflect the timing of cash collections from customers and alliance partners; payments to suppliers, alliance partners and employees; customer discounts and rebates; and tax payments in the ordinary course of business.
the $3.1 billion change in cash flow from operating activities compared to 2021 was driven by higher tax payments ($1.9 billion) primarily resulting from research and development expenses that are capitalized and amortized for tax purposes, turning point acquisition-related payments ($300 million), higher upfront research and early discovery payments ($250 million), as well as timing of cash collections and timing of vendor payments in the ordinary course of business.
investing activities cash requirements from investing activities include cash used for acquisitions, manufacturing and facility-related capital expenditures and purchases of marketable securities with original maturities greater than 90 days at the time of purchase, proceeds from business divestitures (including royalties), the sale and maturity of marketable securities, sale of equity investments, as well as upfront and contingent milestones payments from licensing arrangements.
the $524 million change in cash flow from investing activities compared to 2021 was primarily due to the acquisition of turning point ($3.2 billion, net of cash acquired), lower proceeds from the sale of equity investments ($2.4 billion), partially offset by the changes in the amount of marketable debt securities held ($4.1 billion), lower acquired iprd payments ($646 million) and higher proceeds from divestitures ($557 million).
financing activities cash requirements from financing activities include cash used to pay dividends, repurchase common stock and repay long-term debt and other borrowings, as well as proceeds from the exercise of stock options and issuance of long-term debt and other borrowings.
the $738 million change in cash flow from financing activities compared to 2021 was primarily due to higher repurchases of common stock ($1.7 billion), partially offset by changes in the amount of net debt borrowings ($871 million).
sec consent order as previously disclosed, on august 4, 2004, we entered into a final settlement with the sec, concluding an investigation concerning certain wholesaler inventory and accounting matters. the settlement was reached through a consent, a copy of which was attached as exhibit 10 to our quarterly report on form 10-q for the period ended september 30, 2004.
under the terms of the consent, we agreed, subject to certain defined exceptions, to limit sales of all products sold to our direct customers (including wholesalers, distributors, hospitals, retail outlets, pharmacies and government purchasers) based on expected demand or on amounts that do not exceed approximately one month of inventory on hand, without making a timely public disclosure of any change in practice. we also agreed in the consent to certain measures that we have implemented including: (a) establishing a formal review and certification process of our annual and quarterly reports filed with the sec; (b) establishing a business risk and disclosure group; (c) retaining an outside consultant to comprehensively study and help re-engineer our accounting and financial reporting processes; (d) publicly disclosing any sales incentives offered to direct customers for the purpose of inducing them to purchase products in excess of expected demand; and (e) ensuring that our budget process gives appropriate weight to inputs that come from the bottom to the top, and not just from the top to the bottom, and adequately documenting that process.
we have established a company-wide policy concerning our sales to direct customers for the purpose of complying with the consent, which includes the adoption of various procedures to monitor and limit sales to direct customers in accordance with the terms of the consent. these procedures include a governance process to escalate to appropriate management levels potential questions or concerns regarding compliance with the policy and timely resolution of such questions or concerns. in addition, compliance with the policy is monitored on a regular basis.
we maintain dsas with our u.s. pharmaceutical wholesalers, which account for nearly 100% of our gross u.s. revenues. under the current terms of the dsas, our wholesaler customers provide us with weekly information with respect to months on hand product-level inventories and the amount of out-movement of products. the three largest wholesalers currently account for approximately 78% of our gross u.s. revenues. the inventory information received from our wholesalers, together with our internal information, is used to estimate months on hand product level inventories at these wholesalers. we estimate months on hand product inventory levels for our u.s. business's wholesaler customers other than the three largest wholesalers by extrapolating from the months on hand calculated for the three largest wholesalers. in contrast, our non-u.s. business has significantly more direct customers, limited information on direct customer product level inventory and corresponding out-movement information and the reliability of third-party demand information, where available, varies widely. accordingly, we rely on a variety of methods to estimate months on hand product level inventories for these business units.
we believe the above-described procedures provide a reasonable basis to ensure compliance with the consent.
recently issued accounting standards for recently issued accounting standards, refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 1. accounting policies and recently issued accounting standards."
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. our critical accounting policies are those that significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. because of this uncertainty, actual results may vary from these estimates.
revenue recognition our accounting policy for revenue recognition has a substantial impact on reported results and relies on certain estimates. revenue is recognized following a five-step model: (i) identify the customer contract; (ii) identify the contract's performance obligation; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation; and (v) recognize revenue when or as a performance obligation is satisfied. revenue is also reduced for gtn sales adjustments discussed below, all of which involve significant estimates and judgment after considering legal interpretations of applicable laws and regulations, historical experience, payer channel mix (e.g. medicare or medicaid), current contract prices under applicable programs, unbilled claims and processing time lags and inventory levels in the distribution channel. estimates are assessed each period and adjusted as required to revise information or actual experience.
the following categories of gtn adjustments involve significant estimates, judgments and information obtained from external sources. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 2. revenue" for further discussion and analysis of each significant category of gtn sales adjustments.
charge-backs and cash discounts our u.s. business participates in programs with government entities, the most significant of which are the u.s. department of defense and the u.s. department of veterans affairs, and other parties, including covered entities under the 340b program, whereby pricing on products is extended below wholesaler list price to participating entities. these entities purchase products through wholesalers at the lower program price and the wholesalers then charge us the difference between their acquisition cost and the lower program price. accounts receivable is reduced for the estimated amount of unprocessed charge-back claims attributable to a sale (typically within a two to four week time lag).
in the u.s. and certain other countries, customers are offered cash discounts as an incentive for prompt payment, generally approximating 2% of the invoiced sales price. accounts receivable is reduced for the estimated amount of cash discount at the time of sale and the discount is typically taken by the customer within one month.
medicaid and medicare rebates our u.s. business participates in state government medicaid programs and other qualifying federal and state government programs requiring discounts and rebates to participating state and local government entities. all discounts and rebates provided through these programs are included in our medicaid rebate accrual. medicaid rebates have also been extended to drugs used in managed medicaid plans. the estimated amount of unpaid or unbilled rebates is presented as a liability.
rebates and discounts are offered to managed healthcare organizations in the u.s. managing prescription drug programs and medicare advantage prescription drug plans covering the medicare part d drug benefit. we also pay a 70% point of service discount to the cms when the medicare part d beneficiaries are in the coverage gap. the estimated amount of unpaid or unbilled rebates and discounts is presented as a liability.
other rebates, returns, discounts and adjustments other gtn sales adjustments include sales returns and all other programs based on applicable laws and regulations for individual non-u.s. countries as well as rebates offered to managed healthcare organizations in the u.s. to a lesser extent. the non-u.s. programs include several different pricing schemes such as cost caps, volume discounts, outcome-based pricing schemes and pricing claw-backs that are based on sales of individual companies or an aggregation of all companies participating in a specific market. the estimated amount of unpaid or unbilled rebates and discounts is presented as a liability.
estimated returns for established products are determined after considering historical experience and other factors including levels of inventory in the distribution channel, estimated shelf life, product recalls, product discontinuances, price changes of competitive products, introductions of generic products, introductions of competitive new products and lower demand following the loss of market exclusivity. estimated returns for new products are determined after considering historical sales return experience of similar products, such as those within the same product line, similar therapeutic area and/or similar distribution model and estimated levels of inventory in the distribution channel and projected demand. the estimated amount for product returns is presented as a liability.
use of information from external sources information from external sources is used to estimate gtn adjustments. our estimate of inventory at the wholesalers is based on the projected prescription demand-based sales for our products and historical inventory experience, as well as our analysis of third-party information, including written and oral information obtained from certain wholesalers with respect to their inventory levels and sell-through to customers and third-party market research data, and our internal information. the inventory information received from wholesalers is a product of their recordkeeping process and excludes inventory held by intermediaries to whom they sell, such as retailers and hospitals.
we have also continued the practice of combining retail and mail prescription volume on a retail-equivalent basis. we use this methodology for internal demand forecasts. we also use information from external sources to identify prescription trends, patient demand and average selling prices. our estimates are subject to inherent limitations of estimates that rely on third-party information, as certain third-party information was itself in the form of estimates, and reflect other limitations including lags between the date as of which third-party information is generated and the date on which we receive third-party information.
acquisition and intangible assets valuations we make certain judgments to determine whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions of assets or as business combinations. if it is determined that substantially all of the fair value of gross assets acquired in a transaction is concentrated in a single asset (or a group of similar assets), the transaction is treated as an acquisition of assets. we evaluate the inputs, processes, and outputs associated with the acquired set of activities and assets. if the assets in a transaction include an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs, the transaction is treated as an acquisition of a business. our assessments concluded that the turning point transaction was a business combination in 2022 and the myokardia transaction in 2020 was an asset acquisition.
we account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed generally be recorded at their fair values as of the acquisition date. excess of consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. estimating fair value requires us to make significant judgments and assumptions.
in transactions accounted for as acquisitions of assets, no goodwill is recorded and contingent consideration, such as payments upon achievement of various developmental, regulatory and commercial milestones, generally is not recognized at the acquisition date. in an asset acquisition, upfront payments allocated to iprd projects at the acquisition date are expensed unless there is an alternative future use. in addition, product development milestones are expensed upon achievement.
we have identifiable intangible assets that are measured at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. generally, we engage an independent third-party valuation firm to assist in determining the fair values of these assets as of the acquisition date. the fair value of these assets is estimated using discounted cash flow models. these models required the use of the following significant estimates and assumptions among others:
identification of product candidates with sufficient substance requiring separate recognition;
estimates of revenues and operating profits related to commercial products or product candidates;
eligible patients, pricing and market share used in estimating future revenues;
probability of success for unapproved product candidates and additional indications for commercial products;
resources required to complete the development and approval of product candidates;
timing of regulatory approvals and exclusivity;
appropriate discount rate by products;
market participant income tax rates; and
allocation of expected synergies to products.
we believe the fair value used to record intangible assets acquired are based upon reasonable estimates and assumptions considering the facts and circumstances as of the acquisition date.
impairment and amortization of long-lived assets, including intangible assets long-lived assets include intangible assets and property, plant and equipment and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable or at least annually for iprd. intangible assets are highly vulnerable to impairment charges, particularly newly acquired assets for recently launched products or iprd. these assets are initially measured at fair value and therefore any reduction in expectations used in the valuations could potentially lead to impairment. some of the more common potential risks leading to impairment include changes in competitive landscape, earlier than expected loss of market exclusivity, pricing reductions, adverse regulatory changes or clinical study results, delay or failure to obtain regulatory approval for initial or follow on indications and unanticipated development costs, inability to achieve expected synergies resulting from cost savings and avoidance, higher operating costs, changes in tax laws and other macro-economic changes. the complexity in estimating the fair value of intangible assets in connection with an impairment test is similar to the initial valuation. if the carrying value of long-lived assets exceeds its fair value, then the asset is written-down to its fair value. expectations of future cash flows are subject to change based upon the near and long-term production volumes and margins generated by the asset as well as any potential alternative future use. the estimated useful lives of long-lived assets is subjective and requires significant judgment regarding patent lives, future plans and external market factors. long-lived assets are also periodically reviewed for changes in facts or circumstances resulting in a reduction to the estimated useful life of the asset, requiring the acceleration of depreciation or amortization. impairment charges included in cost of products sold and research and development expense were $101 million in 2022, $1.2 billion in 2021 and $1.1 billion in 2020. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 15. goodwill and other intangible assets" for further discussion and analysis of these impairment charges.
income taxes valuation allowances are recognized to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. the assessment of whether or not a valuation allowance is required often requires significant judgment including long-range forecasts of future taxable income and evaluation of tax planning initiatives. adjustments to the deferred tax valuation allowances are made to earnings in the period when such assessments are made. our deferred tax assets were $4.1 billion at december 31, 2022 (net of valuation allowance of $873 million) and $2.7 billion at december 31, 2021 (net of valuation allowance of $1.1 billion).
the u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards were $709 million at december 31, 2022. these carryforwards were acquired as a result of certain acquisitions and are subject to limitations under section 382 of the internal revenue code. the net operating loss carryforwards expire in varying amounts beginning in 2023. the foreign and state net operating loss carryforwards expire in varying amounts beginning in 2023 (certain amounts have unlimited lives).
prior to the mead johnson split-off in 2009, the following transactions occurred: (i) an internal spin-off of mead johnson shares while still owned by us; (ii) conversion of mead johnson class b shares to class a shares; and (iii) conversion of mead johnson & company to a limited liability company. these transactions as well as the split-off of mead johnson through the exchange offer should qualify as tax-exempt transactions under the internal revenue code based upon a private letter ruling received from the internal revenue service related to the conversion of mead johnson class b shares to class a shares, and outside legal opinions.
certain assumptions, representations and covenants by mead johnson were relied upon regarding the future conduct of its business and other matters which could affect the tax treatment of the exchange. for example, the current tax law generally creates a presumption that the exchange would be taxable to us, if mead johnson or its shareholders were to engage in transactions that result in a 50% or greater change in its stock ownership during a four year period beginning two years before the exchange offer, unless it is established that the exchange offer were not part of a plan or series of related transactions to effect such a change in ownership. if the internal spin-off or exchange offer were determined not to qualify as a tax exempt transaction, the transaction could be subject to tax as if the exchange was a taxable sale by us at market value.
in addition, a negative basis or excess loss account ("ela") existed in our investment in stock of mead johnson prior to these transactions. we received an opinion from outside legal counsel to the effect that it is more likely than not that we eliminated the ela as part of these transactions and do not have taxable income with respect to the ela. the tax law in this area is complex and it is possible that even if the internal spin-off and the exchange offer is tax exempt under the internal revenue code, the internal revenue service could assert that we have additional taxable income for the period with respect to the ela. we could be exposed to additional taxes if this were to occur. based upon our understanding of the internal revenue code and opinion from outside legal counsel, a tax reserve of $244 million was established reducing the gain on disposal of mead johnson included in discontinued operations in 2009. in december 2022, we have determined this position to be effectively settled and have released the related reserves.
we agreed to certain tax related indemnities with mead johnson as set forth in the tax sharing agreement, including certain taxes related to its business prior to the completion of the initial public offering and created as part of the restructuring to facilitate the ipo. mead johnson has also agreed to indemnify us for potential tax effects resulting from the breach of certain representations discussed above as well as certain transactions related to the acquisition of mead johnson's stock or assets.
liabilities are established for possible assessments by tax authorities resulting from known tax exposures including, but not limited to, transfer pricing matters, tax credits and deductibility of certain expenses. such liabilities represent a reasonable provision for taxes ultimately expected to be paid and may need to be adjusted over time as more information becomes known.
for discussions on income taxes, refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 1. accounting policies and recently issued accounting standards-income taxes" and "-note 7. income taxes."
contingencies in the normal course of business, we are subject to contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business, that cover a wide range of matters, including, among others, government investigations, shareholder lawsuits, product and environmental liability, contractual claims and tax matters. we recognize accruals for such contingencies when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. these estimates are subject to uncertainties that are difficult to predict and, as such, actual results could vary from these estimates.
for discussions on contingencies, refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 1. accounting policies and recently issued accounting standards-contingencies," "-note 7. income taxes" and "-note 20. legal proceedings and contingencies."
product and pipeline developments our r&d programs are managed on a portfolio basis from early discovery through late-stage development and include a balance of early-stage and late-stage programs to support future growth. our late stage r&d programs in phase iii development include both investigational compounds for initial indications and additional indications or formulations for marketed products. spending on these programs represents approximately 40% of our annual r&d expenses in the last three years. opdivo was the only investigational compound or marketed product that represented greater than 10% of our r&d expenses in the last three years. our late-stage development programs could potentially have an impact on our revenue and earnings within the next few years if regulatory approvals are obtained and products are successfully commercialized. the following are the late-stage new indication developments in our marketed products, as well as developments in our late-stage pipeline through february 2, 2023:
product        indication        date        developments opdivo            bladder                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     april 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         announced ec approval of opdivo for the adjuvant treatment of adults with muscle-invasive urothelial carcinoma with tumor cell pd-li expression &gt; 1% who are at risk of recurrence after undergoing radical resection. the approval is based on results from the phase iii checkmate -274 trial.
march 2022        ono, our alliance partner for opdivo in japan, announced that the japan's ministry of health, labour and welfare approved opdivo for the adjuvant treatment of urothelial carcinoma, for partial change in approved items of the manufacturing and marketing approval. the approval is based on results from the phase iii checkmate-274 (ono-4538-33) trial.
escc              may 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ono, our alliance partner for opdivo in japan, announced that japan's ministry of health, labour and welfare approved opdivo in combination with fluoropyrimidine- and platinum- containing chemotherapy for the first-line treatment for adult patients with previously untreated unresectable advanced or metastatic escc with pd-l1 expression &gt; 1%, as well as in the all-randomized population. the approval is based on the phase iii checkmate -648 trial (ono-4538-50/ca209648).
may 2022          announced fda approval of opdivo in combination with fluoropyrimidine- and platinum- containing chemotherapy as a first-line treatment for adult patients with unresectable advanced or metastatic escc regardless of pd-l1 status. the approval is based on the phase iii checkmate -648 trial.
april 2022        announced ec approval of opdivo in combination with fluoropyrimidine- and platinum-based chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of adult patients with unresectable advanced, recurrent, or metastatic escc with pd-l1 expression &gt; 1%. the approval is based on results from the phase iii checkmate -648 trial.
melanoma          october 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                announced that results from the phase iii checkmate -76k trial evaluating opdivo in the adjuvant setting in patients with completely resected stage iib or iic melanoma demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful benefit in recurrence-free survival and the risk of recurrence or death was reduced by 58% versus placebo. no new safety signals were observed.
march 2022        announced that the phase iii pivot io-001 trial did not meet the primary endpoints of progression-free survival (pfs) and objective response rate (orr) in patients with previously untreated unresectable or metastatic melanoma who were treated with bempegaldesleukin in combination with opdivo compared to opdivo monotherapy. the dmc notified the companies that the third primary endpoint of overall survival (os) did not meet statistical significance at the first interim analysis. the trial was conducted in collaboration with nektar. the trial will be unblinded and no additional analyses for the os endpoint will be performed.
based on subsequent results from pre-planned analyses of two late-stage clinical studies in rcc and bladder cancer, coupled with the results of pivot io-001 noted above, bms and nektar have jointly decided to end the global clinical development program for bempegaldesleukin in combination with opdivo.
product        indication        date        developments opdivo               nsclc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       april 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ono, our alliance partner for opdivo in japan, announced that the companies have submitted the supplemental japanese nda to pharmaceuticals and medical devices agency for opdivo to expand its use as a neoadjuvant treatment of resectable nsclc in combination with chemotherapy for a partial change in approved items of the manufacturing and marketing approval in japan. the application is based on the phase iii checkmate -816 study.
april 2022           announced results from the phase iii checkmate-816 trial which showed that neoadjuvant treatment with opdivo in combination with chemotherapy significantly improved event-free survival, a primary endpoint, compared to chemotherapy alone in patients with resectable nsclc. opdivo in combination with chemotherapy reduced the risk of disease recurrence, progression or death by 37%, and demonstrated favorable early overall survival trend.
march 2022           announced that the ema validated the type ii variation application for opdivo in combination with chemotherapy for the neoadjuvant treatment of patients with resectable stage ib to iiia nsclc. the application is based on results from the phase iii checkmate-816 trial.
march 2022           announced fda approval of opdivo in combination with platinum-doublet chemotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with resectable nsclc in the neoadjuvant setting. the approval is based on the phase iii checkmate-816 trial.
rcc                  april 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  announced, with our alliance partner nektar, that based on results from pre-planned analysis of two late-stage clinical studies of bempegaldesleukin in combination with opdivo in rcc and bladder cancer, to jointly end the global clinical development program for bempegaldesleukin in combination with opdivo. these studies and all other ongoing studies in the program will be discontinued.
february 2022        announced two-year follow-up results from analysis of the phase iii checkmate-9er trial, demonstrating sustained survival, response rate benefits, and health-related quality of life improvements, with the combination of opdivo and cabometyx* versus sunitinib in the first-line treatment of advanced rcc.
opdivo + yervoy         rcc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          july 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      announced that part a of the phase iii checkmate -914 trial, evaluating opdivo plus yervoy as an adjuvant treatment for patients with localized rcc who have undergone full or partial removal of the kidney and who are at moderate or high risk of relapse, did not meet the primary endpoint of disease-free survival. the safety profile was consistent with previously reported studies of the opdivo plus yervoy combination in solid tumors.
nsclc                   june 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    announced five-year follow up results from part i of the phase iii checkmate -227 trial demonstrating long-term, durable survival outcomes with opdivo plus yervoy in first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nsclc regardless of pd-l1 expression levels. in the primary endpoint population, the combination nearly doubled overall survival rate compared to chemotherapy.
june 2022               announced three-year follow up results from the phase iii checkmate -9la trial demonstrating long-term, durable survival benefits with opdivo plus yervoy with two cycles of chemotherapy compared to four cycles of chemotherapy in patients with previously untreated metastatic nsclc regardless of pd-l1 expression and histology.
bladder                 may 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     announced that results from phase iii checkmate -901 trial, comparing opdivo plus yervoy to standard-of-care chemotherapy as a first-line treatment for patients with untreated unresectable or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, who are ineligible for cisplatin based chemotherapy, did not meet the primary endpoint of overall survival in patients whose tumor cells express pd-l1 &gt; 1% at final analysis. the trial is continuing to assess other primary and secondary endpoints, no new safety signals were observed at the time of analysis.
escc                    may 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ono, our alliance partner for opdivo plus yervoy in japan, announced that japan's ministry of health, labour and welfare approved opdivo in combination with fluoropyrimidine- and platinum- containing chemotherapy for the first-line treatment for adult patients with previously untreated unresectable advanced or metastatic escc with pd-l1 expression 1%, as well as in the all-randomized population. the approval is based on the phase iii checkmate -648 trial.
may 2022                announced fda approval of opdivo plus yervoy as a first-line treatment for adult patients with unresectable advanced or metastatic escc regardless of pd-l1 status. the approval is based on the phase iii checkmate -648 trial.
april 2022              announced ec approval of opdivo plus yervoy for the first-line treatment of adult patients with unresectable advanced, recurrent or metastatic escc with tumor cell pd-l1 expression &gt; 1%. the approval is based on results from the phase iii checkmate -648 trial.
product        indication        date        developments orencia        covid-19       june 2022         announced that initial results from the phase iii accelerating covid-19 therapeutic interventions and vaccines (activ-1) immune modulators clinical trial sponsored by the national institutes of health showed a strong, but not statistically significant improvement in the primary endpoint of time to recovery as measured by day of hospital discharge. analyses of the secondary endpoints, including mortality and clinical status, demonstrated orencia reduced participants' risk of death and improved their clinical status at 28 days after entering the study when compared with placebo.
reblozyl          beta thalassemia                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          january 2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            announced that the committee for medicinal product for human use (chmp) of the european medicines agency (ema) has recommended approval of reblozyl as a treatment for adult patients with anemia associated with non-transfusion-dependent (ntd) beta thalassemia.
june 2022         announced the withdrawal of the sbla for reblozyl for the treatment of anemia in adults with non-transfusion dependent beta thalassemia. we could not appropriately address the fda's questions about the benefit-risk profile of reblozyl in this patient population based on the current dataset from the phase ii beyond trial.
mds               october 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              announced that results from the phase iii commands trial evaluating reblozyl met its primary endpoint, demonstrating a highly statistically significant and clinical meaningful improvement in red blood cell transfusion independence with concurrent hemoglobin increase in the first-line treatment of adult patients with very low-, low- or intermediate-risk mds who require red blood cell transfusions.
abecma               multiple myeloma                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  august 2022       announced with our alliance partner, 2seventy bio, inc., positive topline results from the phase iii karmma-3 trial evaluating abecma compared to standard combination regimens in adults with multiple myeloma that is relapsed and refractory after two to four prior lines of therapy and refractory to the last regimen showing abecma significantly improves progression-free survival. treatment with abecma also showed an improvement in the key secondary endpoint of overall response rate compared to standard regimens.
january 2022         announced japan's ministry of health, labour and welfare approval of abecma for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma, who have received at least three prior therapies, including an immunomodulatory agent, a proteasome inhibitor and an anti-cd38 antibody, and have either experienced disease progression on the last therapy or relapse after the last therapy. the approval is based on results from the phase ii bb2121-mm-001 and phase i crb-401 trials.
zeposia        ms                   october 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           announced retrospective analysis from the ongoing phase iii daybreak open-label extension trial of zeposia in relapsing ms showed that more than 92% of participants mounted a serologic response to covid-19 following vaccination, with 10% covid-19-related adverse events in vaccinated participants, all non-serious. post hoc analyses from the phase iii daybreak and radiance trials demonstrated a greater proportion of patients treated with zeposia versus interferon beta-1a had a lower annualized rate of brain volume loss.
uc             october 2022         announced post hoc analyses from the phase iii true north study evaluating the duration of response following continuous zeposia treatment for up to one year and following treatment interruption in patients with moderately to severely active uc. after achieving a clinical response at the end of the induction period, 86.1% of patients who remained on zeposia showed no disease relapse at week 52. disease control was maintained for up to eight weeks in patients who switched to placebo after initial response.
product        indication        date        developments breyanzi             lymphoma                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    january 2023         announced positive topline results from the phase ii portion of the transcend cll 004, a phase i/ii, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study evaluating breyanzi in adults with relapsed or refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia or small lymphocytic lymphoma. the study met the primary endpoint of complete response rate compared to historical control.
december 2022        announced japan's ministry of health, labour and welfare approval of breyanzi for use in the second-line treatment of relapsed or refractory large b-cell lymphoma, regardless of whether autologous hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation is intended. the approval is based on the results of clinical trials in patients with relapsed or refractory aggressive b-cell non-hodgkin lymphoma after first-line therapy, including global phase iii clinical trials (jcar017-bcm-003) in patients intended for autologous hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation, phase ii clinical trials (017006) in the united states (u.s.) in patients not intended for autologous hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation, and cohort 2 of phase ii clinical trials (jcar017-bcm-001) in europe and japan.
june 2022            announced fda approval of breyanzi for the second-line treatment of adult patients with large b-cell lymphoma, including diffuse large b-cell lymphoma not otherwise specified high-grade b-cell lymphoma, primary mediastinal large b-cell lymphoma and follicular lymphoma grade 3b who have: refractory disease to first line chemoimmunotherapy or relapsed within 12 months of first-line chemoimmunotherapy; or refractory disease to first-line chemoimmunotherapy or relapse after first-line chemoimmunotherapy and are not eligible for hematopoietic stem cell transplant due to comorbidities or age. the approval is based on results from the phase ii pilot and phase iii transform trials.
june 2022            announced that the ema validated its type ii variation application for extension of the indication for breyanzi in second-line treatment of adult patients with diffuse large b-cell lymphoma, high grade b-cell lymphoma, primary mediastinal large b-cell lymphoma and follicular lymphoma grade 3b, who are refractory or have relapsed within 12 months of initial therapy and are candidates for hematopoietic stem cell transplant. the application is based on the phase iii transform study.
april 2022           announced ec approval of breyanzi for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large b-cell lymphoma, primary mediastinal large b-cell lymphoma, and follicular lymphoma grade 3b after two or more lines of systemic therapy. the approval is based on results from the transcend world and transcend nhl 001 trials.
opdualag          melanoma                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    september 2022       announced ec approval of the fixed-dose combination of opdualag for the first-line treatment of advanced unresectable or metastatic melanoma in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older with tumor cell pd-l1 expression &lt; 1%. the approval is based on results from the phase ii/iii relativity -047 trial.
march 2022        announced fda approval of opdualag (nivolumab and relatlimab-rmbw), a fixed-dose combination of nivolumab and relatlimab, a novel lag-3 inhibitor, for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age or older with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. the approval is based on results from the phase ii/iii relativity-047 trial.
camzyos (mavacamten)       obstructive hcm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               october 2022         announced that the fda accepted the supplemental nda for camzyos for an expanded indication to reduce the need for septal reduction therapy. the fda has set a target action date of june 16, 2023. the supplemental nda is based on results from the phase iii valor-hcm trial.
april 2022                 announced fda approval of camzyos for the treatment of adults with symptomatic new york heart association class ii-iii obstructive hcm to improve functional capacity and symptoms. the approval is based on results from the phase iii explorer-hcm trial.
april 2022                 announced that interim results from the explorer-lte cohort of the mava-lte trial in patients with symptomatic obstructive hcm showed sustained improvements in cardiovascular function and patient symptoms at 48 and 84 weeks, no new safety signals were observed.
product        indication        date        developments sotyktu              plaque psoriasis                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          january 2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            the chmp of the ema has recommended the approval of sotyktu for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. the chmp recommendation will now be reviewed by the ec which has the authority to approve medicines of the ec.
september 2022       announced japan's ministry of health, labour and welfare approval of sotyktu for treatment of plaque psoriasis, generalized pustular psoriasis, or erythrodermic psoriasis, for patients who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapies. the approval is based on the results from the phase iii poetyk pso-1 trial.
september 2022       announced fda approval of sotyktu for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. the approval is based on results from the phase iii poetyk pso-1 and poetyk pso-2 clinical trials.
september 2022       announced two-year results from the poetyk pso long-term extension trial demonstrating that clinical efficacy was maintained with continuous sotyktu treatment in adult patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
sle                  june 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 announced results from the phase ii paisley trial that showed statistically significant efficacy at the primary endpoint of sle responder index-4 responses at week 32 among patients with moderate-to-severe sle who were treated with sotyktu versus placebo. secondary endpoints demonstrated clinically meaningful improvements at week 48. the safety profile of sotyktu was consistent with previously reported studies in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis with no new safety signals observed. data demonstrated favorable risk-benefit profile supportive of progressing into phase iii.
special note regarding forward-looking statements this 2022 form 10-k (including documents incorporated by reference) and other written and oral statements we make from time to time contain certain "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act, and section 21e of the exchange act. you can identify these forward-looking statements by the fact they use words such as "should," "could," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "target," "may," "project," "guidance," "intend," "plan," "believe," "will" and other words and terms of similar meaning and expression in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. one can also identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. such forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and projections about our future financial results, goals, plans and objectives and involve inherent risks, assumptions and uncertainties, including internal or external factors that could delay, divert or change any of them in the next several years, and could cause our future financial results, goals, plans and objectives to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the statements. these statements are likely to relate to, among other things, our goals, plans and objectives regarding our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, market position, product development, product approvals, sales efforts, expenses, performance or results of current and anticipated products, our business development strategy and in relation to our ability to realize the projected benefits of our acquisitions of celgene, myokardia, and turning point, the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our operations and the development and commercialization of our products, potential laws and regulations to lower drug prices, market actions taken by private and government payers to manage drug utilization and contain costs, the expiration of patents or data protection on certain products, including assumptions about our ability to retain marketing exclusivity of certain products, and the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings and financial results. no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. we have included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this 2022 form 10-k, particularly under "item 1a. risk factors," that we believe could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement.
although we believe that we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions, no assurance can be given that any goal or plan set forth in forward-looking statements can be achieved and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date made. additional risks that we may currently deem immaterial or that are not presently known to us could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in this 2022 form 10-k not to occur. except as otherwise required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise after the date of this 2022 form 10-k.