item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k and the exhibits hereto, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. this section contains forward-looking statements. you should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements set forth at the end of item 1. business of this annual report on form 10-k. the considerations and risks that follow are organized within relevant headings but may be relevant to other headings as well. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.
general risks challenging domestic and international economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
uncertainty around inflationary pressures, rising interest rates and monetary policy could potentially cause new, or exacerbate existing, economic challenges that we may face. these conditions could worsen, or others could arise, if the u.s. and global economies were to enter recessionary periods, triggered or exacerbated by monetary policy designed to curb inflation. if there were a general economic downturn, we may experience decreased customer spending or demand for our products and services, and our customers' ability to pay for our products on a timely basis, or at all, may be impacted. the same economic conditions could also adversely affect our third-party vendors, including those that we utilize in our supply-chain and manufacturing operations, which may lead to a reduction or interruption in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products or increase the price of such materials or components, as well as the distributors and dealers who offer our products in certain countries and markets. inflationary pressure may also increase certain operational costs, including due to wage increases, or increases in the cost of materials or components. these adverse economic conditions or events could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
further, uncertainty about global economic conditions, including those resulting from credit and sovereign debt issues, has caused and may continue to cause disruption in the financial markets, including diminished liquidity and credit availability. these conditions may adversely affect our suppliers, leading them to experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which could cause disruptions in our ability to produce our products. our customers may experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which may adversely impact their ability or decision to purchase our products, particularly capital equipment, or to pay for our products that they purchase on a timely basis, if at all. in addition, we have accounts receivable factoring programs in certain european and asian countries. deterioration of the global economy or increase in sovereign debt issues may impact our ability to transfer receivables to third parties in certain of those countries. third parties, such as banks, offering factoring programs in these countries are looking to reduce their exposure levels to government owned or supported debt. this could result in terminations of, or changes to the costs or credit limits of our existing factoring programs. such terminations or changes could have a negative impact on our cash flow and days sales outstanding. uncertain or challenging economic conditions could also lead to greater fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial performance.
there can be no assurance that there will not be further deterioration in the global economy. accordingly, we cannot predict to what extent global economic conditions, including negative or uncertain economic conditions, sovereign debt issues and increased focus on healthcare systems and costs in the u.s. and abroad, may impact negatively our average selling prices, net sales and profit margins, operations, procedural volumes and reimbursement rates from third party payers. in addition, economic and financial market conditions, including rising interest rates, and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect our ability to borrow money in the credit markets, access the capital markets and obtain financing for mergers and acquisitions (m&a) or other general purposes.
market risks we face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the medical device markets in which we participate are highly competitive. we encounter significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold from various medical device companies. some of our competitors may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, including as a result of consolidation among companies in our industry. our primary competitors include abbott laboratories and medtronic plc, as well as a wide range of medical device companies that sell a single or limited number of competitive products or which participate in only a specific market segment or segments. we also face competition from non-medical device companies, including pharmaceutical companies and providers of various diagnostic tests, which may offer alternative therapies or diagnostics for disease states also amenable to treatment or diagnosis using our products. new competitors may emerge in the future, potentially including companies introducing new sales or distribution models to our industry or leveraging genomic robotic, navigation, and/or other automation technologies. digital technologies have and may continue to increase in their applicability and importance to various aspects of our business, operating and competitive environments, r&d pipeline and product portfolio. we believe we will need to develop new and enhanced digital capabilities and competences in order to remain competitive.
in addition, the medical device markets in which we participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. developments by other companies of products and/or services, processes or technologies may make our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive and may negatively impact our net sales. it is necessary for us to devote continued efforts and financial resources to the development or acquisition of scientifically advanced technologies and products. in addition, we will need to apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. if we fail to develop or acquire new products or enhance existing products, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, a delay in the timing of the launch of next-generation products and the overall performance of, and continued physician confidence in, those products may result in declines in our market share and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we may experience declines in market size, average selling prices for our products, medical procedure volumes and our share of the markets in which we compete, which may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers as the healthcare industry consolidates, national and regional government tenders, economic pressures experienced by our customers, staffing shortages within healthcare facilities that have and may continue to negatively impact demand for our products, public perception of our products, and the impact of managed care organizations and other third-party payers. these and other factors may adversely impact market sizes, as well as our share of the markets in which we compete, the average selling prices for our products or medical procedure volumes. there can be no assurance that the size of the markets in which we compete will increase, that we will be able to hold or gain market share or compete effectively on the basis of price or that the number of procedures in which our products are used will increase. decreases in market sizes or our market share and declines in average selling prices or procedural volumes could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
continued consolidation in the healthcare industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing and access in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
numerous initiatives and reforms by legislators, regulators and third-party payers to curb the rising cost of healthcare, and to increase access to care, have catalyzed a consolidation of aggregate purchasing power within the markets in which we sell our products. additionally, a growing number of countries have instituted or are contemplating introducing regional or national tender processes driven primarily by price. in some cases, such processes may favor local companies to multinational companies like boston scientific. in other instances, multinationals may be subject to a separate tender bidding process in which they compete only with each other and not with domestic companies. further, in certain markets, the regulatory process through which new medical devices are approved may be faster and/or less burdensome for domestic companies compared to multinationals. as the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide products and services is expected to continue to intensify, resulting in pricing pressures, decreased average selling prices and the exclusion of certain suppliers from important market segments. we expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services and may adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
healthcare cost containment pressures, government payment and delivery system reforms, changes in private payer policies, and marketplace consolidations could decrease the demand for our products, the prices which customers are willing to pay for those products and/or the number of procedures performed using our devices, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our products are purchased principally by hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers around the world that typically bill various third-party payers, including government programs, authorities or agencies (e.g., medicare and medicaid in the u.s.) and private health plans, for the healthcare supplies and services provided to their patients. governments and payers may institute changes in healthcare delivery or payment systems that may reduce funding for services or encourage greater scrutiny of healthcare costs. the ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products and services is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. reimbursement and funding vary by country and can significantly impact the acceptance of new products and technologies and the use of established products and technologies. we may find limited demand for otherwise promising new products unless reimbursement approval is obtained from private and governmental third-party payers. further legislative or administrative reforms to the reimbursement systems in the u.s., japan, china, or other countries in a manner that significantly reduce or eliminate reimbursement for procedures using our medical devices, including price regulation, site of service requirements, competitive bidding and tendering, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, heightened clinical data requirements, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations geopolitical risks we are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal and regulatory risks and uncertainties with respect to our international operations that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
international net sales accounted for 40 percent of our global net sales in 2022. an important part of our strategy is to continue pursuing growth opportunities in net sales and market share outside of the u.s. by expanding global presence, including in emerging markets. our international operations are subject to a number of market, business and financial risks and uncertainties, including those related to our use of channel partners, go-to-market strategies, geopolitical and economic instability, foreign currency exchange and interest rate fluctuations, competitive product offerings, local changes in healthcare financing and payment systems and healthcare delivery systems, local product preferences and requirements, including preferences for local manufacturers, workforce instability, weaker intellectual property protection in certain countries than exists in the u.s. and longer accounts receivable cycles. such risks and uncertainties may adversely impact our ability to implement our growth strategy in these markets and, as a result, our sales growth, market share and operating profits from our international operations may be adversely affected.
our international operations are subject to established and developing legal and regulatory requirements for medical devices in each country in which our products are marketed and sold. most foreign countries have medical device regulations. further, most countries outside of the u.s. require product approvals be renewed or re-certified on a regular basis in order to continue to be marketed and sold there. in addition, several countries that previously did not have regulatory requirements for medical devices have established such requirements in recent years and other countries have expanded, or plan to expand, existing regulations, including requiring local clinical data in addition to global clinical data. these factors have caused or may cause us to experience more uncertainty, risk, expense and delay in obtaining approvals and commercializing products in certain jurisdictions, which could adversely impact our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations.
further, international markets are affected by economic pressure to contain healthcare costs, which can lead to more rigorous evidence requirements and lower reimbursement rates for either our products directly or procedures in which our products are used. governments and payers may also institute changes in healthcare delivery systems that may reduce funding for services, seek payback from market participants, or encourage greater scrutiny of healthcare costs. in addition, certain international markets may also be affected by foreign government efforts to reference reimbursement rates in other countries. all of these types of changes may ultimately reduce selling prices of our products and/or reduce the number of procedures in which our products are used, which may adversely impact our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations.
in addition, our international operations are subject to other established and developing u.s. and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, including fcpa and/or similar laws in other countries and u.s. and foreign import and export controls and licensing requirements, trade protection and embargo measures and customs laws. global businesses, including those in the medical device industry, are facing increasing scrutiny of, and heightened enforcement efforts with respect to, their international operations. any alleged or actual failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements may subject us to government scrutiny, civil and/or criminal proceedings, sanctions and other liabilities, which may have a material adverse effect on our international operations, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity.
the us-china relationship will continue to shape the geopolitical stage. legislation aimed at boosting competitiveness of u.s. businesses may have unintended effects on our business. we may also face greater competition in china, among other countries, from domestic medical device companies that may benefit from their status as local manufacturers and suppliers. ultimately, tariffs and other protectionist measures, as well as prolonged uncertainty, may have adverse effects on our ability to source and manufacture products in a timely and cost effective manner, thereby adversely affecting our business.
lastly, sanctions and export restrictions are expected to continue to proliferate, leading to greater uncertainty in emerging and growth markets. notably the russia/ukraine war has created barriers to doing business in russia, and the tension between china/taiwan has created geopolitical shifts in asia. any significant changes in the political, economic, financial, competitive, legal and regulatory or reimbursement conditions where we conduct, or plan to expand, our international operations may have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
credit and financial risks if we are unable to manage our debt levels, maintain investment grade credit ratings at the three ratings agencies, or if we experience a disruption in our cash flows, it could have an adverse effect on our cost of borrowing, financial condition or results of operations.
as part of our strategy to maximize stockholder value, we use financial leverage to manage our cost of capital. our outstanding debt balance was $8.935 billion as of december 31, 2022. although we currently have investment grade ratings at moody's investor service, standard & poor's rating service and fitch ratings, our inability to maintain investment grade credit ratings could increase our cost of borrowing funds in the future and reduce our access to liquidity. uncertain or negative economic conditions, as well as rising interest rates, could also increase our cost of borrowing in the future or reduce our access to liquidity. delays in our product development and new product launches could result in disruption in our cash flow or our ability to continue to effectively manage our debt levels, which could have an adverse effect on our cost of borrowing, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, our credit agreements contain a financial covenant that require us to maintain a minimum specified leverage ratio and place other limits on our business. if we are unable to satisfy this covenant, we may be required to obtain waivers from our lenders and no assurance can be made that our lenders would grant such waivers on favorable terms or at all and we could be required to repay any borrowings on demand.
we may record future intangible asset impairment charges related to one or more of our global reporting units, which could materially adversely impact our results of operations.
we test our goodwill balances in the second quarter of each year as of april 1 for impairment, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest an impairment may exist. we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. we also test our indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present, and we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly for impairment. in evaluating the potential for impairment, we make assumptions regarding estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates.
on a quarterly basis, we monitor the key drivers of fair value to detect events or other changes that would warrant an interim impairment test of our goodwill and other intangible assets. relatively small declines in the future performance and cash flows of a reporting unit or asset group, changes in our reporting units or in the structure of our business as a result of future reorganizations, acquisitions or divestitures of assets or businesses, or small changes in other key assumptions, may result in the recognition of significant asset impairment charges, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
business and operational risks failure to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
as part of our strategy to realign our business portfolio, we have completed multiple acquisitions in recent years and may pursue additional acquisitions in the future. our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems and finance. these efforts result in additional expenses and involve significant management time. some of the factors that could affect the success of our acquisitions include, among others, the effectiveness of our due diligence process, our ability to execute our business plan for the acquired companies, the strength of the acquired technology, results of clinical trials, regulatory approvals and reimbursement levels of the acquired products and related procedures, the continued performance of critical transition services, our ability to adequately fund acquired in-process research and development projects and retain key employees and our ability to achieve synergies with our acquired companies, such as increasing sales of our products, achieving cost savings and effectively combining technologies to develop new products. in addition, foreign acquisitions involve unique risks, including those related to integration of operations across different geographies, cultures and languages, currency risks and risks associated with the economic, political, legal and regulatory environment in specific countries. our failure to manage successfully and coordinate the growth of the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business and our future growth. in addition, we cannot be certain that the businesses we acquire will become profitable or remain so, and if our acquisitions are not successful, we may record related asset impairment charges in the future or experience other negative consequences on our operating results.
we may not be successful in our strategy relating to future strategic acquisitions of, investments in, or alliances with, other companies and businesses.
our strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high quality medical devices. we face competition for acquisitions from other healthcare and non-healthcare acquirers, financial sponsors, and from the market for initial public offerings (ipos). some of our competitors in the medical device sector may have access to substantially greater amounts of cash than we do that could be deployed into m&a or strategic investments if they so choose. the market for ipos may also reduce the opportunities available to us for m&a and/or cause us to need to pay higher prices. if we are unsuccessful in our acquisitions, investments and alliances, it may adversely impact our ability to grow our business. any potential future acquisitions we consummate may be dilutive to our earnings and may require additional debt or equity financing, depending on their size or nature. the success of our strategy relating to future acquisitions, investments or alliances will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to:
•identify suitable opportunities for acquisition, investment or alliance, if at all,
•manage acquisition, investment or alliance opportunities within our capital capacity and prioritize those investments to execute on our strategy,
•manage our due diligence process to uncover potential issues with targets,
•finance any future acquisition, investment or alliance on terms acceptable to us, if at all,
•complete acquisitions, investments or alliances in a timely manner on terms that are satisfactory to us, if at all,
•successfully integrate and operate acquired businesses,
•successfully identify and retain key target employees,
•comply with applicable laws and regulations, including foreign laws and regulations, and
•protect intellectual property and prevail in litigation related to newly acquired technologies.
we may not realize the expected benefits from our restructuring and optimization initiatives, our long-term cost savings programs may result in an increase in short-term expenses and our efforts may lead to unintended consequences.
we monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry and the markets in which we compete, and assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital and our people, which we believe is important to our long-term success. as a result of these assessments, we have undertaken prior restructuring and optimization initiatives to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success. on february 22, 2023, our board of directors approved, and we committed to, a new global restructuring program (the 2023 restructuring plan) intended to support our efforts to expand operating performance and meet evolving global market demands and conditions by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value. the 2023 restructuring plan will further build on our global supply chain optimization strategy, which is intended to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network by transferring certain production lines among facilities and expanding operational efficiencies and resiliency. key activities under the 2023 restructuring plan will also include optimizing certain functional capabilities to better support business growth and achieve cost synergies. these activities are expected to be initiated in the first quarter of 2023, and substantially completed by the end of 2025. the 2023 restructuring plan is expected to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately $450 million to $550 million and reduce gross annual pre-tax expenses by approximately $225 million to $275 million by the end of 2025 as program benefits are realized. we expect a substantial portion of the savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. while we expect limited role reductions as a result of these restructuring activities, we anticipate that our overall employee base will remain relatively unchanged upon completion of the 2023 restructuring plan as new jobs are created in areas of growth and resources are deployed to support an expanding portfolio and growing global market needs. these measures could yield unintended consequences, such as distraction of our management and employees, reduced employee productivity, business disruption, and inability to attract or retain key personnel, which could negatively affect our business, sales, financial condition and results of operations. moreover, our restructuring and optimization initiatives result in charges and expenses which impact our operating results. we cannot guarantee that the activities under our restructuring plans or other optimization initiatives will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings.
our future growth is dependent upon the development of new products and enhancement of existing products, which requires significant research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals, all of which may be very expensive and time-consuming and may not result in commercially viable products.
in order to develop new products and enhance existing products, we focus our research and development programs largely on the development of next-generation and novel technology offerings across multiple programs and businesses. the development of new products and enhancement of existing products requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. the results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products, complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the u.s. and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products and gain and maintain market approval of our products. there can be no assurance that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. if we are unable to develop and launch new products and enhanced products, our ability to maintain or expand our market position in the markets in which we participate may be materially adversely impacted. further, we are continuing to investigate and have completed several acquisitions that involve opportunities to further expand our presence in and diversify into, priority growth areas by accessing new products and technologies. there can be no assurance that our investments will be successful or that we will be able to access new products and technologies on terms favorable to us, or that these products and technologies will achieve commercial feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. a delay in the development or approval of new products and technologies or our decision to reduce or terminate our investments may adversely impact the contribution of these technologies to our future growth.
additionally, certain products or groups of products, in particular new products or enhancements of existing products, may have a disproportionate impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. failure to meet growth projections, poor clinical outcomes, increasing regulatory requirements, launch delays and inability to effectively scale manufacturing and achieve targeted margins with respect to any of these products or groups of products in particular may materially adversely impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the global covid-19 pandemic and related impacts have had, and could in the future have, an adverse effect on our operations, financial performance and cash flows. we are unable to predict the extent to which the pandemic or a similar health crisis and related impacts may adversely impact our business operations, financial performance, results of operations, financial position and the achievement of our strategic objectives.
our operations, financial performance and cash flows have been, and could in the future continue to be, negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic and the risks and challenging macroeconomic conditions caused by the pandemic, including, but not limited to, disruptions in economic activity, global supply chains and labor markets, operational challenges such as site shutdowns, workplace disruptions or limited provider capacity to perform procedures using our products that were deferred as a result of the pandemic, volatile financial market dynamics and significant volatility in price and availability of goods and services. these and other risks and uncertainties related to the covid-19 pandemic and its related impacts could adversely affect our business operations, financial position, results of operations and the achievement of strategic objectives. because the severity, magnitude, and ultimate duration of the covid-19 pandemic, or similar health crisis, and its economic consequences are uncertain, subject to rapid change, and difficult to predict, the pandemic's future potential impact on our business, results of operations and financial performance remains uncertain and difficult to predict. further, the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic or similar health crisis on our results of operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including, but not limited, to: governmental, business and individuals' actions that have been and in the future may be taken in response to the pandemic or similar public health crises, the impact of the pandemic and actions taken in response on global and regional economies, general economic uncertainty in key global markets and financial market volatility, global economic conditions and levels of economic growth; and any continuing economic effects of the covid-19 pandemic even after it has subsided. the covid-19 pandemic and related impacts may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the risk factors in this annual report on form 10-k.
interruption of our supply chain or manufacturing operations, including resulting from natural disasters, further public health crises and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our products are designed and manufactured in technology centers around the world, either by us or third parties. in most cases, the manufacturing of any specific product is concentrated in one or a few locations. factors such as a failure to follow specific internal protocols and procedures, equipment malfunction, environmental factors or damage to one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products. in the event of an interruption in manufacturing, we may be unable to quickly move to alternate means of producing affected products or to meet customer demand. in the event of a significant interruption, for example, as a result of a failure to follow regulatory protocols and procedures, we may experience lengthy delays in resuming production of affected products due primarily to needs for regulatory approvals. as a result, we may experience loss of market share, which we may be unable to recapture and harm to our reputation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
disruptions in the supply of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products by third-party vendors or the sterilization of our products could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we purchase the majority of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products from third-party vendors. certain of these materials and components are purchased from single sources due to quality considerations, expertise, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. in certain cases, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement vendors for such materials or components in a timely or cost effective manner, largely as a result of fda regulations that require validation of materials and components prior to their use in our products and the complex nature of our and many of our vendors' manufacturing processes. further, uncertain or negative economic conditions, including as a result of inflationary pressures, rising interest rates or impacts from the covid-19 pandemic, could negatively affect our third-party vendors, which could lead to a reduction or interruption in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products or increase the price of such materials or components. a reduction or interruption in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products, an inability to timely develop and validate alternative sources if required or a significant increase in the price of such materials or components could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, many of our products require sterilization prior to sale and we utilize a mix of internal resources and contract sterilizers to perform this service. to the extent we or our contract sterilizers are unable to sterilize our products, whether due to capacity, availability of materials for sterilization, regulatory or other constraints, including federal and state regulations on the use of ethylene oxide, we may be unable to transition to alternative internal or external resources or methods in a timely or cost effective manner or at all, which could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
if we are unable to attract or retain key talent, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in our industry, there is substantial competition for key personnel in the regions in which we operate and we may face increased competition for such employees. our business depends to a significant extent on the continued service of senior management and other key personnel, the development of additional management personnel and the hiring of new qualified employees. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in retaining and developing existing personnel or recruiting new personnel. the loss of one or more key employees, our ability to attract or develop additional qualified employees or any delay in hiring key personnel could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations. additionally, the covid-19 pandemic has given rise to conditions that have created a highly competitive environment for talent. a shortage of skilled labor could also require higher wages that would increase labor costs. our ability to attract and retain key talent at all levels of our organization has been and could continue to be challenged by these conditions, and inability to attract and retain talent could result in material adverse impacts to our business and results of operations.
legal and regulatory risk factors healthcare policy changes may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
political, economic and policy influences are leading the healthcare industry to make substantial structural and financial changes that will continue affecting our results of operations. government and private sector initiatives aimed at limiting the growth of healthcare costs (including price regulation), coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, technology assessments, increasing price transparency and reforming healthcare delivery and payment structures, are continuing in many countries where we do business. we believe that these changes are causing the marketplace to put increased emphasis on the delivery of treatments that can reduce costs, improve efficiencies and/or increase patient access. although we believe our products and technologies generate favorable clinical outcomes, value and cost efficiency, while also being less invasive than alternatives, the resources and evidence necessary to demonstrate value to our customers, patients, payers and other stakeholders may be significant, and it may take a significant period of time to gain widespread adoption. moreover, there can be no assurance that our strategies will succeed for every product.
we cannot predict the specific healthcare programs and regulations that will be ultimately implemented by various regional and national governments. however, any changes that lower reimbursements for either our products and/or procedures using our products reduce medical procedure volumes and/or increase cost containment pressures on us or others in the healthcare sector could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we are subject to extensive and dynamic medical device regulation, which may impede or hinder the approval or sale of our products and, in some cases, may ultimately result in an inability to obtain approval of certain products or may result in the recall or seizure of previously approved products.
our products, marketing, sales and development activities and manufacturing processes are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the fda pursuant to the federal food, drug and cosmetic act (fdc act), by comparable agencies in foreign countries and by other regulatory agencies and governing bodies. under the fdc act, medical devices must receive fda clearance or approval or an exemption from such clearance or approval before they can be commercially marketed in the u.s. in the eu, we are required to comply with the new medical device regulation (mdr or eu mdr) effective may 2021 which supersedes the medical device directives. medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the current directives (issued before may 2021) can continue to be sold until the earlier of may 2024 or when the ce certificate expires, providing there are no significant changes to the design or intended use. updates to the legislative text of the eu mdr were adopted by the european parliament and are currently being reviewed for adoption by the council of the european union, including an extension of the transitional period to 2027 for class iib and iii and 2028 for class i and iia medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the prior directives (issued before may 2021). the ce mark is applied following approval from an independent notified body or declaration of conformity. the process of obtaining marketing approval or clearance from the fda or by comparable agencies in foreign countries for new products, or with respect to enhancements or modifications to existing products, could:
•take a significant period of time,
•require the expenditure of substantial resources,
•involve rigorous pre-clinical and clinical testing, as well as increased post-market surveillance,
•require changes to products and
•result in limitations on the indicated uses of products.
in addition, exported devices are subject to the regulatory requirements of each country to which the device is exported. some countries do not have medical device regulations, but in most countries, medical devices are regulated. frequently, regulatory approval may first be obtained in a foreign country prior to application in the u.s. due to differing regulatory requirements; however, other countries, such as china for example, require approval in the country of origin or legal manufacturer first. most countries outside of the u.s. require that product approvals be renewed or recertified on a regular basis, generally every four to five years. the renewal or recertification process requires that we evaluate any device changes and any new regulations or standards relevant to the device and conduct appropriate testing to document continued compliance. where renewal or recertification applications are required, they may need to be renewed and/or approved in order to continue selling our products in those countries. there can be no assurance that we will receive the required approvals for new products or modifications to existing products on a timely basis or that any approval will not be subsequently withdrawn or conditioned upon extensive post-market study requirements.
our global regulatory environment is becoming increasingly stringent and unpredictable, which could increase the time, cost and complexity of obtaining regulatory approvals, as well as the clinical and regulatory costs of supporting those approvals. several countries that did not previously have regulatory requirements for medical devices have established such requirements in recent years and other countries have expanded on existing regulations. certain regulators are exhibiting less flexibility and are requiring local preclinical and clinical data in addition to global data. while harmonization of global regulations has been pursued, requirements continue to differ significantly among countries. we expect this global regulatory environment will continue to evolve, which could impact our ability, or increase the time and cost, to obtain future approvals for our products.
the fda and other worldwide regulatory agencies actively monitor compliance with local laws and regulations through review and inspection of design and manufacturing practices, recordkeeping, reporting of adverse events, labeling and promotional practices. the fda can ban certain medical devices, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices, order repair, replacement or refund of these devices and require notification of health professionals and others with regard to medical devices that present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. the fda can take action against a company that promotes "off-label" uses. the fda may also enjoin and restrain a company for certain violations of the fdc act and other amending laws pertaining to medical devices, or initiate action for criminal prosecution of such violations. any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict a company from effectively marketing and selling its products, may limit a company's ability to obtain future premarket clearances or approvals and could result in a substantial modification to our business practices and operations. international sales of medical devices manufactured in the u.s. that are not approved by the fda for use in the u.s., or that are banned or deviate from lawful performance standards, are subject to fda export requirements.
regulations regarding the development, manufacture and sale of medical devices are evolving and subject to future change. we cannot predict what impact, if any, those changes might have on our business. failure to comply with regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or manufacturer could result in fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances or approvals, seizures or recalls of products, physician advisories or other field actions, operating restrictions and/or criminal prosecution. we may also initiate field actions as a result of a failure to strictly comply with our internal quality policies. the failure to receive product approval clearance on a timely basis, suspensions of regulatory clearances, seizures or recalls of products, physician advisories or other field actions, or the withdrawal of product approval by the fda or by comparable agencies in foreign countries could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our products are continually subject to clinical trials and other analyses conducted by us, our competitors or other third parties, the results of which may be unexpected, or perceived as unfavorable by the market, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
as a part of the regulatory process of obtaining marketing clearance for new products and new indications for existing products, we conduct and participate in numerous clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations and trial endpoints. unexpected or inconsistent clinical data from existing or future clinical trials or other analyses conducted by us, by our competitors or by third parties, including acquired businesses prior to acquisition by us, or the fda's or the market's perception of this clinical data, may adversely impact our ability to obtain product approvals, our position in, and share of, the markets in which we participate and our business, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects.
the medical device industry and its customers continue to face scrutiny and regulation by governmental authorities and are often the subject of numerous investigations, often involving marketing and other business practices or product quality issues including device recalls or advisories. these investigations could result in the commencement of civil and criminal proceedings; imposition of substantial fines, penalties and administrative remedies, including corporate integrity agreements, stipulated judgments or exclusion; diversion of our employees' and management's attention; imposition of administrative costs and have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity; and may lead to greater governmental regulation in the future.
the medical devices we design, develop, manufacture and market are subject to rigorous regulation by the fda and numerous other federal, state and foreign governmental authorities. these authorities continue to closely scrutinize our industry. we have received and in the future may receive, subpoenas and other requests for information from congress and state and federal governmental agencies, including, among others, the u.s. department of justice (doj), the office of inspector general of the department of health and human services (hhs) and the department of defense, as well as from foreign governments and agencies. the requests and/or subpoenas we have received relate primarily to financial arrangements with healthcare providers, regulatory compliance and sale and/or product promotional practices. we have cooperated with these subpoenas and other requests for information and expect to continue to do so in the future. we cannot predict when a matter will be resolved, the outcome of the matter or its impact on us and cooperation may involve significant costs, including document production costs. an adverse outcome in any matter could include the commencement of an investigation, civil and criminal proceedings, substantial fines, penalties and administrative remedies, including exclusion from government reimbursement programs, entry into corporate integrity agreements (cias) with governmental agencies and amendments to any existing cias. in addition, resolution of any matter could involve the imposition of additional and costly compliance obligations. cooperation with requests and investigations from external agencies result in employee resource costs and diversion of employee focus. if any requests or investigations continue over a long period of time, they could divert the attention of management from the day-to-day operations of our business and impose significant additional administrative burdens on us. these potential consequences, as well as any adverse outcome from these requests or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
in addition, certain foreign governments, state governments (including that of massachusetts, where we are headquartered) and the u.s. federal government have enacted legislation aimed at increasing transparency of our interactions with healthcare providers. as an example, compliance with the u.s. physician payment sunshine act requires us by law to disclose payments and other transfers of value to all u.s. physicians and u.s. teaching hospitals at the u.s. federal level made after august 1, 2013. any failure to comply with these legal and regulatory requirements could impact our business. in addition, we have and may continue to devote substantial additional time and financial resources to further develop and implement enhanced structure, policies, systems and processes to comply with enhanced legal and regulatory requirements, which may also impact our business.
we anticipate that governmental authorities will continue to scrutinize our industry closely and that additional regulation may increase compliance and legal cost and exposure to litigation and have additional adverse effects on our operations.
changes in tax laws, unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies, or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity.
we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes and tariffs, in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. we are subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision, and we have established contingency reserves for material, known tax exposures. however, the calculation of such tax exposures involves the application of complex tax laws and regulations in many jurisdictions, as well as interpretations as to the legality under european union state aid rules of tax advantages granted in certain jurisdictions. therefore, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these disputes or other tax audits or that issues raised by tax authorities will be resolved at a financial cost that does not exceed our related reserves and the actual outcomes of these disputes and other tax audits could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition.
changes in tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, in the jurisdictions where we are subject to tax could materially impact our effective tax rate. the u.s. enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (tcja) on december 22, 2017 and the inflation reduction act on august 16, 2022. we expect the u.s. treasury to issue future notices and regulations regarding the application and interpretation of these laws which could have a significant impact on our future results of operations as could interpretations made by the company in the absence of regulatory guidance and judicial interpretations.
the group of twenty (g20), the organization for economic co-operation and development (oecd), the european commission (ec) and individual taxing jurisdictions where we and our affiliates do business have recently focused on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. the oecd/g20 inclusive framework (if) on base erosion and profit shifting (beps) includes actions intended to equip governments with domestic and international rules and instruments to address tax avoidance, ensuring that profits are taxed where economic activities generating the profits are performed and where value is created. the actions include a two-pillar solution to address the tax challenges of the digitalized economy. pillar one focuses on how profits are allocated between taxing jurisdictions and pillar two creates a 15% global minimum tax. on december 31, 2022 south korea became the first country to enact pillar two into national law. on december 15, 2022, the council of the (eu) european union unanimously adopted a directive intended to provide eu member states a framework to implement the pillar two global minimum tax into their national laws by 2024. additional countries including the united kingdom and japan are taking steps to implement pillar two into their national law. currently, significant uncertainty exists regarding the detailed pillar two rules, whether such rules will be implemented consistently across taxing jurisdictions, how such rules interact with existing national tax laws and whether such rules are consistent with existing tax treaty obligations. accordingly, the final adoption, implementation, and interpretation of pillar two across all jurisdictions where we do business could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
the tax laws in the u.s. and other countries in which we and our affiliates do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis and any such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business. furthermore, changes in customs laws and regulations in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition.
our operations in puerto rico, costa rica and malaysia presently benefit from various tax incentives and grants. unless these incentives and grants are extended, they will expire between 2027 and 2034. if we are unable to renew, extend, or obtain new incentive and grants, the expiration of the existing incentives and grants could have a material impact on our financial results in future periods.
we may not effectively be able to protect our intellectual property or other sensitive data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the medical device market in which we participate is largely technology driven. physician customers have historically moved quickly to new products and new technologies. as a result, intellectual property rights, particularly patents and trade secrets, play a significant role in product development and differentiation. however, intellectual property litigation is inherently complex and unpredictable and appellate courts can overturn lower court decisions. furthermore, as our business increasingly relies on technology systems and infrastructure, our intellectual property, other proprietary technology and other sensitive data are potentially vulnerable to loss, damage or misappropriation. finally, our ability to protect novel business models is uncertain.
competing parties in our industry frequently file multiple suits to leverage patent portfolios across product lines, technologies and geographies and to balance risk and exposure between the parties. in some cases, several competitors are parties in the same proceeding, or in a series of related proceedings, or litigate multiple features of a single class of devices. these forces frequently drive settlement not only of individual cases, but also of a series of pending and potentially related and unrelated cases. in addition, although monetary and injunctive relief is typically sought, remedies and restitution are generally not determined until the conclusion of the trial court proceedings and can be modified on appeal. accordingly, the outcomes of individual cases are difficult to time, predict or quantify and are often dependent upon the outcomes of other cases in other geographies.
a number of third parties have asserted that our current and former product offerings infringe patents owned or licensed by them. we have similarly asserted that products sold by our competitors infringe patents owned or licensed by us. adverse outcomes in one or more of the proceedings against us could limit our ability to sell certain products in certain jurisdictions, or reduce our operating margin on the sale of these products and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
patents and other proprietary rights are and will continue to be essential to our business, and our ability to compete effectively with other companies will be dependent upon the proprietary nature of our technologies. we rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations, strategic alliances, and licensing opportunities to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive position. we pursue a policy of generally obtaining patent protection in both the u.s. and abroad for patentable subject matter in our proprietary devices and attempt to review third-party patents and patent applications to the extent publicly available in order to develop an effective patent strategy, avoid infringement of third-party patents, identify licensing opportunities and monitor the patent claims of others. we own numerous u.s. and foreign patents and have numerous patent applications pending. we also are party to license agreements pursuant to which patent rights have been obtained or granted in consideration for cash, cross-licensing rights or royalty payments. no assurance can be made that any pending or future patent applications will result in the issuance of patents, that any current or future patents issued to, or licensed by, us will not be challenged or circumvented by our competitors, or that our patents will not be found invalid. in addition, we may have to take legal action in the future to protect our patents, trade secrets or know-how or to assert them against claimed infringement by others. any legal action of that type could be costly and time consuming and no assurances can be made that any lawsuit will be successful. we are generally involved as both a plaintiff and a defendant in a number of patent infringement and other intellectual property-related actions. the invalidation of key patents or proprietary rights that we own, or an unsuccessful outcome in lawsuits to protect our intellectual property, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
in addition, the laws of certain countries in which we market and plan on manufacturing some of our products in the near future, do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the u.s. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property in these countries, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
furthermore, our intellectual property, other proprietary technology and other sensitive data are potentially vulnerable to loss, damage or misappropriation from system malfunction, computer viruses and unauthorized access to our data or misappropriation or misuse thereof by those with permitted access and other events. while we have invested to protect our intellectual property, products and other data and continue to work diligently in this area, there can be no assurance that our precautionary measures will prevent breakdowns, breaches, cyber-attacks or other events. such events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.
pending and future intellectual property litigation could be costly and disruptive to us.
we operate in an industry that is susceptible to significant intellectual property litigation and, in recent years, it has been common for companies in the medical device field to aggressively challenge the patent rights of other companies. we are currently the subject of various patent litigation proceedings and other proceedings described in more detail under note i - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k. intellectual property litigation is expensive, complex and lengthy and its outcome is difficult to predict. adverse outcomes in one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell certain products and on our operating margins, financial condition, results of operation or liquidity. pending or future patent litigation may result in significant royalty or other payments or injunctions that can prevent the sale of products and may significantly divert the attention of our technical and management personnel. in the event that our right to market any of our products is successfully challenged, we may be required to obtain a license on terms which may not be favorable to us, if at all. if we fail to obtain a required license or are unable to design around a patent, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
pending and future product liability claims and other litigation, including private securities litigation, stockholder derivative suits and contract litigation, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations or liquidity.
the design, manufacturing and marketing of medical devices of the types that we produce entail an inherent risk of product liability claims. many of the medical devices that we manufacture and market are designed to be implanted in the human body for long periods of time or indefinitely. a number of factors could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a patient with respect to these or other products that we manufacture or sell, including physician technique and experience in performing the surgical procedure, component failures, manufacturing flaws, design defects, off-label use or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information. these factors could result in product liability claims, a recall of one or more of our products or a safety alert relating to one or more of our products. product liability claims may be brought by individuals or by groups seeking to represent a class.
we are currently the subject of product liability litigation proceedings and other proceedings described in more detail under note i - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k. the outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits, is difficult to assess or quantify. plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits often seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, including not only actual damages, but also punitive damages. the magnitude of the potential losses relating to these lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. in addition, the cost to defend against any future litigation may be significant. product liability claims, securities and commercial litigation and other litigation in the future, regardless of the outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. additionally, we maintain an insurance policy providing limited coverage against securities claims and we are substantially self-insured with respect to product liability claims and fully self-insured with respect to intellectual property infringement claims. the fact that we do not maintain third-party insurance coverage for all categories of losses increases our exposure to unanticipated claims and adverse decisions and these losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
any failure to meet regulatory quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as a medical device manufacturer, we are required to register our establishments and list our devices with the fda and are subject to periodic inspection by the fda for compliance with its quality system regulation requirements, which require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain regulations, including testing, quality control and documentation procedures. in addition, the federal medical device reporting regulations require us to provide information to the fda whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, could cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic inspections by the fda which may result in observations on form 483 and in some cases warning letters that require corrective action. in the european community, we are required to maintain certain international standards organization (iso) certifications in order to sell our products and must undergo periodic inspections by notified bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. many other countries in which we do business have similar requirements and other foreign governments or agencies may subject us to periodic inspections. if we, or our manufacturers, fail to adhere to quality system regulations or iso requirements, this could delay production of our products and lead to fines, difficulties in obtaining regulatory clearances, recalls, enforcement actions, including injunctive relief or consent decrees, or other consequences, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
we rely on the proper function, availability and security of information technology systems to operate our business and a cyber-attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we rely on information technology (it) and operational technology (ot) systems, including technology from third party vendors, manufacture and ship our products, as well as to process, transmit and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. similar to other large multi-national companies, the size and complexity of our it systems makes them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. various other factors may also cause system failures or security breaches, including power outages, natural disasters, inadequate or ineffective backups, issues with upgrading or creating new systems or platforms, vulnerabilities in third-party software or services, errors by our staff or third-party service providers, or breaches in the security of these technologies. malicious actors may attempt to trick staff to disclose information to gain access to our systems and/or data. if our incident response, disaster recovery, and business continuity plans fail, they could result in adverse impacts to our business operations and our financial results.
our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information and changing customer patterns. in addition, third parties have and may continue to attempt to hack into our products to obtain data relating to patients, or alter the intended functionality of our medical devices, or disrupt performance of our products, or access our proprietary information and the technology from third party vendors that we rely upon may have defects or vulnerabilities which, in turn, create vulnerabilities or disruptions in our system. cyber-attacks continue to evolve in complexity and scope, and inherently may be difficult to detect. we have seen, and could continue to see, software and supply-chain vulnerabilities and malware, which could affect our systems and the systems of our third-party vendors and business partners. any failure by us to maintain or protect our it or ot systems, products and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions or other breaches, could result in outages or unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations, or, in the worst case, could result in harm to patients. in addition, such attackers may make demands for ransom, which could result in financial loss, or, if we determine not to pay such ransom, other harm, loss, or misappropriation of our data and assets. such failure, or demonstration of vulnerability to such failure, may also result in additional regulatory scrutiny. we also grow our company through acquisitions and may face risks associated with defects and vulnerabilities in their systems as we work to integrate the acquisitions into our it system.
in the u.s., federal and state privacy and security laws require certain parts of our operations to protect the confidentiality of personal information including patient medical records and other health information, and to comply with other requirements with respect to personal data. in europe, the data protection directive requires us to manage individually identifiable information in the eu and, the general data protection regulation (gdpr) may impose fines of up to four percent of our global revenue. internationally, some countries have also passed laws that require individually identifiable data on their citizens to be maintained on local servers and that may restrict transfer or processing of that data. we strive to meet the expectations of applicable regulations, however, there is no guarantee that we will avoid enforcement actions by governmental bodies or civil actions based on this growing body of regulations. enforcement actions could be costly and interrupt regular operations of our business. any of these events, in turn, may cause us to lose existing customers, have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud, have disputes with customers, physicians and other healthcare professionals, be subject to legal claims and liability, have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed, have increases in operating expenses, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach or theft of intellectual property, or suffer other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our business and operations are subject to risks related to climate change.
the effects of global climate change present risks to our business. natural disasters, extreme weather and other conditions caused by or related to climate change could adversely impact our supply chain, including manufacturing and distribution networks, the availability and cost of raw materials and components, energy supply, transportation, or other inputs necessary for the operation of our business. climate change and natural disasters could also result in physical damage to our facilities as well as those of our suppliers, customers, and other business partners, which could cause disruption in our business and operations or increase costs to operate our business. additionally, increased environmental regulation, including to address climate change, may result in increases in our costs to operate our business or restrict certain aspects of our activities. the extent and severity of climate change impacts are unknown, and therefore, the scope of potential impact on our business may be difficult to predict and it may be difficult to adequately prepare.
our business could be negatively impacted by corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters.
in recent years, there has been an increased focus from certain investors, customers, employees, and other stakeholders concerning corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters. from time to time, we announce certain initiatives, including goals, regarding our focus areas, which include environmental matters, including carbon emissions and renewable energy goals, responsible sourcing, social investments and diversity, equity and inclusion. we may fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives or goals, or we could fail in accurately reporting our progress on such initiatives and goals. such failures could be due to changes in our business. moreover, the standards by which corporate social responsibility and sustainability efforts and related matters are measured are developing and evolving, and certain areas are subject to assumptions that could change over time. in addition, we could be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals or perceived as not acting responsibly in connection with these matters. any such matters, or related corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters, could have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis provides information management believes to be relevant to understanding the financial condition and results of operations of boston scientific corporation and its subsidiaries for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021. for a full understanding of our financial condition and results of operations, this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k.
for additional information on our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020, refer to our previously filed annual report on form 10-k.
economic trends uncertainty around inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, monetary policy and changes in tax laws could potentially cause new, or exacerbate existing, economic challenges that we may face, including the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our results of operations. these conditions could worsen, or others could arise, if the u.s. and global economies were to enter recessionary periods, triggered or exacerbated by monetary policy designed to curb inflation. existing and future potential geopolitical dynamics, including matters related to the russia/ukraine war, as well as the tension between china/taiwan, may create economic, supply chain, energy, and other challenges, which impact, and may in the future negatively impact our business. in particular, international conflicts may result in sanctions, tariffs, and other measures that restrict international trade and negatively affect our business operations and results. in 2022, we experienced increases in cost and limited availability of raw materials, components, and other inputs necessary to manufacture and distribute our products due to constraints and inflation within the global supply chain, as well as increases in wage costs and the cost and time to distribute our products. in 2023, we expect the impact of macroeconomic and supply chain conditions on our business to be similar to 2022.
covid-19 pandemic in march 2020, the world health organization declared covid-19, including all additional variations and strains thereof, a global pandemic (covid-19 pandemic). economic conditions created in part by the covid-19 pandemic, have had, and may in the future have, a negative impact on our profitability. further, the resurgence of covid-19 infections and the emergence of new, more contagious variant strains of covid-19, as well as staffing shortages within healthcare facilities, may negatively impact demand for our products, net sales, gross profit margin and operating expenses as a percentage of net sales. while the covid-19 pandemic and related impacts may continue to negatively impact our performance to an extent, we continue to believe our long-term fundamentals remain strong and we intend to manage through these challenges with strategic focus and the winning spirit of our global team.
executive summary financial highlights and trends in 2022, we generated net sales of $12.682 billion, compared to $11.888 billion in 2021. this increase of $794 million, or 6.7 percent, included operational growth of 11.1 percent and the negative impact of 440 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. operational net sales growth included organic net sales growth of 8.7 percent in 2022 and the positive impact of 240 basis points from our acquisitions of preventice solutions, inc. (preventice), farapulse, inc. (farapulse), the global surgical business of lumenis, ltd (lumenis) and baylis medical company inc. (baylis medical) for which there is less than a full period of comparable net sales. the increase in our net sales was primarily driven by recent acquisitions as well as the strength and diversity of our product portfolio coupled with growth in the underlying markets in which we compete and strong commercial execution. refer to the business and market overview section for further discussion of our net sales by global business.
our reported net income available to common stockholders in 2022 was $642 million, or $0.45 per diluted share. our reported results for 2022 included certain charges and/or credits which are excluded by management for purposes of assessing operating performance, totaling $1.816 billion (after-tax), or $1.26 per diluted share. excluding these items, adjusted net income available to common stockholders1 for 2022 was $2.459 billion, or $1.71 per diluted share.
our reported net income available to common stockholders in 2021 was $985 million, or $0.69 per diluted share. our reported results for 2021 included certain charges and/or credits which are excluded by management for purposes of assessing operating performance, totaling $1.351 billion (after-tax), or $0.94 per diluted share. excluding these items, adjusted net income available to common stockholders1 for 2021 was $2.336 billion, or $1.63 per diluted share.
operational net sales growth rates, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, and other adjusted measures, including organic net sales, which exclude certain items required by generally accepted accounting principles in the united states (u.s. gaap), are not prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a replacement for, the most directly comparable gaap measure. refer to additional information for a discussion of management's use of these non-gaap financial measures.
organic net sales growth excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and net sales attributable to acquisitions and divestitures for which there are less than a full period of comparable net sales.
37
the following is a reconciliation of our results of operations prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap to those adjusted results considered by management. refer to results of operations for a discussion of each reconciling item:
year ended december 31, 2022
(in millions, except per share data)                                                   income (loss) before income taxes        income tax expense (benefit)       net income (loss)   preferred stock dividends            net income (loss) available to common stockholders        impact per share(3)
reported                                                                                            $1,141                                  $443                        $698           $(55)                                                           $642                                $0.45
non-gaap adjustments:
amortization expense                                                                                   803                                 (109)                         694           -                                                                694                                 0.48
intangible asset impairment charges                                                                    132                                  (29)                         102           -                                                                102                                 0.07
acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits)                                                  285                                    53                         338           -                                                                338                                 0.24
restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits)                                          110                                  (14)                          96           -                                                                 96                                 0.07
litigation-related net charges (credits)                                                               173                                  (40)                         133           -                                                                133                                 0.09
investment portfolio net losses (gains)                                                               (30)                                     2                        (28)           -                                                               (28)                               (0.02)
european union (eu) medical device regulation (mdr) implementation costs                                71                                  (10)                          62           -                                                                 62                                 0.04
debt extinguishment charges                                                                            194                                  (45)                         149           -                                                                149                                 0.10
deferred tax expenses (benefits)                                                                         -                                   140                         140           -                                                                140                                 0.10
discrete tax items                                                                                       -                                   129                         129           -                                                                129                                 0.09
adjusted                                                                                            $2,880                                  $366                      $2,514           $(55)                                                         $2,459                                $1.71
year ended december 31, 2021
(in millions, except per share data)                                                   income (loss) before income taxes        income tax expense (benefit)       net income (loss)   preferred stock dividends            net income (loss) available to common stockholders        impact per share(3)
reported                                                                                            $1,076                                   $36                      $1,041           $(55)                                                           $985                                $0.69
non-gaap adjustments:
amortization expense                                                                                   741                                  (65)                         676           -                                                                676                                 0.47
intangible asset impairment charges                                                                    370                                  (51)                         318           -                                                                318                                 0.22
acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits)                                                (450)                                   (2)                       (453)           -                                                              (453)                               (0.32)
restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits)                                          191                                  (22)                         169           -                                                                169                                 0.12
litigation-related net charges (credits)                                                               430                                  (98)                         331           -                                                                331                                 0.23
investment portfolio net losses (gains)                                                                181                                  (43)                         137           -                                                                137                                 0.10
european union (eu) medical device regulation (mdr) implementation costs                                49                                   (4)                          45           -                                                                 45                                 0.03
deferred tax expenses (benefits)                                                                         -                                   132                         132           -                                                                132                                 0.09
discrete tax items                                                                                       -                                   (5)                         (5)           -                                                                (5)                               (0.00)
adjusted                                                                                            $2,587                                  $196                      $2,391           $(55)                                                         $2,336                                $1.63
(3) for 2022 and 2021, the effect of assuming the conversion of our series a 5.5% mandatory convertible preferred stock (mcps) into shares of common stock was anti-dilutive, and therefore excluded from the calculation of eps. accordingly, gaap net income (loss) and adjusted net income were reduced by cumulative preferred stock dividends, as presented in our consolidated statements of operations, for purposes of calculating gaap net income (loss) available to common stockholders.
business and market overview in the first quarter of 2022, we reorganized our operational structure and have aggregated our core businesses, each of which generate revenues from the sale of medical devices into two reportable segments: medsurg and cardiovascular. within the cardiovascular segment, the newly formed cardiology division represents the combined former rhythm management and interventional cardiology divisions. we have revised prior periods to conform to the current year presentation. the following section describes our results of operations by reportable segment and business unit. for additional information on our businesses and their product offerings, see item 1. business of this annual report on form 10-k.
medsurg endoscopy our endoscopy business develops and manufactures devices to diagnose and treat a broad range of gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions with innovative, less invasive technologies. net sales of endoscopy products of $2.221 billion represented 18 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. endoscopy net sales increased $80 million, or 3.7 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. this increase included operational net sales growth of 8.1 percent and the negative impact of 440 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. these year-over-year changes were primarily driven by our biliary franchise led by our axiostm stent and delivery system and our single-use imaging franchise, including our exalttm d single-use duodenoscope, as well as our infection prevention and hemostasis franchises.
urology our urology business develops and manufactures devices to treat various urological and pelvic conditions for both male and female anatomies, including kidney stones, benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph), prostate cancer, erectile dysfunction and incontinence. net sales of urology products of $1.773 billion represented 14 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. urology net sales increased $190 million, or 12.0 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. this increase included operational net sales growth of 14.9 percent and the negative impact of 290 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations.
operational net sales growth included organic net sales growth of 9.7 percent in 2022 and the positive impact of 530 basis points from our acquisition of lumenis in the third quarter of 2021. organic net sales growth was driven by our stone management franchise led by our lithovuetm system, our prosthetic urology franchise and our prostate health franchise led by our rezumtm system and spaceoartm hydrogel.
neuromodulation our neuromodulation business develops and manufactures devices to treat various neurological movement disorders and manage chronic pain. net sales of neuromodulation products of $917 million represented seven percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. neuromodulation net sales increased $8 million, or less than one percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. this increase included operational net sales growth of 3.5 percent and the negative impact of 260 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. operational net sales performance reflects growth within our spinal cord stimulation (scs) franchise driven by our wavewriter alphatm scs system, strong procedural volumes of our vercise genustm dbs systems as well as the recent launch of the vercisetm 2-in-1 lead extension, largely offset by the impact of reimbursement challenges in the u.s. related to our vertiflex superiontm indirect decompression system.
cardiovascular cardiology our cardiology business develops and manufactures devices and medical technologies for diagnosing and treating a variety of diseases and abnormalities of the heart. net sales of cardiology products of $5.932 billion represented 47 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. cardiology net sales increased $510 million, or 9.4 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. this increase included operational net sales growth of 14.5 percent and the negative impact of 510 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. operational net sales growth included organic net sales growth of 10.4 percent in 2022 and the positive impact of 400 basis points from our acquisitions of preventice, farapulse and baylis medical in the first and third quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022, respectively.
organic sales growth was primarily driven by continued market expansion of left atrial appendage closure (laac) procedures with our watchmantm flx laac device, as well as performance of our cardiac diagnostics franchise, polarxtm and farapulsetm ablation systems and percutaneous coronary intervention guidance franchises.
peripheral interventions our peripheral interventions business develops and manufactures products to diagnose and treat peripheral arterial and venous diseases, as well as products to diagnose, treat and ease various forms of cancer. net sales of peripheral interventions products of $1.899 billion represented 15 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. peripheral interventions net sales increased $79 million, or 4.4 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. this increase included operational net sales growth of 9.1 percent and the negative impact of 480 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations.
operational net sales growth was primarily driven by our rangertm drug-coated balloon and eluviatm drug-eluting stent system, as well as our interventional oncology franchise led by our theraspheretm y-90 radioactive glass microspheres.
emerging markets as part of our strategic imperative to drive global expansion, we seek to grow net sales and market share by expanding our global presence, including in emerging markets. we define emerging markets as the 20 countries that we believe have strong growth potential based on their economic conditions, healthcare sectors and our global capabilities. periodically, we assess our list of emerging markets countries, which currently include the following countries: brazil, chile, china, colombia, czech republic, india, indonesia, malaysia, mexico, philippines, poland, russia, saudi arabia, slovakia, south africa, south korea, taiwan, thailand, türkiye and vietnam. our emerging markets net sales represented 14 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022 and 12 percent in 2021. in 2022, our emerging markets net sales grew 20.0 percent on a reported basis including operational net sales growth of 29.3 percent and the negative impact of 930 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, compared to 2021. operational net sales growth was driven primarily by growth in china and india as we continued to focus on globalization and execute new product launches.
results of operations net sales the following table provides our net sales by reportable segment and business unit, and the relative change in growth on a reported basis:
year ended december 31,        2022 versus 2021        2021 versus 2020
(in millions)                             2022                        2021                        2020
endoscopy                           $2,221                      $2,141                      $1,780                        3.7%                   20.3%
urology                              1,773                       1,583                       1,286                       12.0%                   23.1%
neuromodulation                        917                         909                         761                        0.9%                   19.5%
medsurg                              4,911                       4,633                       3,827                        6.0%                   21.0%
cardiology                           5,932                       5,422                       4,290                        9.4%                   26.4%
peripheral interventions             1,899                       1,820                       1,577                        4.4%                   15.4%
cardiovascular                       7,831                       7,242                       5,866                        8.1%                   23.4%
12,742                      11,875                       9,694                        7.3%                   22.5%
other(4)                              (60)                          13                         219                   (+100.0)%                 (93.9)%
net sales                          $12,682                     $11,888                      $9,913                        6.7%                   19.9%
(4) in 2022, amounts reflect sales reserves established for italian government payback provisions, not allocated to reportable segments, which are being disputed in the italian court system. in 2021 and 2020, amounts relate to our specialty pharmaceuticals business. on march 1, 2021, we completed the divestiture of the specialty pharmaceuticals business. prior to the divestiture, we presented the specialty pharmaceuticals business as a standalone operating segment alongside our reportable segments.
refer to executive summary for further discussion of our net sales and a comparison of our 2022 and 2021 net sales.
in 2021, we generated net sales of $11.888 billion compared to $9.913 billion in 2020. this increase of $1.975 billion, or 19.9 percent, included operational growth of 18.7 percent and the positive impact of 130 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. operational net sales included $212 million in 2021 associated with our acquisitions of preventice, farapulse and lumenis, for which there was less than a full prior period of comparable net sales. operational net sales also included $202 million in 2020 associated with our intrauterine health franchise and the specialty pharmaceuticals business, divested in the second quarter of 2020 and first quarter of 2021, respectively. the increase in our 2021 net sales was primarily driven by the recovery of elective and semi-emergent procedure volumes compared to 2020 when the covid-19 pandemic had a more significant impact on our net sales.
gross profit our gross profit was $8.727 billion in 2022 and $8.177 billion in 2021. as a percentage of net sales, our gross profit remained flat at 68.8 percent in 2022 compared to 2021. the following is a reconciliation of our gross profit margins and a description of the drivers of the change from period to period:
gross profit margin year ended december 31, 2020                                          65.0%
sales pricing, volume and mix                                          1.2%
abnormal production variances                                          1.3%
lotus edgetm discontinuation                                            0.9%
net impact of foreign currency fluctuations                          (0.3)%
all other, including other period expense                              0.7%
year ended december 31, 2021                                          68.8%
manufacturing and supply costs                                       (0.6)%
net impact of foreign currency fluctuations                            1.3%
sales pricing, volume and mix                                        (0.2)%
all other, including other period expense                            (0.5)%
year ended december 31, 2022                                          68.8%
our gross profit margin for 2022 was flat compared to 2021. global supply chain disruption drove increased manufacturing and supply costs, including inflation on costs of certain raw materials and components, direct labor and freight, as well as inefficiencies in our manufacturing plants due to constraints in material availability. the negative impact on our gross profit margin due to global supply chain disruption was offset by foreign currency fluctuations that drove gains on our foreign currency hedging contracts.
the primary factors contributing to the increase in our gross profit margin for 2021 compared to 2020 were higher sales volumes and favorable product mix associated with the resumption of the procedures using higher-margin products following reduced elective procedure volumes due to the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, our gross profit margin in 2020 was negatively impacted by abnormal production variances attributable to manufacturing plant shut-downs, inventory charges related to the discontinuation of our lotus platform and sales return reserves due to our watchman flxtm consignment conversion. these improvements were partially offset by price declines related primarily to sales of our coronary drug-eluting stent systems and foreign currency fluctuations. in addition, macro-environment factors negatively impacted our gross profit margin, including the cost of operating manufacturing plants with covid-19 specific health and safety measures and increases in costs of certain raw materials, direct labor and freight.
eu mdr implementation costs the european union medical device regulation (eu mdr) replaced the existing european medical devices directive (mdd) and active implantable medical device directive (aimdd) regulatory frameworks, and manufacturers of medical devices were required to comply with eu mdr beginning in may 2021 for new product registrations and by may 2024 for medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the prior directives (issued before may 2021). updates to the legislative text of the eu mdr were adopted by the european parliament and are currently being reviewed for adoption by the council of the european union, including an extension of the transitional period to 2027 for class iib and iii and 2028 for class i and iia medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the prior directives (issued before may 2021).
we began our implementation efforts in late 2019 and have incurred cumulative expenses of $245 million through december 31, 2022, which are primarily being recorded within cost of product sold. we expect to incur total expenses of approximately $400 million to $450 million over the transition period.
operating expenses the following table provides a summary of our key operating expenses:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                 2021                                     2020
(in millions)                                                    $% of net sales                          $% of net sales                          $% of net sales selling, general and administrative expenses          $4,520           35.6    %               $4,359           36.7    %               $3,787           38.2    %
research and development expenses                      1,323           10.4    %                1,204           10.1    %                1,143           11.5    %
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses in 2022, our sg&a expenses increased $161 million, or 4 percent compared to 2021 and were 100 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. the increase in sg&a expenses was due primarily to higher selling costs driven by higher global net sales.
in 2021, our sg&a expenses increased $572 million, or 15 percent compared to 2020 and were 150 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. the increase in sg&a expenses was primarily due to higher selling costs driven by higher global net sales and the targeted lifting of spending controls implemented in 2020 in response to the then escalating covid-19 pandemic. in addition, sg&a expenses in 2021 were further impacted by higher restructuring-related spend and acquisition-related costs.
research and development (r&d) expenses we remain committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses. in 2022, our r&d expenses increased $119 million, or 10 percent compared to 2021, and were 30 basis points higher as a percentage of net sales as a result of targeted investments across our businesses. we expect to continue to make investments in clinical trials and innovative technologies to maintain a pipeline of new products that we believe will address unmet clinical needs and contribute to profitable sales growth.
in 2021, our r&d expenses increased $61 million, or 5 percent compared to 2020, and were 140 basis points lower as a percentage of sales, as a result of investments across our business.
other operating expenses the following provides a summary of certain of our other operating expenses, which are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance; refer to additional information for a further description.
amortization expense our amortization expense relates to intangible assets acquired in a business combination or asset acquisition, as well as internally-developed patents. in 2022, amortization expense increased $62 million, or 8 percent, as compared to 2021. the increase was driven by the addition of amortizable intangible assets associated with recent acquisitions. in 2021, amortization expense decreased $48 million, or 6 percent, as compared to 2020. the decrease was driven by the divestiture of the specialty pharmaceuticals business, partially offset by the addition of amortizable intangible assets associated with recent acquisitions.
intangible asset impairment charges we recorded intangible asset impairment charges of $132 million in 2022 and $370 million in 2021. the impairment charges recorded in 2022 were primarily associated with amortizable technology-related intangible assets that were initially established following our acquisition of vertiflex, inc., which is now part of our neuromodulation business, resulting from lower revenue projections due to reimbursement challenges. the impairment charges recorded in 2021 were primarily associated with amortizable technology-related intangible assets that were initially established following our acquisition of veniti, inc., which is now part of our peripheral interventions business. these charges resulted from management's decision to discontinue commercialization of the vici venous stenttm system following a voluntary recall, due to cost to remediate and time to return to market. in addition, during 2021, we impaired the ipr&d assets established in connection with our acquisition of millipede, inc. which is now part of our cardiology business. the charges resulted from the cancellation of the mitral valve ipr&d program due to the incremental time and cost required to complete the program and bring the technology to market.
refer to critical accounting estimates for a discussion of key assumptions used in our intangible asset impairment testing and future events that could have a negative impact on the recoverability of our intangible assets.
contingent consideration net expense (benefit)
to recognize changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration liability, we recorded net charges of $35 million in 2022 and net benefits of $136 million in 2021. in 2022, the net charges related to an increase in expected revenue-based payments as a result of over-achievement of net sales performance, primarily related to our 2021 acquisition of farapulse. this increase was partially offset by a reduction in the contingent consideration liability for certain acquisitions for which we reduced the probability of achievement of associated regulatory and commercialization-based milestones upon which payment is conditioned. in 2021, the net benefits related to a reduction in the contingent consideration liability for certain prior acquisitions for which we reduced the probability of achievement of associated revenue and/or regulatory milestones upon which payment is conditioned, or, for milestones that would not be achieved due to management's discontinuation of the associated r&d program. refer to note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional details related to our contingent consideration arrangements.
restructuring and restructuring-related net charges on november 15, 2018, our board of directors approved, and we committed to, a global restructuring program (the 2019 restructuring plan). the 2019 restructuring plan was intended to support our effort to improve operating performance and meet anticipated market demands by ensuring that we were appropriately structured and resourced to deliver sustainable value to patients and customers. key activities under the 2019 restructuring plan included supply chain network optimization intended to maximize our global manufacturing and distribution network capacity and building functional capabilities to support business growth. these activities were initiated in 2019 and substantially completed in 2022, following a one-year extension and expansion approved by our board of directors on february 22, 2021.
the following table provides a summary of cumulative pre-tax charges associated with the 2019 restructuring plan, by major type of cost, of which approximately $404 million resulted in cash outlays:
type of cost (in millions)                   total amount incurred restructuring charges:
termination benefits                                           $73
other(1)                                                        54
restructuring-related expenses:
transfer costs                                                 232
other(2)                                                       102
$461
(1)    consists primarily of consulting fees and costs associated with contractual cancellations.
(2)    comprised of other costs directly related to the restructuring program, including program management, accelerated depreciation, fixed asset write-offs, and costs to transfer product lines among facilities.
we recorded restructuring charges pursuant to fasb asc topic 420, exit or disposal cost obligations related to the 2019 restructuring plan of $24 million in 2022, $38 million in 2021, and $32 million in 2020. in addition, we recorded restructuring-related charges within cost of products sold, selling, general and administrative expenses, and research and development expenses of $86 million in 2022, $134 million in 2021, and $84 million in 2020 associated with activities under the 2019 restructuring plan.
on february 22, 2023, our board of directors approved, and we committed to, a new global restructuring program. for additional information, refer to "2023 restructuring plan" under the heading liquidity and capital resources below.
44
lotus discontinuation on november 17, 2020, we announced a global, voluntary recall of all unused inventory of our lotus edgetm aortic valve system, and our decision to retire the entire lotustm valve platform. we recorded restructuring and restructuring-related net charges associated with the product discontinuation of $20 million in 2021 and $55 million in 2020. the restructuring activities were completed in 2021 and resulted in total pre-tax restructuring and restructuring-related net charges of approximately $75 million.
in addition, during 2020 we recorded $119 million of inventory charges within cost of products sold and $8 million of intangible asset impairment charges associated with the product discontinuation.
litigation-related net charges (credits)
we recorded litigation-related net charges of $173 million in 2022 and $430 million in 2021, primarily related to ongoing litigation associated with our transvaginal surgical mesh products principally in the u.s. and australia, as well as costs associated with certain other legal matters. we increased the accrual associated with transvaginal mesh claims to account for changes in our estimates regarding settlement and litigation activity.
we continue to assess certain litigation and claims to determine the amounts, if any, that management believes will be paid as a result of such claims and litigation, and therefore, additional losses may be accrued and paid in the future, which could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and/or our ability to comply with the financial covenant required by our credit agreements. refer to note i - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional discussion of our material legal proceedings interest expense the following table provides a summary of our interest expense and average borrowing rate:
(in millions)                          year ended december 31,
2022                                   2021                                             2020
interest expense                       $(470)                         $(341)                      $(361)
weighted average borrowing rate        5.0         %                     3.6   %                     3.6   %
interest expense and our average borrowing rate increased in 2022, compared to the prior year, primarily due to $194 million of charges associated with the early extinguishment of $3.275 billion of certain of our senior notes, including payment of tender premiums and the acceleration of unamortized debt issuance costs. as of december 31, 2022, the weighted average borrowing rate associated with our outstanding senior notes was 2.6 percent. refer to liquidity and capital resources, as well as note d - hedging activities and fair value measurements and note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding our debt obligations.
other, net the following are the components of other, net:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                    2022                      2021                      2020
interest income                               $10                        $4                        $3
net foreign currency gain (loss)             (31)                      (27)                      (32)
net gains (losses) on investments             (1)                       250                       383
other income (expense), net                  (16)                       (9)                         7
$(38)                      $218                      $362
in 2021, in connection with our acquisitions of farapulse, preventice and devoro medical, inc. we remeasured the fair value of our previously-held interests in the acquired companies, which resulted in $475 million of gains recognized in other, net. in addition, we recorded a loss of $178 million in 2021 and a gain of $363 million in 2020 on our investment in pulmonx corporation (pulmonx) presented in other, net associated with the remeasurement of our investment to fair value based on observable market prices, as well as the disposition of our remaining ownership.
the gains on previously held interests are included within acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) and the pulmonx net gain (loss) is included in investment portfolio net losses (gains) presented in the reconciliation of our results of operations prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap to those adjusted results considered by management. refer to financial summary for the reconciliation and additional information for a discussion of management's use of non-gaap financial measures.
tax rate the following table provides a summary of our reported tax rate:
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                          2021                    2020
reported tax rate                                 38.9   %                 3.3   %                 2.9   %
impact of certain receipts/charges(1)           (19.1)   %                13.0   %                 8.3   %
19.8                                                     %                16.3   %                11.2   %
(1)    these receipts/charges are taxed at different rates than our effective tax rate.
the change in our reported tax rate for 2022 compared to 2021, relates primarily to the jurisdictional mix of earnings and the impact of certain receipts and charges that are taxed at different rates than our effective tax rate. these receipts and charges include intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition/divestiture-related net charges, restructuring and restructuring-related net charges, litigation-related net charges, debt extinguishment net charges, as well as certain discrete tax items primarily related to restructuring activities, and tax windfall benefits associated with share-based payments.
in 2020, we received notification from the irs regarding the examination of our 2014 through 2016 tax years stating that the joint committee on taxation completed its review, and the irs examination was resolved. due to the resolution of these tax years, we recorded a net tax benefit of $91 million to release the reserves related to these years. we received a refund of $62 million from the irs reflecting the net balance of amounts owed to us by the irs after consideration of tax and interest due for these years.
on august 16, 2022, the inflation reduction act of 2022 (inflation reduction act) was enacted into law by the u.s. government and includes a new corporate alternative minimum tax of 15 percent on the adjusted financial statement income (afsi) of corporations with average afsi exceeding $1.0 billion over a three-year period. additionally, the inflation reduction act imposes a 1 percent excise tax on the fair market value of net corporate stock repurchases. these provisions are effective beginning in 2023.
see note h - income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional details on our tax rate.
liquidity and capital resources based on our current business plan, we believe our existing balance of cash and cash equivalents, future cash generated from operations, access to capital markets and existing credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our operations, invest in our infrastructure, pay our legal-related liabilities, pay taxes due, service and repay our existing debt and fund possible acquisitions for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. please refer to contractual obligations and commitments below for additional details on our future payment obligations and commitments.
as of december 31, 2022, we had $928 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents on hand, comprised of $673 million invested in money market funds and time deposits and $256 million in interest bearing and non-interest-bearing bank accounts. we invest excess cash on hand in short-term financial instruments that earn at market interest rates while mitigating principal risk through instrument and counterparty diversification, as well as what we believe to be prudent instrument selection. we limit our direct exposure to securities in any one industry or issuer.
in 2021, we entered into a new $2.750 billion revolving credit facility (2021 revolving credit facility) with a global syndicate of commercial banks and terminated our previous facility (2018 revolving credit facility). the 2021 revolving credit facility will mature on may 10, 2026, with one-year extension options, subject to certain conditions. this facility provides backing for our commercial paper program, and outstanding commercial paper directly reduces borrowing capacity under the 2021 revolving credit facility. there were no amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility or our commercial paper program as of december 31, 2022, resulting in an additional $2.220 billion of available liquidity. in anticipation of our purchase of a majority stake in acotec scientific holdings limited (acotec), a chinese medical technology company, which closed on february 20, 2023, we reserved approximately $530 million of our borrowing capacity under the 2021 revolving credit facility in the fourth quarter of 2022 as proof of funds, as required by hong kong guidelines. we funded the acquisition using cash on hand and, as a result, have full borrowing capacity under the 2021 revolving credit facility as of the date of filing of this annual report on form 10-k.
for additional details related to our debt obligations, including our financial covenant requirement, refer to note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k, which is incorporated herein by reference.
the following provides a summary and description of our net cash inflows (outflows):
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                     2022   2021                                             2020
cash provided by (used for) operating activities            $1,526                      $1,870                      $1,508
cash provided by (used for) investing activities           (2,011)                     (1,597)                       (411)
cash provided by (used for) financing activities             (548)                        (95)                         293
operating activities in 2022, cash provided by (used for) operating activities decreased $344 million compared to 2021. this decrease was primarily due to changes in working capital, including higher levels of inventory and accounts receivable. in 2021, cash provided by operating activities increased $362 million compared to 2020. this increase was primarily due to comparatively higher net sales and operating income compared to the prior year.
cash provided by (used for) operating activities included litigation-related payments of $282 million in 2022, $441 million in 2021 and $420 million in 2020, related primarily to transvaginal mesh litigation.
investing activities in 2022, cash provided by (used for) investing activities primarily included net cash payments of $1.542 billion for the acquisitions of baylis medical and obsidio, inc, as well as purchases of property, plant and equipment and internal use software of $588 million partially offset by proceeds from settlements of hedge contracts of $56 million and proceeds from royalty rights of $70 million.
in 2021, cash provided by (used for) investing activities primarily included payments of $2.258 billion for the acquisitions of preventice, lumenis, farapulse and devoro and purchases of property, plant and equipment and internal use software of $554 million, partially offset by proceeds of $826 million from the divestiture of the specialty pharmaceuticals business and net proceeds from investments and acquisitions of certain technologies of $279 million primarily from the disposition of our shares in pulmonx.
financing activities during the second quarter of 2022, we completed a public offering (the offering) of €3.000 billion in aggregate principal amount of euro-dominated senior notes. the offering resulted in cash proceeds of $3.270 billion, net of investor discounts and issuance costs. we used the net proceeds from the offering to fund the tender offer and early redemption of combined aggregate principal amount of $3.275 billion of certain of our outstanding senior notes, as well as to pay accrued interest, tender premiums, fees and expenses. for more information, refer to note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k. cash provided by (used for) financing activities in 2022 also included payments of contingent consideration previously established in purchase accounting of $335 million as well as payments on short-term borrowings of $250 million.
in 2021, cash provided by (used for) financing activities primarily included payments for royalty rights of $85 million and cash dividends paid on preferred stock of $55 million, partially offset by proceeds from issuances of shares of common stock pursuant to employee stock compensation and purchase plans of $110 million.
our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1a. risk factors of this annual report on form 10-k, some of which are outside our control. macroeconomic conditions, adverse tax and litigation matter outcomes and other risks and uncertainties could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans.
debt the following table presents the current and long-term portions of our total debt:
as of
(in millions)                        december 31, 2022                december 31, 2021
current debt obligations                   $20                             $261
long-term debt                           8,915                           $8,804
total debt                              $8,935                           $9,065
the following table presents the portions of our total debt that are comprised of fixed and variable rate debt instruments, which are presented on an amortized cost basis:
as of
(in millions)                              december 31, 2022                december 31, 2021
fixed-rate debt instruments                   $8,910                           $9,048
variable rate debt instruments                    25           17
total debt                                    $8,935                           $9,065
as of december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the financial covenant required by the credit facilities described above. for additional details related to our debt obligations, including our financial covenant requirements, refer to note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k.
equity during 2022 we received $136 million in proceeds from stock issuances related to our stock option and employee stock purchase plans, compared to $110 million in 2021. proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options and employee stock purchases vary from period to period based upon, among other factors, fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock and in the exercise and stock purchase patterns of employees. stock-based compensation expense related to our stock ownership plans was $220 million in 2022 and $194 million in 2021. stock-based compensation expense varies from period to period based upon, among other factors, the timing, number and fair value of awards granted during the period, forfeiture levels related to unvested awards and employee contributions to our employee stock purchase plan, as well as the retirement eligibility of stock award recipients.
on december 14, 2020, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $1.000 billion of our common stock. we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during 2022 or 2021, and had the full amount available under the authorization as of december 31, 2022. there were approximately 263 million shares in treasury as of december 31, 2022 and 2021.
contractual obligations and commitments
(in millions)                          2023                    2024                    2025                  2026                    2027                 thereafter                    total debt obligations(1)                  $-                     $504                  $1,567                  $255                    $960                  $5,700                     $8,986
interest payments(2)                240                      231                     217                   198                     192                   1,587                      2,664
lease obligations                    80                       66                      55                    43                      34                     214                        492
purchase obligations(2)             755                      119                      71                    35                      19                      21                      1,021
legal reserves(3)                   231                        -                       -                     -                       -                       -                        231
one-time transition tax             122                      117                     146                     -                       -                       -                        386
$1,428                   $1,037                  $2,056                  $531                  $1,205                  $7,522                    $13,780
(1)  debt obligations are comprised of our senior notes outstanding as of december 31, 2022. this does not include unamortized debt issuance discounts, deferred financing costs and gain on fair value hedges or finance lease obligations. refer to note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
(2) in accordance with u.s. gaap, these obligations relate primarily to expenses associated with future periods and, with the exception of accrued interest, are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2022. interest payments included above are calculated based on rates and required fees applicable to our outstanding debt obligations as of december 31, 2022 described in note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k. interest payments above do not include interest on variable rate debt instruments.
(3)    timing of payment for our long-term liability for legal matters that are probable and estimable as of december 31, 2022 is uncertain and as such it is excluded from the table above. refer to note i - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information.
the amounts in the table above with respect to purchase obligations relate primarily to non-cancellable inventory commitments and capital expenditures entered in the normal course of business. the table above does not include:
•any future obligations to make payments of contingent consideration pursuant to certain of our acquisition agreements, due to the exact amount and timing of payments being uncertain. refer to note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information,
•unrecognized tax benefits, accrued interest and penalties and other related items because the timing of their future cash settlement is uncertain. refer to note h - income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information,
•acquired ipr&d projects that require future funding to complete. we estimate that the total remaining cost to complete acquired ipr&d projects is between $55 million and $65 million. net cash inflows from the projects currently in development are expected to continue through 2039, following the respective launches of these technologies in the u.s. and europe. certain of our acquisitions also involve the potential payment of contingent
49
consideration, but the timing and amounts are uncertain. see note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information,
•holders of our mcps will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, out of funds legally available for payment, cumulative dividends at the annual rate of 5.50% of the liquidation preference of $100 per share, payable in cash or, subject to certain limitations, by delivery of shares of common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election; provided, however, that any unpaid dividends on the mcps will continue to accumulate as described in the certificate of designations,
•the definitive agreement, entered into on june 15, 2022, with synergy innovation co, ltd, to purchase its majority stake of m.i. tech co., ltd., (m.i. tech) for approximately $230 million, which we are working towards closing during the second quarter of 2023, and the definitive agreement, entered into on november 29, 2022, to acquire 100 percent of the fully diluted equity of apollo endosurgery, inc. for approximately $615 million, which is expected to close during the first half of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions. additionally, on february 20, 2023, we completed the acquisition of a majority stake in acotec for approximately $520 million using cash on hand. see note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information.
2023 restructuring plan on february 22, 2023, our board of directors approved, and we committed to, a new global restructuring program (the 2023 restructuring plan). the 2023 restructuring plan is intended to meet evolving global market demands and conditions by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value.
the 2023 restructuring plan will further build on our global supply chain optimization strategy, which is intended to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network by transferring certain production lines among facilities and expand operational efficiencies and resiliency. key activities under the 2023 restructuring plan will also include optimizing certain functional capabilities to better support business growth and achieve cost synergies. these activities are expected to be initiated in the first quarter of 2023, and substantially completed by the end of 2025.
while we expect limited role reductions as a result of these restructuring activities, we anticipate that our overall employee base will remain relatively unchanged upon completion of the 2023 restructuring plan as new jobs are created in areas of growth and resources are deployed to support an expanding portfolio and growing global market needs.
the implementation of the 2023 restructuring plan is estimated to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately $450 million to $550 million, of which approximately $350 million to $450 million is expected to result in future cash outlays, and reduce gross annual pre-tax expenses by approximately $225 million to $275 million by the end of 2025 as program benefits are realized. we expect a substantial portion of the savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. the following table provides a summary of our estimates of total pre-tax charges associated with the 2023 restructuring plan by major type of cost:
type of cost (in millions)                                    total estimated amount expected to be incurred restructuring charges:
termination benefits(1)                                  $60                       -                     $80
other(2)                                                  40                       -                      60
restructuring-related expenses:
transfer costs                                           250                       -                     280
other(3)                                                 100                       -                     130
$450                       -                    $550
(1)    plans detailing specific employee impacts will be developed for each affected region and business, working with employee representative bodies where required under local laws.
(2)    consists primarily of consulting fees and costs associated with contractual cancellations.
(3)    comprised of other costs directly related to the restructuring program, including program management, accelerated depreciation, fixed asset write-offs, and costs to transfer product lines among facilities.
legal matters for a discussion of our material legal proceedings see note i - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates our financial results are affected by the selection and application of accounting policies and methods. we have adopted accounting policies to prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap.
to prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, management makes estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities, including our contingent liabilities, as of the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of our revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. our actual results may differ from these estimates. we consider estimates to be critical (i) if we are required to make assumptions about material matters that are uncertain at the time of estimation or (ii) if materially different estimates could have been made or it is reasonably likely that the accounting estimate will change from period to period. the following are areas considered to be critical and require management's judgment: revenue recognition, inventory provisions, valuation of intangible assets and contingent consideration liability, goodwill valuation, legal and product liability accruals and income taxes.
see note a - significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information related to our accounting policies and our consideration of these critical accounting areas.
revenue recognition deferred revenue we record a contract liability, or deferred revenue, when we have an obligation to provide a product or service to the customer and payment is received or due in advance of our performance. when we sell a device with a future service obligation, we defer revenue on the unfulfilled performance obligation and recognize this revenue over the related service period. generally, we do not have observable evidence of the standalone selling price related to our future service obligations; therefore, we estimate the selling price using an expected cost plus a margin approach. we allocate the transaction price using the relative standalone selling price method. the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of revenue deferral.
our contractual liabilities are primarily composed of deferred revenue related to the latitudetm patient management system within our cardiac rhythm management (crm) business, for which revenue is recognized over the average service period based on device and patient longevity. our contractual liabilities also include deferred revenue related to the lux-dxtm insertable cardiac monitor (icm) system, also within our crm business, for which revenue is recognized over the average service period based on device longevity and usage. the use of alternative assumptions could impact the period over which revenue is recognized.
variable consideration we generally allow our customers to return defective, damaged and, in certain cases, expired products for credit. we base our estimate for sales returns upon historical trends and record the amount as a reduction to revenue when we sell the initial product. in addition, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products for next-generation product offerings. for these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount of product to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates.
we also offer sales rebates and discounts to certain customers and record these as a reduction of revenue and classify the corresponding liability as current. we estimate rebates for products where there is sufficient historical information available to predict the volume of expected future rebates. if we are unable to reasonably estimate the expected rebates, we record a liability for the maximum rebate percentage offered.
post-implant services we provide non-contractual services to customers to ensure the safe and effective use of certain implanted devices. we forward accrue the costs to provide these services at the time the devices are sold by estimating the amount of time spent by our representatives performing these services and their compensation throughout the device life to determine the service cost. changes to our business practice or the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of accrued cost.
inventory provisions we base our provisions for excess, expired and obsolete inventory primarily on our estimates of forecasted net sales. a significant change in the timing or level of demand for our products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess, expired and obsolete inventory in the future. further, the industry in which we participate is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to excess, expired and obsolete inventory.
valuation of intangible assets and contingent consideration liability we base the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination, including ipr&d, on detailed valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management, which consider management's best estimates of inputs and assumptions that a market participant would use. further, for those arrangements that involve potential future contingent consideration, we record on the date of acquisition a liability equal to the fair value of the estimated additional consideration we may be obligated to pay in the future. we re-measure this liability each reporting period and record changes in the fair value through a separate line item within our consolidated statements of operations. increases or decreases in the fair value of the contingent consideration liability can result from changes in discount rates, periods, timing and amount of projected revenue or timing or likelihood of achieving regulatory, revenue or commercialization-based milestones. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows, discount rates, useful life or probability of achieving clinical, regulatory or revenue-based milestones could result in different purchase price allocations and recognized amortization expense and contingent consideration expense or benefit in current and future periods.
we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment or adjustment to the remaining useful life. if we determine it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired based on our qualitative assessment of impairment indicators, we test the intangible asset for recoverability. if the carrying value of the intangible asset is determined not recoverable, we will write the carrying value down to fair value in the period the impairment is identified. we calculate fair value of our intangible assets as the present value of estimated future cash flows we expect to generate from the asset using a risk-adjusted discount rate. the use of alternative assumptions, including estimated cash flows, discount rates and alternative estimated remaining useful lives could result in different calculations of impairment.
in addition, we test our indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment and reassess their classification as indefinite-lived assets, or more frequently if indicators exist. we assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that our indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired, we then determine the fair value of the intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying value in accordance with fasb asc topic 350, intangibles - goodwill and other (fasb asc topic 350). if the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset, we write the carrying value down to fair value. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates could result in different fair value estimates.
goodwill valuation we allocate any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination to goodwill. we test our goodwill balances in the second quarter of each year as of april 1 for impairment, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest an impairment may exist.
we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. for our 2022 annual impairment assessment, following the reorganization of our operational structure in the first quarter of 2022, we identified the following reporting units for purposes of our annual goodwill impairment test: interventional cardiology, rhythm management, peripheral interventions, endoscopy, urology and neuromodulation. based on the criteria prescribed in fasb asc topic 350, we aggregated the interventional cardiology therapies and watchman components of our cardiology operating segment into a single interventional cardiology reporting unit and aggregated the cardiac rhythm management and electrophysiology components into a single rhythm management reporting unit.
in performing annual impairment assessments, when a quantitative test is performed, we typically use only the income approach, specifically the discounted cash flow method, to derive the fair value of each of our reporting units in preparing our goodwill impairment assessments. we historically selected this method as being the most meaningful in preparing our goodwill assessments because we believe the income approach most appropriately measures the fair value of our income producing assets. we have considered using the market approach and cost approach but concluded they are not appropriate in valuing our reporting units given the lack of relevant market comparisons available for application of the market approach and the inability to replicate the value of the specific technology-based assets within our reporting units for application of the cost approach.
in applying the income approach, we make assumptions about the amount and timing of future expected cash flows, terminal value growth rates and appropriate discount rates. the amount and timing of future cash flows within our discounted cash flow analysis is based on our most recent operational budgets, long range strategic plans and other estimates. the terminal value growth rate reflects our best estimates for stable, perpetual growth of our reporting units. we use estimates of market-participant risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital as a basis for determining the discount rates to apply to our reporting units' future expected cash flows.
although we use consistent methodologies in developing the assumptions and estimates underlying the fair value calculations used in our impairment tests, these estimates are uncertain by nature and can vary from actual results. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates could result in different fair value estimates.
future events that could have a negative impact on the levels of excess fair value over carrying value of our reporting units include, but are not limited to, the following:
•decreases in estimated market sizes or market growth rates due to greater-than-expected declines in procedural volumes, inclusive of those resulting from macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pricing pressures and reductions in reimbursement levels,
•declines in our market share and penetration assumptions due to increased competition, an inability to develop or launch new and next-generation products and technology features in line with our commercialization strategies and market and/or regulatory conditions that may cause significant launch delays or product actions,
•decreases in our forecasted profitability due to an inability to implement successfully and achieve timely and sustainable cost improvement measures consistent with our expectations,
•negative developments in intellectual property litigation that may impact our ability to market certain products or increase our costs to sell certain products,
•the level of success of ongoing and future research and development efforts, including those related to acquisitions and increases in the research and development costs necessary to obtain regulatory approvals and launch new products,
•the level of success in managing the growth of acquired companies, achieving sustained profitability consistent with our expectations, establishing government and third-party payer reimbursement, supplying the market and increases in the costs and time necessary to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully,
•changes in our reporting units or in the structure of our business as a result of future reorganizations, acquisitions or divestitures of assets or businesses and
•increases in our market-participant risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital and increases in our market-participant tax rate and/or changes in tax laws or macroeconomic conditions.
negative changes in one or more of these factors, among others, could result in future impairment charges.
legal and product liability accruals we are involved in various legal and regulatory proceedings, including intellectual property, breach of contract, securities litigation and product liability suits. in some cases, the claimants seek damages, as well as other relief, which, if granted, could require significant expenditures or impact our ability to sell our products. we accrue anticipated costs of settlement, damages, losses for product liability claims and, under certain conditions, costs of defense, based on historical experience or to the extent specific losses are probable and estimable. otherwise, we expense these costs as incurred. if the estimate of a probable loss is a range and no amount within the range is more likely, we accrue the minimum amount of the range. litigation and product liability matters are inherently uncertain, and the outcomes of individual matters are difficult to predict and quantify. as such, significant judgment is required in determining our legal and product liability accruals. our estimates related to our legal and product liability accruals may change as additional information becomes available to us, including information related to the nature or existence of claims against us, trial court or appellate proceedings, and mediation, arbitration or settlement proceedings.
income taxes we establish reserves when we believe that certain positions are likely to be challenged despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable. the calculation of our tax liabilities involves significant judgment based on individual facts, circumstances and information available in addition to applying complex tax regulations in various jurisdictions across our global operations. under u.s. gaap, in order to recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must determine it is more likely than not the position will be sustained, and the measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon resolution of the benefit. although we believe that we have adequately provided for liabilities resulting from tax assessments by taxing authorities, positions taken by these tax authorities could have a material impact on our effective tax rate, results of operations, financial position and/or cash flows.
as part of the tax cut and jobs act (tcja), we are subject to a territorial tax system in which we are required to establish an accounting policy in providing for tax on global intangible low taxed income (gilti) earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. we have elected to treat the impact of gilti as a period cost and report it as a part of continuing operations.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note p - new accounting pronouncements to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information on standards implemented during 2022 and standards to be implemented in future periods.
additional information corporate sustainability our sustainable environmental, social and governance practices underpin all aspects of our global business. our approach is aligned with the united nations sustainable development goals and our material topics and practices are informed by a broad range of internal and external stakeholders - locally, nationally and globally. our employees around the world work with suppliers and other organizations that share our commitment to these practices that help address issues related to health inequity, economic disparity, climate change and environmental protection. these efforts are supported by our cross-functional corporate social responsibility steering committee, our corporate social responsibility council, our environmental health and safety teams and policies, our global council for inclusion, as well as our local, regional and national employee and community engagement programs. in addition, our executive committee performance is measured, among other things, against global gender and u.s. (inclusive of puerto rico) multicultural goals and performance against annual renewable electricity and carbon emissions goals.
we are also making measurable progress toward shaping a better future for our planet by proactively addressing energy consumption, carbon emissions and waste management. we have committed to a goal of carbon neutrality for scope 1 and scope 2 carbon emissions in our manufacturing and key distribution sites by 2030. our global real estate, facilities, environment, health & safety function is responsible for rigorously measuring, assessing and reporting progress toward these goals globally. we are focused on a "c3" strategy: cutting energy use, converting to renewable energy sources and compensating with carbon offset projects where needed. our global headquarters and u.s. distribution center in massachusetts, and our manufacturing plants in dorado, puerto rico and coyol, costa rica all utilize solar energy from on-site installations. our goal is to fully source or generate electricity from renewable sources by 2024, and by 2027, our goal is that 90
percent of all energy used across our manufacturing and key distribution sites, will be from renewable sources, representing an important milestone toward our 2030 carbon neutrality commitment.
in 2022, we obtained additional iso 50001:2018 - energy management systems certification for our manufacturing plants in maple grove and arden hills, minnesota and in dorado, puerto rico. this brings the total number of iso 50001:2018 certified sites in our global network to twelve. we have also obtained iso 14001:2015 - environment management systems certification at our major manufacturing plants and tier 1 distribution centers around the world, as well as our global headquarters. these are globally recognized standards for employee energy and environmental management systems, established by the international standards organization, which provides a voluntary framework to identify key energy and environmental aspects associated with our business. using these management systems and the specific attributes of our certified locations, we continue to improve our energy and environmental performance. we also have 12 leadership in energy and environmental design (leed) certified buildings on campuses in the u.s., latin america, europe and asia. leed is an internationally recognized certification program that seeks to ensure the mindful development, construction and maintenance of buildings in a way that benefits occupants and the environment by reducing waste and conserving resources.
cybersecurity we have established controls and procedures to escalate enterprise level issues, including cybersecurity matters, to the appropriate management levels within our organization and our board of directors, or members or committees thereof, as appropriate. under our framework, cybersecurity issues, including those involving vulnerabilities introduced by our use of third-party software, are analyzed by subject matter experts and a crisis committee for potential financial, operational, and reputational risks, based on, among other factors, the nature of the matter and breadth of impact. matters determined to present potential material impacts to our financial results, operations, and/or reputation are immediately reported by management to the board of directors, or individual members or committees thereof, as appropriate, in accordance with our escalation framework. in addition, we have established procedures to ensure that members of management responsible for overseeing the effectiveness of disclosure controls are informed in a timely manner of known cybersecurity risks and incidents that may materially impact our operations and that timely public disclosure is made, as appropriate.
international conflicts, including, but not limited to the russia/ukraine war and tension between china/taiwan, have heightened cybersecurity risks on a global basis. while there is significant uncertainty around implications of cybersecurity attacks resulting from such conflicts, we have taken steps to better understand our readiness, including the resilience of our critical business functions, with the goal of reducing the impact if such an event were to occur.
use of non-gaap financial measures to supplement our consolidated financial statements presented on a gaap basis, we disclose certain non-gaap financial measures, including adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders and adjusted net income (loss) per share (eps) that exclude certain charges (credits); operational net sales, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations; and organic net sales, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations as well as the impact of certain acquisitions and divestitures with less than a full period of comparable net sales. these non-gaap financial measures are not in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation from or as a replacement for the most directly comparable gaap financial measures. further, other companies may calculate these non-gaap financial measures differently than we do, which may limit the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes.
to calculate adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders and adjusted net income (loss) per share we exclude certain charges (credits) from gaap net income and gaap net income available to common stockholders, which include amortization expense, goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits), investment portfolio gains and losses, restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits), certain litigation-related net charges (credits), eu mdr implementation costs, debt extinguishment charges, deferred tax expenses (benefits) and discrete tax items. amounts are presented after-tax using our effective tax rate, unless the amount is a significant unusual or infrequently occurring item in accordance with financial accounting standards board accounting standards codification topic 740-270-30, "general methodology and use of estimated annual effective tax rate."
the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders and adjusted net income (loss) per share are gaap net income (loss), gaap net income (loss) available to common stockholders and gaap net income (loss) per common share - assuming dilution, respectively.
to calculate operational net sales growth rates, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, we convert actual net sales from local currency to u.s. dollars using constant foreign currency exchange rates in the current and prior periods.
to calculate organic net sales growth rates, we also remove the impact of acquisitions and divestitures with less than a full period of comparable net sales. the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to operational net sales and organic net sales is net sales reported on a gaap basis.
reconciliations of each of these non-gaap financial measures to the corresponding gaap financial measure are included in the relevant sections of this annual report on form 10-k.
management uses these supplemental non-gaap financial measures to evaluate performance period over period, to analyze the underlying trends in our business, to assess our performance relative to our competitors and to establish operational goals and forecasts that are used in allocating resources. in addition, management uses these non-gaap financial measures to further its understanding of the performance of our operating segments. the adjustments excluded from our non-gaap financial measures are consistent with those excluded from our operating segments' measures of net sales and profit or loss. these adjustments are excluded from the segment measures reported to our chief operating decision maker that are used to make operating decisions and assess performance.
we believe that presenting adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders adjusted net income (loss) per share, operational and organic net sales growth rates, in addition to the corresponding gaap financial measures, provides investors greater transparency to the information used by management for its operational decision-making and allows investors to see our results "through the eyes" of management. we further believe that providing this information assists our investors in understanding our operating performance and the methodology used by management to evaluate and measure such performance.
the following is an explanation of each of the adjustments that management excluded as part of these non-gaap financial measures as well as reasons for excluding each of these individual items. in each case, management has excluded the item for purposes of calculating the relevant non-gaap financial measure to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance:
adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders and adjusted net income (loss) per share
•amortization expense - we record intangible assets acquired in a business combination or asset acquisition, as well as internally-developed patents at historical cost and amortize them over their estimated useful lives. amortization expense is excluded from management's assessment of operating performance due to its non-cash nature and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges - these amounts represent write-downs of certain goodwill and/or other intangible asset balances. we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment and test our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment. if we determine the carrying value of the amortizable intangible asset is not recoverable, goodwill of a reporting unit is impaired or it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired, we will write the carrying value down to fair value in the period identified. impairment charges are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) - these adjustments may consist of (a) contingent consideration fair value adjustments; (b) gains on previously held investments; (c) due diligence, deal fees and other fees and costs related to our acquisition and divestiture transactions; (d) inventory step-up amortization and accelerated compensation expense; (e) integration and exit costs; and (f) separation costs and gains or losses primarily associated with the sale of a business or portion of a business. the contingent consideration fair value adjustments represent accounting adjustments to state contingent consideration liabilities at their estimated fair value. these adjustments can be highly variable depending on the assessed likelihood and amount of future contingent consideration. gains on previously held investments, due diligence, deal fees and other fees and costs, inventory step-up amortization, accelerated compensation expense, and other expenses and gains or losses associated with divestitures or acquisitions can be highly variable and not representative of ongoing operations. integration, separation and exit costs, include contract cancellations, severance and other compensation-related charges and costs, project management fees and costs, and other direct costs associated with the integration of our acquisitions or separation of our divested businesses. these integration, separation and exit activities take place over a defined timeframe and have distinct project timelines, are incremental to activities and costs that arise in the ordinary course of our business and are not considered part of our core, ongoing operations. these acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits) - these adjustments primarily represent severance and other compensation-related charges, fixed asset write-offs, contract cancellations, project management fees, facility shut down costs, costs to transfer manufacturing lines between geographically dispersed facilities and other direct costs associated with our restructuring plans. these restructuring plans each consist of distinct initiatives that are fundamentally different from our ongoing, core cost reduction initiatives in terms of, among other things, the frequency with which each action is performed and the required planning, resourcing, cost and timing. examples of such initiatives include the movement of business activities, facility consolidations and closures and the transfer of product lines between manufacturing facilities, which, due to the highly regulated nature of our industry, requires a significant investment in time and cost to create duplicate manufacturing lines, run product validations and seek regulatory approvals. restructuring initiatives take place over a defined timeframe and have a distinct project timeline that requires, and begins subsequent to, approval by our board of directors. in contrast to our ongoing cost reduction initiatives, restructuring initiatives typically result in duplicative cost and exit costs over the defined timeframe and are not considered part of our core, ongoing operations. in addition, during the fourth quarter of 2020 and first half of 2021, we incurred restructuring and restructuring-related net charges associated with management's decision to retire the lotus platform. these restructuring plans are incremental to the core activities that arise in the ordinary course of our business. restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•litigation-related net charges (credits) - these adjustments include certain significant product liability and other litigation-related charges and credits. we record these charges and credits, which we consider to be unusual or infrequent and significant, within the litigation-related charges line in our consolidated statements of operations; all other legal and product liability charges, credits and costs are recorded within selling general and administrative expenses. certain litigation-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•eu mdr implementation costs - these adjustments represent certain incremental costs specific to complying with new regulatory requirements in the eu. eu mdr replaced the existing european medical devices directive (mdd) regulatory framework, and manufacturers of medical devices were required to comply with eu mdr beginning in may 2021 for new product registrations and by may 2024 for medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the prior directives (issued before may 2021). updates to the legislative text of the eu mdr were adopted by the european parliament and are currently being reviewed for adoption by the council of the european union, including an extension of the transitional period to 2027 for class iib and iii and 2028 for class i and iia medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the prior directives (issued before may 2021). we expect to incur significant expenditures in connection with the adoption of the eu mdr requirements and we consider the adoption of eu mdr to be a significant change to a regulatory framework, and therefore, these expenditures are not considered to be ordinary course expenditures in connection with regulatory matters. as such, certain of these costs are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•debt extinguishment net charges (credits) - these amounts relate to the early extinguishment of certain outstanding principal amounts of our senior notes. certain debt extinguishment net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•investment portfolio net losses (gains) - these amounts represent write-downs or fair value remeasurement gains and losses related to our investment portfolio. each reporting period, we evaluate our investments without a readily determinable fair value to determine if there are any events or circumstances that are likely to have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investment. if we identify an impairment indicator, we will estimate the fair value of the investment and compare it to its carrying value and determine if the impairment is other-than-temporary, and recognize an impairment loss. in addition, for those investments accounted for under the measurement alternative method of accounting, we record gains and losses to remeasure the carrying value of the investments to their fair values based on observable market prices or implied market values. investment impairment charges and fair value remeasurements can be highly variable dependent on external market factors and conditions relative to the underlying investee, which are generally outside of the control of management, as such these amounts are excluded from management's assessment of performance.
•deferred tax expenses (benefits) - this adjustment relates to a significant non-cash tax benefit arising from an intra-entity asset transfer of intellectual property completed in the fourth quarter of 2019 which resulted in our recording a $4.102 billion net deferred tax asset. the deferred tax benefit associated with the establishment of the net deferred tax asset as well as any deferred tax expense resulting from the reversal of the deferred tax asset are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•discrete tax items - these items represent adjustments of certain tax positions including those which a) are related to the finalization of the enactment date impact of the tcja, or b) are related to the tax consequences of a non-gaap adjustment item booked in a prior period. these discrete tax items are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
operational net sales
•the impact of foreign currency fluctuations is highly variable and difficult to predict. accordingly, management excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations for purposes of reviewing net sales and growth rates to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance.
organic net sales
•organic net sales growth excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and net sales attributable to acquisitions and divestitures for which there are less than a full period of comparable net sales.
rule 10b5-1 trading plans by executive officers periodically, certain of our executive officers adopt written stock trading plans in accordance with rule 10b5-1 under the exchange act and our own stock trading policy. a rule 10b5-1 trading plan is a written document that pre-establishes the amount, prices and dates (or formulas for determining the amounts, prices and dates) of future purchases or sales of our stock, including shares issued upon exercise of stock options or vesting of deferred stock units. these plans are entered into at a time when the person is not in possession of material non-public information about our company. we disclose details regarding individual rule 10b5-1 trading plans on the investor relations section of our website.
management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting as the management of boston scientific corporation, we are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. we designed our internal control process to provide reasonable assurance to management and the board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022. in making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission in internal control-integrated framework (2013 framework). based on our assessment, we believe that, as of december 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective at a reasonable assurance level based on these criteria.
in accordance with the sec staff 's interpretive guidance for newly acquired businesses, we are permitted to omit an assessment of an acquired business's internal control over financial reporting from our assessment of internal control for up to one year from the acquisition date. as such, we have excluded baylis medical company inc., acquired on february 14, 2022, from our annual assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022. this business represented less than one percent of total assets as of december 31, 2022 and approximately one percent of net sales for the year then ended.
ernst & young llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. this report, in which they expressed an unqualified opinion, is included below.
/s/ michael f. mahoney                          /s/ daniel j. brennan michael f. mahoney                              daniel j. brennan chief executive officer                         executive vice president and chief financial officer report of independent registered public accounting firm to the stockholders and the board of directors of boston scientific corporation opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited boston scientific corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) (the coso criteria). in our opinion, boston scientific corporation (the company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022, based on the coso criteria.
as indicated in the accompanying management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting, management's assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of baylis medical company inc., which is included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the company and constituted less than 1% of total assets as of december 31, 2022 and approximately 1% of revenues for the year then ended. our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of baylis medical company inc.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the company and our report dated february 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion the company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ ernst & young llp boston, massachusetts february 23, 2023