item 1a. risk factors factors that could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition are outlined below. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem insignificant may also impair our business or results of operations as they become known or as facts and circumstances change. any of the risks described below could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
insurance our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected by the occurrence of natural and man-made disasters.
we have substantial exposure to losses resulting from natural disasters, man-made catastrophes, such as terrorism or cyber-attack, and other catastrophic events, including pandemics. this could impact a variety of our businesses, including our commercial and personal lines, and life and accident and health (a&h) products. catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, typhoons, earthquakes, hailstorms, droughts, explosions, severe winter weather, fires, war, acts of terrorism, nuclear accidents, political instability, and other natural or man-made disasters, including a global or other wide-impact pandemic or a significant cyber-attack. the incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable and our losses from catastrophes could be substantial. in addition, climate change and resulting changes in global temperatures, weather patterns, and sea levels may both increase the frequency and severity of natural catastrophes and the resulting losses in the future and impact our risk modeling assumptions. we cannot predict the impact that changing climate conditions, if any, may have on our results of operations or our financial condition. additionally, we cannot predict how legal, regulatory and/or social responses to concerns around global climate change and the resulting impact on various sectors of the economy may impact our business. exposure to cyber risk is increasing systematically due to greater digital dependence and increases possible losses due to a catastrophic cyber event. cyber catastrophic scenarios are not bound by time or geographic limitations and cyber catastrophic perils don't have well-established definitions and fundamental physical properties. rather, cyber risks are engineered by human actors and thus are continuously evolving, often in ways that are engineered specifically to evade established loss mitigation controls. the occurrence of claims from catastrophic events could result in substantial volatility in our results of operations or financial condition for any fiscal quarter or year. although we attempt to manage our exposure to such events through the use of underwriting controls, risk models, and the purchase of third-party reinsurance, catastrophic events are inherently unpredictable and the actual nature of such events, when they occur, could be more frequent or severe than contemplated in our pricing and risk management expectations. as a result, the occurrence of one or more catastrophic events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
covid-19, the effects of global actions taken to contain its spread, and its economic and societal impact could adversely impact our businesses, invested assets, financial condition, and results of operations.
although the adverse impact of covid-19 and related variants (the "pandemic") is lessening through medical advances (including the widespread distribution of vaccines, antiviral medicines, and other treatments) and the removal or lessening of government restrictions on economic and social activity, covid-19 continues to threaten further disruption to public health, the global economy, financial markets, and commercial, social and community activity generally. depending on the course of the pandemic, including the spread of new variants, and government responses, covid-19 may continue to affect our current and future financial results. we may experience higher levels of loss and, claims activity in certain lines of business in excess of losses we have already recognized, and our premiums could also be adversely affected by any repeated or further suppression of global commercial activity that results in a reduction in insurable assets and other exposure. financial conditions resulting from the pandemic and the economic consequences of the resulting fiscal and monetary policy may also have a negative effect on the value and quality of our portfolio of invested assets, thereby adversely affecting our investment returns and increasing our credit and related risk. certain lines of our business, such as our variable annuity life reinsurance business, may require additional forms of collateral in the event of a decline in the securities and benchmarks to which those repayment mechanisms are linked.
if actual claims exceed our loss reserves, our financial results could be adversely affected.
our results of operations and financial condition depend upon our ability to accurately assess the potential losses associated with the risks that we insure and reinsure. we establish reserves for unpaid losses and loss expenses, which are estimates of future payments of reported and unreported claims for losses and related expenses, with respect to insured events that have occurred at or prior to the balance sheet date. the process of establishing reserves can be highly complex and is subject to considerable variability as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments.
actuarial staff in each of our segments regularly evaluates the levels of loss reserves. any such evaluation could result in future changes in estimates of losses or reinsurance recoverables and would be reflected in our results of operations in the period in which the estimates are changed. losses and loss expenses are charged to income as incurred. during the loss settlement period, which can be many years in duration for some of our lines of business, additional facts regarding individual claims and trends often will become known which may result in a change in overall reserves. in addition, application of statistical and actuarial methods may require the adjustment of overall reserves upward or downward from time to time.
we include in our loss reserves liabilities for latent claims such as asbestos and environmental (a&e), which are principally related to claims arising from remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites and bodily-injury claims related to exposure to asbestos products and environmental hazards. at december 31, 2022, gross a&e liabilities represented approximately 2.0 percent of our gross loss reserves. the estimation of these liabilities is subject to many complex variables including: the current legal environment; specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims; assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim severity and the frequency of higher severity claims; assumptions regarding the ability to allocate liability among defendants (including bankruptcy trusts) and other insurers; the ability of a claimant to bring a claim in a state in which it has no residency or exposure; the ability of a policyholder to claim the right to non-products coverage; whether high-level excess policies have the potential to be accessed given the policyholder's claim trends and liability situation; payments to unimpaired claimants; and the potential liability of peripheral defendants. accordingly, the ultimate settlement of losses, arising from either latent or non-latent causes, may be significantly greater or less than the loss and loss expense reserves held at the balance sheet date. in addition, the amount and timing of the settlement of our p&c liabilities are uncertain and our actual payments could be higher than contemplated in our loss reserves owing to the impact of insurance, judicial decisions, and/or social inflation. if our loss reserves are determined to be inadequate, we may be required to increase loss reserves at the time of the determination and our net income and capital may be reduced.
the effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain.
as industry practices and legislative, regulatory, judicial, social, financial, technological and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. these issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the frequency and severity of claims. in some instances, these changes may not become apparent until after we have issued insurance or reinsurance contracts that are affected by the changes. for example, "reviver" legislation in certain states does allow civil claims relating to molestation to be asserted against policyholders that would otherwise be barred by statutes of limitations. as a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance or reinsurance contracts may not be known for many years after issuance.
the failure of any of the loss limitation methods we use could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we seek to manage our loss exposure by maintaining a disciplined underwriting process throughout our insurance operations. we also look to limit our loss exposure by writing a number of our insurance and reinsurance contracts on an excess of loss basis. excess of loss insurance and reinsurance indemnifies the insured against losses in excess of a specified amount. in addition, we limit program size for each client and purchase third-party reinsurance for our own account. in the case of our assumed proportional reinsurance treaties, we seek per occurrence limitations or loss and loss expense ratio caps to limit the impact of losses ceded by the client. in proportional reinsurance, the reinsurer shares a proportional part of the premiums and losses of the reinsured. we also seek to limit our loss exposure by geographic diversification. geographic zone limitations involve significant underwriting judgments, including the determination of the area of the zones and the inclusion of a particular policy within a particular zone's limits.
however, there are inherent limitations in all of these tactics and no assurance can be given against the possibility of an event or series of events that could result in loss levels that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. it is also possible that losses could manifest themselves in ways that we do not anticipate and that our risk mitigation strategies are not designed to address. additionally, various provisions of our policies, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage or choice of forum negotiated to limit our risks, may not be enforceable in the manner we intend. as a result, one or more natural or man-made catastrophes, terrorism, or other events could result in claims that substantially exceed our expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we may be unable to purchase reinsurance, and/or if we successfully purchase reinsurance, we are subject to the possibility of non-payment.
we purchase protection from third parties including, but not limited to, reinsurance to protect against catastrophes and other sources of volatility, to increase the amount of protection we can provide our clients, and as part of our overall risk management strategy. our reinsurance business also purchases retrocessional protection which allows a reinsurer to cede to another company all or part of the reinsurance originally assumed by the reinsurer. a reinsurer's or retrocessionaire's insolvency or inability or unwillingness to make timely payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement with us could have an adverse effect on us because we remain liable to the insured. from time to time, market conditions have limited, and in some cases have prevented, insurers and reinsurers from obtaining the types and amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance that they consider adequate for their business needs.
there is no guarantee our desired amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance will be available in the marketplace in the future. in addition to capacity risk, the remaining capacity may not be on terms we deem appropriate or acceptable or with companies with whom we want to do business. finally, we face some degree of counterparty risk whenever we purchase reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance. consequently, the insolvency of these counterparties, or the inability, or unwillingness of any of our present or future reinsurers to make timely payments to us under the terms of our reinsurance or retrocessional agreements could have an adverse effect on us. at december 31, 2022, we had $19.2 billion of reinsurance recoverables, net of reserves for uncollectible recoverables.
certain active chubb companies are primarily liable for a&e and other exposures they have reinsured to our inactive run-off company century indemnity company (century). at december 31, 2022, the aggregate reinsurance balances ceded by our active subsidiaries to century were approximately $1.9 billion. should century's loss reserves experience adverse development in the future and should century be placed into rehabilitation or liquidation, the reinsurance recoverables due from century to its affiliates would be payable only after the payment in full of third-party expenses and liabilities, including administrative expenses and direct policy liabilities. thus, the intercompany reinsurance recoverables would be at risk to the extent of the shortage of assets remaining to pay these recoverables. while we believe the intercompany reinsurance recoverables from century are not impaired at this time, we cannot assure that adverse development with respect to century's loss reserves, if manifested, will not result in century's insolvency, which could result in our recognizing a loss to the extent of any uncollectible reinsurance from century. this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our net income may be volatile because certain products sold by our life insurance business expose us to future policy benefit (fpb) reserve and fair value liability changes that are directly affected by market and other factors and assumptions.
our pricing, establishment of liabilities for life insurance and annuity products, including reinsurance programs, are based upon various assumptions, including but not limited to equity market changes, interest rates, mortality rates, morbidity rates, and policyholder behavior. effective january 1, 2023, we adopted new u.s. gaap accounting guidance for long-duration contracts (ldti) that affects the accounting for guaranteed minimum death benefits (gmdb) and guaranteed living benefits (glb), principally guaranteed minimum income benefits (gmib), associated with variable annuity contracts, collectively referred to as market risk benefits (mrb). the process of establishing mrb liabilities relies on our ability to accurately estimate insured events that have not yet occurred but that are expected to occur in future periods. significant deviations in actual experience from assumptions used for pricing and for mrb liabilities could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products and our business.
under reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, we assumed the risk of gmdb and gmib, associated with variable annuity contracts. we ceased writing this business in 2007. our net income is directly impacted by the change in the fair value of the mrb liability. we view our variable annuity reinsurance business as having a similar risk profile to that of catastrophe reinsurance, with the probability of long-term economic loss relatively small at the time of pricing. adverse changes in market factors and policyholder behavior will have an impact on consolidated net income.
with the adoption of ldti, effective january 1, 2023, the accounting for our fpb reserves will also be sensitive to changing interest rate conditions. the ldti guidance requires that we update fpb reserves for changes in discount rates quarterly which could cause volatility in our shareholders' equity.
payment of obligations under surety bonds could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
the surety business tends to be characterized by infrequent but potentially high severity losses. the majority of our surety obligations are intended to be performance-based guarantees. when losses occur, they may be mitigated, at times, by recovery rights to the customer's assets, contract payments, and collateral and bankruptcy recoveries. we have substantial commercial and construction surety exposure for current and prior customers. in that regard, we have exposures related to surety bonds issued on behalf of companies that have experienced or may experience deterioration in creditworthiness. if the financial condition of these companies were adversely affected by the economy or otherwise, we may experience an increase in filed claims and may incur high severity losses, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
our exposure to various commercial and contractual counterparties, our reliance on brokers, and certain of our policies may subject us to credit risk.
we have exposure to counterparties through a variety of commercial transactions and arrangements, including reinsurance transactions; agreements with banks, hedge funds and other investment vehicles; and derivative transactions, that expose us to credit risk in the event our counterparty fails to perform its obligations. this includes exposure to financial institutions in the form of secured and unsecured debt instruments and equity securities. moreover, deposits paid in connection with our agreements to acquire additional shares of huatai group expose us to risk if the transactions are not completed.
in accordance with industry practice, we generally pay amounts owed on claims to brokers who, in turn, remit these amounts to the insured or ceding insurer. although the law is unsettled and depends upon the facts and circumstances of the particular case, in some jurisdictions, if a broker fails to make such a payment, we might remain liable to the insured or ceding insurer for the deficiency. conversely, in certain jurisdictions, if a broker does not remit premiums paid for these policies over to us, these premiums might be considered to have been paid and the insured or ceding insurer will no longer be liable to us for those amounts, whether or not we have actually received the premiums from the broker. consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with a broker with whom we transact business. however, due to the unsettled and fact-specific nature of the law, we are unable to quantify our exposure to this risk. to date, we have not experienced any material losses related to this credit risk.
under the terms of certain high-deductible policies which we offer, such as workers' compensation and general liability, our customers are responsible to reimburse us for an agreed-upon dollar amount per claim. in nearly all cases, we are required under such policies to pay covered claims first and then seek reimbursement for amounts within the applicable deductible from our customers. this obligation subjects us to credit risk from these customers. while we generally seek to mitigate this risk through collateral agreements and maintain a provision for uncollectible accounts associated with this credit exposure, an increased inability of customers to reimburse us in this context could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, a lack of credit available to our customers could impact our ability to collateralize this risk to our satisfaction, which in turn, could reduce the amount of high-deductible policies we could offer.
since we depend on a few brokers and agents for a large portion of our revenues, loss of business provided by any one of them could adversely affect us.
we market our insurance and reinsurance worldwide, primarily through independent insurance agents, insurance and reinsurance brokers, and bancassurance relationships. accordingly, our business is dependent on the willingness of these agents and brokers to recommend our products to their customers, who may also promote and distribute the products of our competitors. deterioration in relationships with our agent and broker distribution network or their increased promotion and distribution of our competitors' products could adversely affect our ability to sell our products. loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by one or more of these agents and brokers could have an adverse effect on our business.
financial our investment performance may affect our financial results and our ability to conduct business.
our investment assets are invested by professional investment management firms under the direction of our management team in accordance with investment guidelines approved by the risk & finance committee of the board of directors. although our investment guidelines stress diversification of risks and conservation of principal and liquidity, our investments are subject to market risks and risks inherent in individual securities. our investment performance is highly sensitive to many factors, including interest rates, inflation, monetary and fiscal policies, and domestic and international political conditions. the volatility of our losses may force us to liquidate securities, which may cause us to incur capital losses. realized and unrealized losses in our investment portfolio would reduce our book value, and if significant, can affect our ability to conduct business.
volatility in interest rates could impact the performance of our investment portfolio which could have an adverse effect on our investment income and operating results. although we take measures to manage the risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, we may not be able to effectively mitigate interest rate sensitivity. our mitigation efforts include maintaining a high-quality portfolio of primarily fixed income investments with a relatively short duration to reduce the effect of interest rate changes on book value. a significant increase in interest rates would generally have an adverse effect on our book value. our life insurance investments typically focus on longer duration bonds to better match the obligations of this business. for the life insurance business, policyholder behavior may be influenced by changing interest rate conditions and require a re-balancing of duration to effectively manage our asset/liability position.
as stated, our fixed income portfolio is primarily invested in high quality, investment-grade securities. however, a smaller portion of the portfolio, approximately 17 percent at december 31, 2022, is invested in below investment-grade securities. these securities, which pay a higher rate of interest, also have a higher degree of credit or default risk and may also be less liquid in times of economic weakness or market disruptions. while we have put in place procedures to monitor the credit risk and liquidity of our invested assets, it is possible that, in periods of economic weakness (such as recession), we may experience credit or default losses in our portfolio, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
as a part of our ongoing analysis of our investment portfolio, we are required to assess current expected credit losses for all held-to-maturity securities and evaluate expected credit losses for available-for-sale securities when fair value is below amortized cost, which considers reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions in addition to information about past events and current conditions. this analysis requires a high degree of judgment. financial assets with similar risk characteristics and relevant historical loss information are included in the development of an estimate of expected lifetime losses. declines in relevant stock and other financial markets and other factors impacting the value of our investments could result in an adverse effect on our net income and other financial results.
we may require additional capital or financing sources in the future, which may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms.
our future capital and financing requirements depend on many factors, including our ability to write new business successfully and to establish premium rates and reserves at levels sufficient to cover losses, as well as our investment performance and capital expenditure obligations, including with respect to acquisitions. we may need to raise additional funds through financings or access funds through existing or new credit facilities or through short-term repurchase agreements. we also from time to time seek to refinance debt or credit as amounts become due or commitments expire. any equity or debt financing or refinancing, if available at all, may be on terms that are not favorable to us. in the case of equity financings, dilution to our shareholders could result, and in any case, such securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges that are senior to those of our common shares. our access to funds under existing credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. under swiss law, we would be prohibited from selling shares in an equity financing at a purchase price below our then-current par value. if we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, or at all, we could be forced to use assets otherwise available for our business operations, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
we may be required to post additional collateral because of changes in our reinsurance liabilities to regulated insurance companies, or because of regulatory changes that affect our companies.
if our reinsurance liabilities increase, including in our property & casualty and variable annuity reinsurance businesses, we may be required to post additional collateral for insurance company clients. in addition, regulatory changes sometimes affect our obligations to post collateral. the need to post this additional collateral, if significant enough, may require us to sell investments at a loss in order to provide securities of suitable credit quality or otherwise secure adequate capital at an unattractive cost. this could adversely impact our net income and liquidity and capital resources.
u.s. and global economic and financial industry events and their consequences could harm our business, our liquidity and financial condition, and our stock price.
the consequences of adverse global or regional market and economic conditions may affect (among other aspects of our business) the demand for and claims made under our products, the ability of customers, counterparties, and others to establish or maintain their relationships with us, our ability to access and efficiently use internal and external capital resources, the availability of reinsurance protection, the risks we assume under reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, and our investment performance. the increasing impact of climate change could affect our cost of claims, loss ratios, and financial results. volatility in the u.s. and other securities markets may adversely affect our stock price.
a decline in our financial strength ratings could affect our standing among distribution partners and customers and cause our premiums and earnings to decrease. a decline in our debt ratings could increase our borrowing costs and impact our ability to access capital markets.
ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance and reinsurance companies. the objective of these rating systems is to provide an opinion of an insurer's financial strength and ability to meet ongoing obligations to its policyholders. a ratings downgrade could result in a substantial loss of business as insureds, ceding companies, and brokers move to other insurers and reinsurers with higher ratings. if one or more of our debt ratings were downgraded, we could also incur higher borrowing costs, and our ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. additionally, we could be required to post collateral or be faced with the cancellation of policies and resulting premium in certain circumstances. we cannot give any assurance regarding whether or to what extent any of the rating agencies might downgrade our ratings in the future.
our ability to pay dividends and/or to make payments on indebtedness may be constrained by our holding company structure.
chubb limited is a holding company that owns shares of its operating insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries along with several loans receivable from affiliates. beyond this it does not itself have any significant operations or liquid assets. repayment of loans receivable, guarantee fees and dividends and other permitted distributions from our insurance subsidiaries are its primary sources of funds to meet ongoing cash requirements, including any future debt service payments, other expenses, repurchases of its shares, and to pay dividends to our shareholders. some of our insurance subsidiaries are subject to significant regulatory restrictions limiting their ability to declare and pay dividends. the inability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends (or other intercompany amounts due, such as intercompany debt obligations) in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our cash requirements at the holding company level could have an adverse effect on our operations and our ability to repurchase shares and pay dividends to our shareholders.
swiss law imposes certain restrictions on our ability to repurchase our shares.
swiss law imposes certain withholding tax and other restrictions on a swiss company's ability to return earnings or capital to its shareholders, including through the repurchase of its own shares. we may only repurchase shares to the extent that sufficient freely distributable reserves are available. in addition, swiss law requires that the total par value of chubb's treasury shares must not be in excess of 10 percent of its total share capital, although an exemption from the 10 percent limit applies for repurchased treasury shares dedicated for cancellation and acquired pursuant to a shareholder-ratified repurchase program. as a result, in order to maintain our share repurchase program, our shareholders must periodically approve a reduction in our share capital through the cancellation of designated blocks of repurchased shares held in treasury and may from time to time as necessary, in a separate vote, ratify our share repurchase program. if our shareholders do not approve the cancellation of repurchased shares or, if necessary, ratify our share repurchase program, we may be restricted or unable to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases in the future. furthermore, our current repurchase program relies on swiss tax rulings. any future revocation or loss of our swiss tax rulings or the inability to conduct repurchases in accordance with these rulings could jeopardize our ability to continue repurchasing our shares.
our operating results and shareholders' equity may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations.
our reporting currency is the u.s. dollar. in general, we match assets and liabilities in local currencies. where possible, capital levels in local currencies are limited to satisfy minimum regulatory requirements and to support local insurance operations. the principal currencies creating foreign exchange risk are the korean won, chinese yuan, canadian dollar, australian dollar, mexican peso, brazilian real, thai baht, japanese yen, euro, and hong kong dollar. at december 31, 2022, approximately 33.3 percent of our unhedged net assets were denominated in foreign currencies. we may experience losses resulting from fluctuations in the values of non-u.s. currencies, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
operational the regulatory and political regimes under which we operate, and their volatility, could have an adverse effect on our business.
we may from time to time face challenges resulting from changes in applicable law and regulations in particular jurisdictions, or changes in approach to oversight of our business from insurance or other regulators.
our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries conduct business globally. our businesses in each jurisdiction are subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision. the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled require, among other things, maintenance of minimum levels of statutory capital, surplus, and liquidity; various solvency standards; and periodic examinations of subsidiaries' financial condition. in some jurisdictions, laws and regulations also restrict payments of dividends and reductions of capital. applicable statutes, regulations, and policies may also restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to write insurance and reinsurance policies, to make certain investments, and to distribute funds. the purpose of insurance laws and regulations generally is to protect policyholders and ceding insurance companies, not our shareholders. for example, some jurisdictions have enacted various consumer protection laws that make it more burdensome for insurance companies to sell policies and interact with customers in personal lines businesses. failure to comply with such regulations can lead to significant penalties and reputational injury.
the foreign and u.s. federal and state laws and regulations that are applicable to our operations are complex and may increase the costs of regulatory compliance or subject our business to the possibility of regulatory actions or proceedings. laws and regulations not specifically related to the insurance industry include trade sanctions that relate to certain countries, anti-money laundering laws, and anti-corruption laws. the insurance industry is also affected by political, judicial, and legal developments that may create new and expanded regulations and theories of liability. the current economic and financial climates present additional uncertainties and risks relating to increased regulation and the potential for increased involvement of the u.s. and other governments in the financial services industry.
regulators in countries where we have operations continue to work with the international association of insurance supervisors (iais) to consider changes to insurance company supervision, including with respect to group supervision and solvency requirements. the iais has developed a common framework for the supervision of internationally active insurance groups (comframe), which is focused on the effective group-wide supervision of international active insurance groups (iaigs), such as chubb. as part of comframe, the iais is developing an international capital standard for such iaigs. the details of this global capital standard and its applicability to chubb are evolving and uncertain at this time. in addition, chubb businesses across the european union (eu) are subject to solvency ii, a capital and risk management regime, and our bermuda businesses are subject to an equivalent of the eu's solvency ii regime. also applicable to chubb businesses are the requirements of the swiss financial market supervisory authority (finma) whose regulations include swiss solvency tests. there are also risk based capital (rbc) requirements in the u.s. which are also subject to revision in response to global developments. the impact to chubb of these developments remains uncertain, although currently we do not expect that our capital management strategies, results of operations and financial condition will be materially affected by these regulatory changes.
evolving privacy and data security regulations could adversely affect our business.
we are subject to numerous u.s. federal and state laws and non-u.s. regulations governing the protection of personal and confidential information of our clients and employees, including in relation to medical records, credit card data and financial information. these laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently, sometimes conflict, and could expose chubb to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions.
for example, we are subject to the new york department of financial services' cybersecurity regulation (the nydfs cybersecurity regulation) which mandates detailed cybersecurity standards for all institutions, including insurance entities, authorized by the nydfs to operate in new york. the nydfs cybersecurity regulation has increased our compliance costs and could increase the risk of noncompliance and subject us to regulatory enforcement actions and penalties, as well as reputation risk.
additionally, the national association of insurance commissioners (naic) adopted an insurance data security model law, which requires licensed insurance entities to comply with detailed information security requirements. a number of states have enacted it into law, and it is not yet known whether or not, and to what extent, additional states will enact it. such enactments, especially if inconsistent between states or with existing laws and regulations could raise compliance costs or increase the risk of noncompliance, with the attendant risk of being subject to regulatory enforcement actions and penalties, as well as reputational harm.
the eu general data protection regulation (the gdpr) is a comprehensive regulation applying across all eu member states. all our business units (regardless of whether they are located in the eu) may be subject to the gdpr when personal data is processed in relation to the offer of goods and services to individuals within the eu. our failure to comply with gdpr and other countries' privacy or data security-related laws, rules or regulations could result in significant penalties imposed by regulators, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
significant other comprehensive privacy laws have been enacted by other jurisdictions, most notably the california consumer privacy act (ccpa), the california privacy rights act (cpra), and brazil's lei geral de protecao de dados (lgpd), which may affect our use of data and could affect our operations and subject us to fines and actions for noncompliance. in the u.s., several other states are considering similar legislation, and there are ongoing discussions regarding a national privacy law. new laws similar to the gdpr and the ccpa are expected to be enacted in coming years in various countries and jurisdictions in which we operate.
our worldwide operations, particularly in developing nations, expose us to global geopolitical developments that could have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition.
with operations in 54 countries and territories, we provide insurance and reinsurance products and services to a diverse group of clients worldwide, including operations in various developing nations. both current and future foreign operations could be adversely affected by unfavorable geopolitical developments, including law changes; tax changes; changes in trade policies; changes to visa or immigration policies; regulatory restrictions; government leadership changes; political events and upheaval; sociopolitical instability; social, political or economic instability resulting from climate change; and nationalization of our operations without compensation. adverse activity in any one country could negatively impact operations, increase our loss exposure under certain of our insurance products, and could, otherwise, have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition depending on the magnitude of the events and our net financial exposure at that time in that country.
a failure in our operational systems or infrastructure or those of third parties, including due to security breaches or cyber-attacks, could disrupt business, damage our reputation, and cause losses.
our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information and assets, including in our computer systems and networks and those of third-party service providers. our business depends on effective information security and systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data our information systems use to run our business. our ability to adequately price products and services, to establish reserves, to provide effective, efficient and secure service to our customers, to value our investments and to timely and accurately report our financial results also depends significantly on the integrity and availability of the data we maintain, including that within our information systems, as well as data in and assets held through third-party service providers and systems. like all global companies, our systems have and those of our third-party service providers, have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to threats from viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyber-attacks, cyber frauds or other computer-related penetrations. although we have implemented administrative and technical controls and have taken protective actions to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and to protect our information technology and assets, including conducting due diligence security reviews and negotiating agreements with third-party service providers, and we additionally endeavor to modify such procedures and agreements as circumstances warrant, such measures may be insufficient to prevent unauthorized access, computer viruses, malware or other malicious code or cyber-attack, business compromise attacks, catastrophic events, system failures and disruptions, employee errors, negligence or malfeasance, loss of assets or data and other events that could have security consequences (each, a security event). as the breadth and complexity of our security infrastructure continues to grow, the potential risk of a security event increases. such an event or events may jeopardize chubb's or its clients' or counterparties' confidential and other information processed and stored within chubb, and transmitted through its computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions, delays, or malfunctions in chubb's, its clients', its counterparties', or third parties' operations, or result in data loss or loss of assets which could result in significant losses, reputational damage or an adverse effect on our operations and critical business functions. chubb may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures and to pursue recovery of lost data or assets and we may be subject to litigation costs and losses, regulatory penalties (as described above) and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered by insurance maintained. in instances where we rely on third parties to perform business functions and process data on our behalf, chubb may be exposed to additional data security risk.
despite the contingency plans and facilities we have in place and our efforts to observe the regulatory requirements surrounding information security, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption of the infrastructure that supports our business in the communities in which we are located, or of outsourced services or functions. this may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, transportation, or other services used by chubb. if a disruption occurs in one location and chubb employees in that location are unable to occupy our offices and conduct business or communicate with or travel to other locations, our ability to service and interact with clients may suffer and we may not be able to successfully implement contingency plans that depend on communication or travel.
we use analytical models to assist our decision-making in key areas, such as underwriting, claims, reserving, and catastrophe risks, but actual results could differ materially from the model outputs and related analyses.
we use various modeling techniques (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and/or forecasting) and data analytics to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends and other risks associated with our assets and liabilities. we use the modeled outputs and related analyses to assist us in decision-making (e.g., underwriting, pricing, claims, reserving, reinsurance, and catastrophe risk) and to maintain competitive advantage. the modeled outputs and related analyses are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis, including the use of historical internal and industry data. in addition, the modeled outputs and related analyses may from time to time contain inaccuracies, perhaps in material respects, including as a result of inaccurate inputs or applications thereof. climate change may make modeled outcomes less certain or produce new, non-modeled risks. consequently, actual results may differ materially from our modeled results. if, based upon these models or other factors, we misprice our products or underestimate the frequency and/or severity of loss events, or overestimate the risks we are exposed to, new business growth and retention of our existing business may be adversely affected which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we could be adversely affected by the loss of one or more key executives or by an inability to attract and retain qualified personnel.
our success depends on our ability to retain the services of our existing key executives and to attract and retain additional qualified personnel in the future. the loss of the services of any of our key executives or the inability to hire and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future could adversely affect our ability to conduct or grow our business. this risk may be particularly acute for us relative to some of our competitors because some of our senior executives work in countries where they are not citizens and work permit and immigration issues could adversely affect the ability to retain or hire key persons. we do not maintain key person life insurance policies with respect to our employees.
employee error and misconduct may be difficult to detect and prevent and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
losses may result from, among other things, fraud, errors, failure to document transactions properly, failure to obtain proper internal authorization, failure to comply with underwriting or other internal guidelines, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements. it is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct, and the precautions that we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. resultant losses could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
strategic the continually changing landscape, including competition, technology and products, and existing and new market entrants could reduce our margins and adversely impact our business and results of operations.
insurance and reinsurance markets are highly competitive. we compete on an international and regional basis with major u.s., bermuda, european, and other international insurers and reinsurers and with underwriting syndicates, some of which have greater financial, technological, marketing, distribution and/or management resources than we do. in addition, capital market participants have created alternative products that are intended to compete with reinsurance products. we also compete with new companies and existing companies that move into the insurance and reinsurance markets. if competition, or technological or other changes to the insurance markets in which we operate, limits our ability to retain existing business or write new business at adequate rates or on appropriate terms, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. increased competition could also result in fewer submissions, lower premium rates, and less favorable policy terms and conditions, which could reduce our profit margins and adversely impact our net income and shareholders' equity.
recent technological advancements in the insurance industry and information technology industry present new and fast-evolving competitive risks as participants seek to increase transaction speeds, lower costs and create new opportunities. advancements in technology are occurring in underwriting, claims, distribution and operations at a pace that may quicken, including as companies increase use of data analytics and technology as part of their business strategy. we will be at a competitive disadvantage if, over time, our competitors are more effective than us in their utilization of technology and evolving data analytics. if we do not anticipate or keep pace with these technological and other changes impacting the insurance industry, it could limit our ability to compete in desired markets.
insurance and reinsurance markets are historically cyclical, and we expect to experience periods with excess underwriting capacity and unfavorable premium rates.
the insurance and reinsurance markets have historically been cyclical, characterized by periods of intense price competition due to excessive underwriting capacity as well as periods when shortages of capacity permitted favorable premium levels. an increase in premium levels is often offset by an increasing supply of insurance and reinsurance capacity, either by capital provided by new entrants or by the commitment of additional capital by existing insurers or reinsurers, which may cause prices to decrease. any of these factors could lead to a significant reduction in premium rates, less favorable policy terms, and fewer submissions for our underwriting services. in addition to these considerations, changes in the frequency and severity of losses suffered by insureds and insurers may affect the cycles of the insurance and reinsurance markets significantly, as could periods of economic weakness (such as recession).
the integration of acquired companies may not be as successful as we anticipate.
acquisitions involve numerous operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, tax, and other risks; potential liabilities associated with the acquired businesses; and uncertainties related to design, operation and integration of acquired businesses' internal controls over financial reporting. difficulties in integrating an acquired company, along with its personnel, may result in the acquired company performing differently than we expected, in operational challenges or in our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies. this may also apply to companies in which we acquire majority ownership. our existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by acquisitions. in addition, goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with insurance company acquisitions may be impaired if premium growth, underwriting profitability, agency retention and policy persistency, among other factors, differ from expectations.
there is also the potential that proposed acquisitions that have been publicly announced will not be consummated, even if a definitive agreement has been signed by the parties. if an agreement is terminated before closing, the result would be that our proposed acquisition would not occur, which could, among other things, expose us to damages or liability and adversely impact our stock price and future operations.
we may be subject to u.s. tax and bermuda tax which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and shareholder investment.
chubb limited and our non-u.s. subsidiaries operate in a manner so that none of these companies should be subject to u.s. tax (other than u.s. excise tax on insurance and reinsurance premium income attributable to insuring or reinsuring u.s. risks and u.s. withholding tax on some types of u.s. source investment income), because none of these companies should be treated as engaged in a trade or business within the u.s. however, because there is considerable uncertainty as to the activities that constitute being engaged in a trade or business within the u.s., we cannot be certain that the internal revenue service (irs) will not contend successfully that chubb limited or its non-u.s. subsidiaries are engaged in a trade or business in the u.s. if chubb limited or any of its non-u.s. subsidiaries were considered to be engaged in a trade or business in the u.s., such entity could be subject to u.s. corporate income and branch profits taxes on the portion of its earnings effectively connected to such u.s. business, in which case our results of operations and our shareholders' investments could be adversely affected.
the bermuda minister of finance, under the exempted undertakings tax protection act 1966 of bermuda, as amended, has given chubb limited and its bermuda insurance subsidiaries a written assurance that if any legislation is enacted in bermuda that would impose tax computed on profits or income, or computed on any capital asset, gain, or appreciation, then the imposition of any such tax would not be applicable to those companies or any of their respective operations, shares, debentures, or other obligations until march 31, 2035, except insofar as such tax would apply to persons ordinarily resident in bermuda or is payable by us in respect of real property owned or leased by us in bermuda. we cannot be certain that we will not be subject to any bermuda tax after march 31, 2035.
we could be adversely affected by certain features of the inflation reduction act.
on august 16, 2022, president biden signed the inflation reduction act (ira) of 2022 (h.r. 5376). key tax provisions included in the ira include a 15 percent corporate alternative minimum tax (camt) on adjusted financial statement income for corporations with average profits over $1 billion, and a 1 percent excise tax on repurchases of corporate stock. the camt and the excise tax on share repurchases are effective for tax years beginning after december 31, 2022. since enactment, the irs and u.s. treasury department have issued notices to assist taxpayers in understanding and implementing the new provisions. this guidance remains subject to comment; thus, there are many uncertainties relating to its ultimate application and effects on our company.
the organization for economic cooperation and development (oecd), european union (eu), swiss federal council, and other jurisdictions are considering or have passed measures that might change long standing tax principles that could increase our taxes.
the oecd has published a framework for taxation that in many respects is different than long standing international tax principles. this framework and proposed changes could redefine what income is taxed in which country and institute a 15 percent global minimum tax in 2024 or later years. the enactment of these reforms is very uncertain at this time, but if enacted could cause uncertainties to and increases in our income taxes.
several multilateral organizations, including the eu and the oecd have, in recent years, expressed concern about some countries not participating in adequate tax information exchange arrangements and have threatened those that do not agree to cooperate with punitive sanctions by member countries. it is still unclear what all these sanctions might be, which countries might adopt them, and when or if they might be imposed. we cannot assure, however, that the tax information exchange agreements (tieas) that have been entered into by switzerland and bermuda will be sufficient to preclude all of the sanctions described above, which, if ultimately adopted, could adversely affect us or our shareholders.
shareholders there are provisions in our charter documents that may reduce the voting rights and diminish the value of our common shares.
our articles of association generally provide that shareholders have one vote for each common share held by them and are entitled to vote at all meetings of shareholders. however, the voting rights exercisable by a shareholder may be limited so that certain persons or groups are not deemed to hold 10 percent or more of the voting power conferred by our common shares. moreover, these provisions could have the effect of reducing the voting power of some shareholders who would not otherwise be subject to the limitation by virtue of their direct share ownership. the board of directors may refuse to register holders of shares as shareholders with voting rights based on certain grounds, including if the holder would, directly or indirectly, formally, constructively or beneficially own (as described in articles 8 and 14 of our articles of association) or otherwise control voting rights with respect to 10 percent or more of the registered share capital recorded in the commercial register. in addition, the board of directors shall reject entry of holders of registered shares as shareholders with voting rights in the share register or shall decide on their deregistration when the acquirer or shareholder upon request does not expressly state that she/he has acquired or holds the shares in her/his own name and for her/his account.
applicable laws may make it difficult to effect a change of control of our company.
before a person can acquire control of a u.s. insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance commissioner of the state where the domestic insurer is domiciled. prior to granting approval of an application to acquire control of a domestic insurer, the state insurance commissioner will consider such factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the integrity and management of the applicant's board of directors and executive officers, the acquirer's plans for the future operations of the domestic insurer, and any anti-competitive results that may arise from the consummation of the acquisition of control. generally, state statutes provide that control over a domestic insurer is presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds with the power to vote, or holds proxies representing 10 percent or more of the voting securities of the domestic insurer. because a person acquiring 10 percent or more of our common shares would indirectly control the same percentage of the stock of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries, the insurance change of control laws of various u.s. jurisdictions would likely apply to such a transaction. laws of other jurisdictions in which one or more of our existing subsidiaries are, or a future subsidiary may be, organized or domiciled may contain similar restrictions on the acquisition of control of chubb.
while our articles of association limit the voting power of any shareholder to less than 10 percent, we cannot assure that the applicable regulatory body would agree that a shareholder who owned 10 percent or more of our common shares did not, because of the limitation on the voting power of such shares, control the applicable insurance subsidiary.
these laws may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter, or prevent a change of control of chubb, including transactions that some or all of our shareholders might consider to be desirable.
shareholder voting requirements under swiss law may limit our flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management.
swiss law allows our shareholders to authorize share capital which can be issued by the board of directors without shareholder approval, but this authorization must be renewed by the shareholders every two years. swiss law also does not provide as much flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of stock as permitted in other jurisdictions. swiss law also reserves for approval by shareholders many corporate actions over which the board of directors had authority prior to our re-domestication to switzerland. for example, dividends must be approved by shareholders. while we do not believe that swiss law requirements relating to our capital management will have an adverse effect on chubb, we cannot assure that situations will not arise where such flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders.
chubb limited is a swiss company; it may be difficult to enforce judgments against it or its directors and executive officers.
chubb limited is incorporated pursuant to the laws of switzerland. in addition, certain of our directors and officers reside outside the u.s. and all or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of such persons are located in jurisdictions outside the u.s. as such, it may be difficult or impossible to effect service of process within the u.s. upon those persons or to recover against us or them on judgments of u.s. courts, including judgments predicated upon civil liability provisions of the u.s. federal securities laws.
chubb has been advised by its swiss counsel that there is doubt as to whether the courts in switzerland would enforce:
judgments of u.s. courts based upon the civil liability provisions of the u.s. federal securities laws obtained in actions against it or its directors and officers, who reside outside the u.s.; or
original actions brought in switzerland against these persons or chubb predicated solely upon u.s. federal securities laws.
chubb has also been advised by its swiss counsel that there is no treaty in effect between the u.s. and switzerland providing for this enforcement, and there are grounds upon which swiss courts may not enforce judgments of u.s. courts. some remedies available under the laws of u.s. jurisdictions, including some remedies available under the u.s. federal securities laws, would not be allowed in swiss courts as contrary to that nation's public policy.
shareholders may be subject to swiss withholding taxes on the payment of dividends.
our dividends are generally subject to a swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35 percent; however, payment of a dividend in the form of a capital contribution reserve reduction or par value reduction is not subject to swiss withholding tax. we have previously obtained shareholder approval for dividends to be paid in such form. it is our practice to recommend to shareholders that they annually approve the payment of dividends in such form, but we cannot assure that our shareholders will continue to approve a reduction in such form each year or that we will be able to meet the other legal requirements for a reduction, or that swiss withholding tax rules will not be changed in the future. we estimate we would be able to pay dividends in such form, and thus exempt from swiss withholding tax, until 2028-2033. this range may vary depending upon changes in annual dividends, special dividends, certain share repurchases, fluctuations in u.s. dollar/swiss franc exchange rate, changes in par value or capital contribution reserves or changes or new interpretations to swiss corporate or tax law or regulations.
under certain circumstances, u.s. shareholders may be subject to adverse u.s. federal income tax consequences.
under certain circumstances, a u.s. person who owns or is deemed to own 10 percent or more of the voting power or value of a foreign corporation that is a "controlled foreign corporation" (cfc) (a foreign corporation in which 10 percent u.s. shareholders own or are deemed to own more than 50 percent of the voting power or value of the stock of a foreign corporation or more than 25 percent of certain foreign insurance corporations) for any period during a taxable year must include in gross income for u.s. federal income tax purposes a pro rata share of the cfc's "subpart f income". we believe that because of the dispersion of our share ownership it is unlikely that any u.s. person who acquires shares of chubb limited directly or indirectly through one or more foreign entities should be required to include any subpart f income in income under the cfc rules of u.s. tax law.
separately, any u.s. persons who hold shares may be subject to u.s. federal income taxation at ordinary income tax rates on their proportionate share of our related person insurance income (rpii). if the rpii of any of our non-u.s. insurance subsidiaries (each a "non-u.s. insurance subsidiary") were to equal or exceed 20 percent of that company's gross insurance income in any taxable year and direct or indirect insureds (and persons related to those insureds) own directly or indirectly through foreign entities 20 percent or more of the voting power or value of chubb limited, then a u.s. person who owns any shares of chubb limited (directly or indirectly through foreign entities) on the last day of the taxable year would be required to include in his or her income for u.s. federal income tax purposes such person's pro rata share of such company's rpii for the taxable year. in addition, any rpii that is includible in the income of a u.s. tax-exempt organization may be treated as unrelated business taxable income. we believe that the gross rpii of each non-u.s. insurance subsidiary did not in prior years of operation and is not expected in the foreseeable future to equal or exceed 20 percent of each such company's gross insurance income. likewise, we do not expect the direct or indirect insureds of each non-u.s. insurance subsidiary (and persons related to such insureds) to directly or indirectly own 20 percent or more of either the voting power or value of our shares. however, we cannot be certain that this will be the case because some of the factors which determine the extent of rpii may be beyond our control. if these thresholds are met or exceeded, any u.s. person's investment in chubb limited could be adversely affected. in 2022, the u.s. treasury department and the irs released proposed regulations that may cause more income to be treated as rpii than under current law.
a u.s. tax-exempt organization may recognize unrelated business taxable income if a portion of our insurance income is allocated to the organization. this generally would be the case if either (i) chubb limited is considered a cfc and the tax-exempt shareholder is a 10 percent u.s. shareholder or (ii) there is rpii, certain exceptions do not apply, and the tax-exempt organization, directly (or indirectly through foreign entities) owns any shares of chubb limited. although we do not believe that any u.s. tax-exempt organization should be allocated such insurance income, we cannot be certain that this will be the case. potential u.s. tax-exempt investors are advised to consult their tax advisors.
u.s. persons who hold shares will be subject to adverse tax consequences if we are considered to be a passive foreign investment company (pfic) for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
if chubb limited is considered a pfic for u.s. federal income tax purposes, a u.s. person who holds chubb limited shares will be subject to adverse u.s. federal income tax consequences in which case their investment could be adversely affected. in addition, if chubb limited were considered a pfic, upon the death of any u.s. individual owning shares, such individual's heirs or estate would not be entitled to a "step-up" in the basis of the shares which might otherwise be available under u.s. federal income tax laws. we believe that we are not, have not been, and currently do not expect to become, a pfic for u.s. federal income tax purposes. we cannot assure, however, that we will not be deemed a pfic by the irs. recently enacted u.s. federal tax law and recent final and proposed regulations issued by the irs and u.s. treasury department contain new rules that may affect the application of the pfic provisions to an insurance company. the final regulations are effective for tax years beginning after january 15, 2021 and applied to us in 2022. shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 and comparisons between 2022 and 2021. this discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes, under item 8 of this form 10-k. comparisons between 2021 and 2020 have been omitted from this form 10-k, but can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
all comparisons in this discussion are to the prior year unless otherwise indicated. all dollar amounts are rounded. however, percent changes and ratios are calculated using whole dollars. accordingly, calculations using rounded dollars may differ.
md&amp;a index                                                                        page forward-looking statements overview critical accounting estimates consolidated operating results                                                          48
segment operating results                                                               53
net realized and unrealized gains (losses)
non-gaap reconciliation net investment income                                                                   67
interest expense amortization of purchased intangibles and other amortization investments asbestos and environmental (a&amp;e)
catastrophe management global property catastrophe reinsurance program                                         75
political risk and credit insurance crop insurance liquidity capital resources                                                                       79
information provided in connection with outstanding debt of subsidiaries credit facilities ratings                                                                                 82
forward-looking statements the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" for forward-looking statements. any written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf may include forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. the words "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "project," "should," "plan," "expect," "intend," "hope," "feel," "foresee," "will likely result," "will continue," and variations thereof and similar expressions, identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could, should potential events occur, cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. these risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which are described in more detail under part i, item 1a, under risk factors, and elsewhere herein and in other documents we file with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec), include but are not limited to:
actual amount of new and renewal business, premium rates, underwriting margins, market acceptance of our products, and risks associated with the introduction of new products and services and entering new markets; the competitive environment in which we operate, including trends in pricing or in policy terms and conditions, which may differ from our projections and changes in market conditions that could render our business strategies ineffective or obsolete;
losses arising out of natural or man-made catastrophes; actual loss experience from insured or reinsured events and the timing of claim payments; the uncertainties of the loss-reserving and claims-settlement processes, including the difficulties associated with assessing environmental damage and asbestos-related latent injuries, the impact of aggregate-policy-coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcy protection sought by various asbestos producers and other related businesses, and the timing of loss payments;
infection rates and severity of covid-19 and related risks, and their effects on our business operations and claims activity, and any adverse impact to our insureds, brokers, agents, and employees; actual claims may exceed our best estimate of ultimate insurance losses incurred which could change including as a result of, among other things, the impact of legislative or regulatory actions taken in response to covid-19;
changes in the distribution or placement of risks due to increased consolidation of insurance and reinsurance brokers; material differences between actual and expected assessments for guaranty funds and mandatory pooling arrangements; the ability to collect reinsurance recoverable, credit developments of reinsurers, and any delays with respect thereto and changes in the cost, quality, or availability of reinsurance;
uncertainties relating to governmental, legislative and regulatory policies, developments, actions, investigations, and treaties; judicial decisions and rulings, new theories of liability, legal tactics, and settlement terms; the effects of data privacy or cyber laws or regulation; global political conditions and possible business disruption or economic contraction that may result from such events;
developments in global financial markets, including changes in interest rates, stock markets, and other financial markets; increased government involvement or intervention in the financial services industry; the cost and availability of financing, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; changing rates of inflation; and other general economic and business conditions, including the depth and duration of potential recession;
the availability of borrowings and letters of credit under our credit facilities; the adequacy of collateral supporting funded high deductible programs; the amount of dividends received from subsidiaries;
changes to our assessment as to whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, or have the intent to sell, available for sale fixed maturity investments before their anticipated recovery;
actions that rating agencies may take from time to time, such as financial strength or credit ratings downgrades or placing these ratings on credit watch negative or the equivalent;
the effects of public company bankruptcies and accounting restatements, as well as disclosures by and investigations of public companies relating to possible accounting irregularities, and other corporate governance issues;
acquisitions made performing differently than expected, our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies or growth from acquisitions, the impact of acquisitions on our pre-existing organization, and risks and uncertainties relating to our planned purchases of additional interests in huatai insurance group co., ltd. (huatai group), including our ability to receive chinese insurance regulatory approval and complete the purchases;
risks associated with being a swiss corporation, including reduced flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management and the potential for additional regulatory burdens; share repurchase plans and share cancellations;
loss of the services of any of our executive officers without suitable replacements being recruited in a reasonable time frame;
the ability of our technology resources, including information systems and security, to perform as anticipated such as with respect to preventing material information technology failures or third-party infiltrations or hacking resulting in consequences adverse to chubb or its customers or partners; the ability of our company to increase use of data analytics and technology as part of our business strategy and adapt to new technologies; and
management's response to these factors and actual events (including, but not limited to, those described above).
you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. we undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
overview we operate through six business segments: north america commercial p&c insurance, north america personal p&c insurance, north america agricultural insurance, overseas general insurance, global reinsurance, and life insurance. for more information on our segments refer to "segment information" under item 1.
we have grown our business through increased premium volume, expansion of product offerings and geographic reach, and acquisitions of other companies. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for our most recent acquisitions.
our product and geographic diversification differentiate us from the vast majority of our competitors and has been a source of stability during periods of industry volatility. our long-term business strategy focuses on sustained growth in book value achieved through a combination of underwriting and investment income. by doing so, we provide value to our clients and shareholders through use of our substantial capital base in the insurance and reinsurance markets.
we are organized along a profit center structure by line of business and territory that does not necessarily correspond to corporate legal entities. profit centers can access various legal entities subject to licensing and other regulatory rules. profit centers are expected to generate underwriting income and appropriate risk-adjusted returns. our corporate structure has facilitated the development of management talent by giving each profit center's senior management team the necessary autonomy within underwriting authorities to make operating decisions and create products and coverages needed by its target customer base. we are focused on delivering underwriting profit by only writing policies which we believe adequately compensate us for the risk we accept.
our insurance and reinsurance operations generate gross revenues from two principal sources: premiums and investment income. cash flow is generated from premiums collected and investment income received less paid losses and loss expenses, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses. invested assets are substantially held in liquid, investment grade fixed income securities of relatively short duration. claims payments in any short-term period are highly unpredictable due to the random nature of loss events and the timing of claims awards or settlements. the value of investments held to pay future claims is subject to market forces such as the level of interest rates, stock market volatility, and credit events such as corporate defaults. the actual cost of claims is also volatile based on loss trends, inflation rates, court awards, and catastrophes. we believe that our cash balance, our highly liquid investments, credit facilities, and reinsurance protection provide sufficient liquidity to meet unforeseen claim demands that might occur in the year ahead. refer to "liquidity" and "capital resources" for additional information.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements include amounts that, either by their nature or due to requirements of generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. (gaap), are determined using best estimates and assumptions. while we believe that the amounts included in our consolidated financial statements reflect our best judgment, actual amounts could ultimately materially differ from those currently presented. we believe the items that require the most subjective and complex estimates are:
unpaid loss and loss expense reserves, including long-tail asbestos and environmental (a&e) reserves and non-a&e casualty exposures;
future policy benefits reserves;
the valuation of value of business acquired (voba) and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs and voba;
the assessment of risk transfer for certain structured insurance and reinsurance contracts;
reinsurance recoverable, including a valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance;
the valuation of our investment portfolio and assessment of valuation allowance for expected credit losses;
the valuation of deferred income taxes; and
the assessment of goodwill for impairment.
effective january 1, 2023, chubb adopted the long-duration targeted improvement (ldti) u.s. gaap accounting guidance which affects the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure requirements for long-duration contracts. therefore, the assumptions and methods used for future policy benefit reserves, voba, and deferred policy acquisition costs will be changed to reflect this new accounting guidance. refer to note 1 t) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we believe our accounting policies for these items are of critical importance to our consolidated financial statements. the following discussion provides more information regarding the estimates and assumptions required to arrive at these amounts and should be read in conjunction with the sections entitled: prior period development, asbestos and environmental (a&e), reinsurance recoverable on ceded reinsurance, investments, and net realized and unrealized gains (losses).
unpaid losses and loss expenses as an insurance and reinsurance company, we are required by applicable laws and regulations and gaap to establish loss and loss expense reserves for the estimated unpaid portion of the ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses under the terms of our policies and agreements with our insured and reinsured customers. at december 31, 2022, our gross unpaid loss and loss expense reserves were $76.3 billion and our net unpaid loss and loss expense reserves were $59.2 billion. with the exception of certain structured settlements, for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable, and certain reserves for unsettled claims, our loss reserves are not discounted for the time value of money. the net undiscounted reserves related to structured settlements and certain reserves for unsettled claims are immaterial.
the following table presents a roll-forward of our unpaid losses and loss expenses:
december 31, 2022                                                                                    december 31, 2021
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                               gross losses                     reinsurance recoverable (1)                      net losses         gross losses                     reinsurance recoverable (1)                      net losses balance, beginning of year                                $72,943                                    $16,184                               $56,759             $67,811                                    $14,647                               $53,164
losses and loss expenses incurred                          30,346                                      7,004                                23,342              28,033                                      6,053                                21,980
losses and loss expenses paid                            (26,129)                                    (5,806)                              (20,323)            (22,242)                                    (4,358)                              (17,884)
other (including foreign exchange translation)              (837)                                      (254)                                 (583)               (659)                                      (158)                                 (501)
balance, end of year                                      $76,323                                    $17,128                               $59,195             $72,943                                    $16,184                               $56,759
(1)net of valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance.
the estimate of the liabilities includes provisions for claims that have been reported but are unpaid at the balance sheet date (case reserves) and for obligations on claims that have been incurred but not reported (ibnr) at the balance sheet date. ibnr may also include provisions to account for the possibility that reported claims may settle for amounts that differ from the established case reserves. loss reserves also include an estimate of expenses associated with processing and settling unpaid claims (loss expenses). our loss reserves comprise approximately 78 percent casualty-related business, which typically encompasses long-tail risks, and other risks where a high degree of judgment is required.
the process of establishing loss reserves for property and casualty claims can be complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments based on circumstances underlying the insured losses known at the date of accrual. for example, the reserves established for high excess casualty claims, asbestos and environmental claims, claims from major catastrophic events, or for our various product lines each require different assumptions and judgments to be made. the impact of covid on both underlying exposures and the legal and claim adjudication processes adds an additional layer of complexity. the effects of recent heightened inflation create additional uncertainty, while climate change could, over time, add new uncertainties to the loss reserving process.
necessary judgments are based on numerous factors and may be revised as additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, as new or improved methods are developed, or as laws change. hence, ultimate loss payments may differ from the estimate of the ultimate liabilities made at the balance sheet date. changes to our previous estimates of prior period loss reserves impact the reported calendar year underwriting results adversely if our estimates increase or favorably if our estimates decrease. the potential for variation in loss reserve estimates is impacted by numerous factors. reserve estimates for casualty lines are particularly uncertain given the lengthy reporting patterns and corresponding need for ibnr.
case reserves for those claims reported by insureds or ceding companies to us prior to the balance sheet date and where we have sufficient information are determined by our claims personnel as appropriate based on the circumstances of the claim(s), standard claim handling practices, and professional judgment. furthermore, for our brandywine run-off operations and our assumed reinsurance operation, global reinsurance, we may adjust the case reserves as notified by the ceding company if the judgment of our respective claims department differs from that of the cedant.
with respect to ibnr reserves and those claims that have been incurred but not reported prior to the balance sheet date, there is, by definition, limited actual information to form the case reserve estimate and reliance is placed upon historical loss experience and actuarial methods to estimate the ultimate loss obligations and the corresponding amount of ibnr. ibnr reserve estimates are generally calculated by first projecting the ultimate amount of losses for a product line and subtracting paid losses and case reserves for reported claims. the judgments involved in projecting the ultimate losses may pertain to the use and interpretation of various standard actuarial reserving methods that place reliance on the extrapolation of actual historical data, loss development patterns, industry data, and other benchmarks as appropriate. the estimate of the required ibnr reserve also requires judgment by actuaries and management to reflect the impact of more contemporary and subjective factors, both qualitative and quantitative. among some of these factors that might be considered are changes in business mix or volume, changes in ceded reinsurance structures, changes in claims handling practices, reported and projected loss trends, inflation, the legal environment, and the terms and conditions of the contracts sold to our insured parties.
determining management's best estimate our recorded reserves represent management's best estimate of the provision for unpaid claims as of the balance sheet date, and establishing them involves a process that includes collaboration with various relevant parties in the company. for information on our reserving process, refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
sensitivity to underlying assumptions while we believe that our reserve for unpaid losses and loss expenses at december 31, 2022, is adequate, new information or emerging trends that differ from our assumptions may lead to future development of losses and loss expenses that is significantly greater or less than the recorded reserve, which could have a material effect on future operating results. as noted previously, our best estimate of required loss reserves for most portfolios is judgmentally selected for each origin year after considering the results from a number of reserving methods and is not a purely mechanical process. therefore, it is difficult to convey, in a simple and quantitative manner, the impact that a change to a single assumption will have on our best estimate. in the examples below, we attempt to give an indication of the potential impact by isolating a single change for a specific reserving method that would be pertinent in establishing the best estimate for the product line described. we consider each of the following sensitivity analyses to represent a reasonably likely deviation in the underlying assumption.
north america commercial p&c insurance - workers' compensation given the long reporting and paid development patterns for workers' compensation business, the development factors used to project actual current losses to ultimate losses for our current exposure require considerable judgment that could be material to consolidated loss and loss expense reserves. specifically, adjusting ground up ultimate losses by a one percentage point change in the tail factor (i.e., 1.04 changed to either 1.05 or 1.03) would cause a change of approximately $1.1 billion, either positive or negative, for the projected net loss and loss expense reserves. this represents an impact of about 10.6 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $10.0 billion.
north america commercial p&c insurance - liability as is the case for workers' compensation above, given the long reporting and paid development patterns, the development factors used to project actual current losses to ultimate losses for our current exposure require considerable judgment that could be material to consolidated loss and loss expense reserves. specifically, for our main u.s. excess/umbrella portfolios, a five percentage point change in the tail factor (e.g., 1.10 changed to either 1.15 or 1.05) would cause a change of approximately $637 million, either positive or negative, for the projected net loss and loss expense reserves. this represents an impact of about 17.8 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $3.6 billion for these portfolios.
the reserve portfolio for our chubb bermuda operations contains exposure to predominantly high excess liability coverage on an occurrence-first-reported basis (typically with attachment points in excess of $325 million and gross limits of up to $150 million) and d&o and other professional liability coverage on a claims-made basis (typically with attachment points in excess of $125 million and gross limits of up to $75 million). due to the layer of exposure covered, the expected frequency for this book is very low. as a result of the low frequency/high severity nature of the book, a small difference in the actual vs. expected claim frequency, either positive or negative, could result in a material change to the projected ultimate loss if such change in claim frequency was related to a policy where close to maximum limits were deployed.
north america personal p&c insurance due to the relatively short-tailed nature of many of the coverages involved (e.g., homeowners property damage), most of the incurred losses in personal lines are resolved within a few years of occurrence. as shown in our loss triangle disclosure, the vast majority (almost 95 percent) of personal lines net ultimate losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses are typically paid within five years of the accident date and 80 percent within two years. even though there are significant reserves associated with some liability exposures such as personal excess/umbrella liability, our incurred loss triangle also shows a roughly consistent pattern of only relatively minor movements in incurred estimates over time by accident year especially after twenty-four months of maturity. while the liability exposures are subject to additional uncertainties from more protracted resolution times, the main drivers of volatility in the personal lines business are relatively short-term in nature and relate to things like natural catastrophes, non-catastrophe weather events, man-made risks, and individual large loss volatility from other fortuitous claim events.
north america agricultural insurance approximately 58 percent of the reserves for this segment are from the crop related lines, which all have short payout patterns, with the majority of the liabilities expected to be resolved in the ensuing twelve months. claim reserves for our multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) product are set on a case-by-case basis and our aggregate exposure is subject to state level risk sharing formulae as well as third-party reinsurance. the majority of the development risk arises out of the accuracy of case reserve estimates and the time needed for final crop conditions to be assessed. we do not view our agriculture reserves as substantially influenced by the general assumptions and risks underlying more typical p&c reserve estimates.
overseas general insurance certain long-tail lines, such as casualty and financial lines, are particularly susceptible to changes in loss trend and claim inflation. heightened perceptions of tort and settlement awards around the world can increase the demand for these products as well as contributing to the uncertainty in the reserving estimates. our reserving methods rely on loss development patterns estimated from historical data and while we attempt to adjust such factors for known changes in the current tort environment, it is possible that such factors may not entirely reflect all recent trends in tort environments. for example, when applying the reported loss development method, the lengthening of our selected loss development patterns by six months would increase reserve estimates on long-tail casualty and financial lines for accident years 2020 and prior by approximately $582 million. this represents an impact of 14.0 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $4.2 billion.
global reinsurance at december 31, 2022, net unpaid losses and loss expenses for the global reinsurance segment aggregated to $1.7 billion, consisting of $764 million of case reserves and $938 million of ibnr. in comparison, at december 31, 2021, net unpaid losses and loss expenses for the global reinsurance segment aggregated to $1.6 billion, consisting of $781 million of case reserves and $783 million of ibnr.
for our catastrophe business, we principally estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses on an event basis by considering various sources of information, including specific loss estimates reported by our cedants, ceding company and overall industry loss estimates reported by our brokers, and our internal data regarding reinsured exposures related to the geographical location of the event. our internal data analysis enables us to establish catastrophe reserves for known events with more certainty at an earlier date than would be the case if we solely relied on reports from third parties to determine carried reserves.
for our casualty reinsurance business, we generally rely on ceding companies to report claims and then use that data as a key input to estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses. due to the reliance on claims information reported by ceding companies, as well as other factors, the estimation of unpaid losses and loss expenses for assumed reinsurance includes certain risks and uncertainties that are unique relative to our direct insurance business. these include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:
the reported claims information could be inaccurate;
typically, a lag exists between the reporting of a loss event to a ceding company and its reporting to us as a reinsurance claim. the use of a broker to transmit financial information from a ceding company to us increases the reporting lag. because most of our reinsurance business is produced by brokers, ceding companies generally first submit claim and other financial information to brokers, who then report the proportionate share of such information to each reinsurer of a particular treaty. the reporting lag generally results in a longer period of time between the date a claim is incurred and the date a claim is reported compared with direct insurance operations. therefore, the risk of delayed recognition of loss reserve development is higher for assumed reinsurance than for direct insurance lines; and
the historical claims data for a particular reinsurance contract can be limited relative to our insurance business in that there may be less historical information available. further, for certain coverages or products, such as excess of loss contracts, there may be relatively few expected claims in a particular year so the actual number of claims may be susceptible to significant variability. in such cases, the actuary often relies on industry data from several recognized sources.
we mitigate the above risks in several ways. in addition to routine analytical reviews of ceding company reports to ensure reported claims information appears reasonable, we perform regular underwriting and claims audits of certain ceding companies to ensure reported claims information is accurate, complete, and timely. as appropriate, audit findings are used to adjust claims in the reserving process. we also use our knowledge of the historical development of losses from individual ceding companies to adjust the level of adequacy we believe exists in the reported ceded losses.
on occasion, there will be differences between our carried loss reserves and unearned premium reserves and the amount of loss reserves and unearned premium reserves reported by the ceding companies. this is due to the fact that we receive consistent and timely information from ceding companies only with respect to case reserves. for ibnr, we use historical experience and other statistical information, depending on the type of business, to estimate the ultimate loss. we estimate our unearned premium reserve by applying estimated earning patterns to net premiums written for each treaty based upon that treaty's coverage basis (i.e., risks attaching or losses occurring). at december 31, 2022, the case reserves, net of retrocessions, reported to us by our ceding companies approximated our recorded case reserves. our policy is to post additional case reserves in addition to the amounts reported by our cedants when our evaluation of the ultimate value of a reported claim is different than the evaluation of that claim by our cedant.
typically, there is inherent uncertainty around the length of paid and reported development patterns, especially for certain casualty lines such as excess workers' compensation or general liability, which may take decades to fully develop. this uncertainty is accentuated by the need to supplement client development patterns with industry development patterns due to the sometimes low statistical credibility of the data. the underlying source and selection of the final development patterns can thus have a significant impact on the selected ultimate net losses and loss expenses. for example, a 20 percent shortening or lengthening of the development patterns used for u.s. long-tail lines would cause the loss reserve estimate derived by the reported bornhuetter-ferguson method for these lines to change by approximately $205 million. this represents an impact of 28 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $745 million.
corporate within corporate, we have exposure to certain liability insurance and reinsurance lines that have been in run-off, generally, since 1994. unpaid losses and loss expenses relating to this run-off business reside within the brandywine division. most of the remaining unpaid loss and loss expense reserves for the run-off business relate to a&e as well as molestation claims.
the a&e liabilities principally relate to claims arising from bodily-injury claims related to asbestos products and remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites. the estimation of our a&e liabilities is particularly sensitive to future changes in the legal, social, and economic environment. we have not assumed any such future changes in setting the value of our a&e liabilities, which include provisions for both reported and ibnr claims.
there are many complex variables that we consider when estimating the reserves for our inventory of asbestos accounts and these variables may directly impact the predicted outcome. we believe the most significant variables relating to our asbestos liabilities include the current legal environment; specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims; assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim severity and the frequency of higher severity claims; assumptions regarding the ability to allocate liability among defendants (including bankruptcy trusts) and other insurers; the ability of a claimant to bring a claim in a state in which they have no residency or exposure; the ability of a policyholder to claim the right to unaggregated coverage; whether high-level excess policies have the potential to be accessed given the policyholder's claim trends and liability situation; payments to unimpaired claimants; and the potential liability of peripheral defendants. based on the policies, the facts, the law, and a careful analysis of the impact that these factors will likely have on any given account, we estimate the potential liability for indemnity, policyholder defense costs, and coverage litigation expense.
the results in asbestos cases announced by other carriers or defendants may well have little or no relevance to us because coverage exposures are highly dependent upon the specific facts of individual coverage and resolution status of disputes among carriers, policyholders, and claimants.
chubb's exposure to molestation claims principally arises out of liabilities acquired when it purchased cigna's p&c business in 1999 and chubb corp in 2016. the vast majority of the current liability relates to exposure from recently enacted "reviver" legislation in certain states that allow civil claims relating to molestation to be asserted against policyholders that would otherwise be barred by statutes of limitations.
for additional information refer to the "asbestos and environmental (a&e)" section and to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
future policy benefits reserves we issue contracts in our overseas general insurance and life insurance segments that are classified as long-duration. these contracts generally include accident and supplemental health products, term and whole life products, endowment products, and annuities. in accordance with gaap, we establish reserves for contracts determined to be long-duration based on approved actuarial methods that include assumptions related to expenses, mortality, morbidity, persistency and investment yields. for traditional long-duration contracts, these assumptions also include a provision for adverse deviation (pad), and are "locked in" at the inception of the contract, meaning we use our original assumptions throughout the life of the policy and do not subsequently modify them unless we deem the reserves to be inadequate; while for non-traditional long-duration contracts, the assumptions do not include a pad and are unlocked at each reporting date. the future policy benefits reserves balance is regularly evaluated for a premium deficiency. if experience is less favorable than assumptions, additional liabilities may be required, resulting in a charge to policyholder benefits and claims. effective january 1, 2023, we adopted ldti that affects the accounting for future policy benefit reserves. as a result, cash flow assumptions underlying the liability for future policy benefits for traditional and limited-payment contracts must be updated at least annually reflecting current best estimate assumptions whereas under prior u.s. gaap guidance such assumptions are locked-in for the life of the policy as noted previously. the discount rate at contract issuance is locked in for purposes of determining interest accretion recognized through earnings over the life of the contract; however, on a quarterly basis, ldti also requires the remeasurement of the liability for future policy benefits using the then-current discount rate with changes recognized in oci. in addition, under ldti a provision for adverse deviation is no longer allowed when establishing reserves, premium deficiency testing is no longer required, and the net premium ratio cannot exceed 100 percent for any given cohort of contracts.
valuation of value of business acquired (voba), and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs and voba as part of the acquisition of businesses that sell long-duration contracts, such as life products, we established an intangible asset related to voba, which represented the fair value of the future profits of the in-force contracts. the valuation of voba at the time of acquisition is derived from similar assumptions to those used to establish the associated future policy benefits reserves. the most significant input in this calculation is the discount rate used to arrive at the present value of the net cash flows. we amortize deferred policy acquisition costs associated with long-duration contracts and voba (collectively policy acquisition costs) over the estimated life of the contracts, generally in proportion to premium revenue recognized based upon the same assumptions used in estimating the liability for future policy benefits. for non-traditional long-duration contracts, we amortize policy acquisition costs over the expected life of the contracts in proportion to estimates of expected gross profits. the estimated life is established at the inception of the contracts or upon acquisition and is based on current persistency assumptions. policy acquisition costs, which consist of commissions, premium taxes, and certain underwriting costs related directly to the successful acquisition of a new or renewal insurance contract, are reviewed to determine if they are recoverable from future income, including investment income. unrecoverable costs are expensed in the period identified. effective january 1, 2023, we adopted ldti that affects the accounting for deferred policy acquisition costs and voba. as a result, we will amortize deferred policy acquisition costs on a straight-line basis over the estimated life of the contract, as compared to in proportion to premium revenue or expected gross profits as noted previously. in addition, we have elected to align our voba amortization with the new requirement under ldti for deferred policy acquisition costs.
risk transfer in the ordinary course of business, we both purchase (or cede) and sell (or assume) reinsurance protection. we discontinued the purchase of all finite risk reinsurance contracts, as a matter of policy, in 2002. for both ceded and assumed reinsurance, risk transfer requirements must be met in order to use reinsurance accounting, principally resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract as premiums and losses. if risk transfer requirements are not met, a contract is to be accounted for as a deposit, typically resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract through a deposit asset or liability and not as revenue or expense. to meet risk transfer requirements, a reinsurance contract must include both insurance risk, consisting of underwriting and timing risk, and a reasonable possibility of a significant loss for the assuming entity. we also apply similar risk transfer requirements to determine whether certain commercial insurance contracts should be accounted for as insurance or a deposit. contracts that include fixed premium (i.e., premium not subject to adjustment based on loss experience under the contract) for fixed coverage generally transfer risk and do not require judgment.
reinsurance and insurance contracts that include both significant risk sharing provisions, such as adjustments to premiums or loss coverage based on loss experience, and relatively low policy limits, as evidenced by a high proportion of maximum premium assessments to loss limits, can require considerable judgment to determine whether or not risk transfer requirements are met. for such contracts, often referred to as finite or structured products, we require that risk transfer be specifically assessed for each contract by developing expected cash flow analyses at contract inception. to support risk transfer, the cash flow analyses must demonstrate that a significant loss is reasonably possible. we use various tests to accomplish this, one of which is the ratio of the net present value of losses and commissions divided by the net present value of premiums equals or exceeds 110 percent with at least a 10 percent probability. for purposes of cash flow analyses, we generally use a risk-free rate of return consistent with the expected average duration of loss payments. in addition, to support insurance risk, we must prove the reinsurer's risk of loss varies with that of the reinsured and/or support various scenarios under which the assuming entity can recognize a significant loss.
to ensure risk transfer requirements are routinely assessed, qualitative and quantitative risk transfer analyses and memoranda supporting risk transfer are developed by underwriters for all structured products. we have established protocols for structured products that include criteria triggering an accounting review of the contract prior to quoting. if any criterion is triggered, a contract must be reviewed by a committee established by each of our segments with reporting oversight, including peer review, from our global structured transaction review committee.
with respect to ceded reinsurance, we entered into a few multi-year excess of loss retrospectively-rated contracts, principally in 2002. these contracts primarily provided severity protection for specific product divisions. because traditional one-year reinsurance coverage had become relatively costly, these contracts were generally entered into in order to secure a more cost-effective reinsurance program. all of these contracts transferred risk and were accounted for as reinsurance. in addition, we maintain a few aggregate excess of loss reinsurance contracts that were principally entered into prior to 2003, such as the national indemnity company (nico) contracts referred to in the section entitled, "asbestos and environmental (a&e)". we have not purchased any other retroactive ceded reinsurance contracts since 1999.
with respect to assumed reinsurance and insurance contracts, products giving rise to judgments regarding risk transfer were primarily sold by our financial solutions business. although we have significantly curtailed writing financial solutions business, several contracts remain in-force and principally include multi-year retrospectively-rated contracts and loss portfolio transfers. because transfer of insurance risk is generally a primary client motivation for purchasing these products, relatively few insurance and reinsurance contracts have historically been written for which we concluded that risk transfer criteria had not been met. for certain insurance contracts that have been reported as deposits, the insured desired to self-insure a risk but was required, legally or otherwise, to purchase insurance so that claimants would be protected by a licensed insurance company in the event of non-payment from the insured.
reinsurance recoverable reinsurance recoverable includes balances due to us from reinsurance companies for paid and unpaid losses and loss expenses and is presented net of a valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance is determined based upon a review of the financial condition of the reinsurers and other factors. ceded reinsurance contracts do not relieve our primary obligation to our policyholders. consequently, an exposure exists with respect to reinsurance recoverable to the extent that any reinsurer is unable or unwilling to meet its obligations or disputes the liabilities assumed under the reinsurance contracts. we determine the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses using actuarial estimates as well as a determination of our ability to cede unpaid losses and loss expenses under existing reinsurance contracts.
the recognition of a reinsurance recoverable asset requires two key judgments. the first judgment involves our estimation based on the amount of gross reserves and the percentage of that amount which may be ceded to reinsurers. ceded ibnr, which is a major component of the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses, is generally developed as part of our loss reserving process and, consequently, its estimation is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as the estimation of gross ibnr (refer to "critical accounting estimates - unpaid losses and loss expenses"). the second judgment involves our estimate of the amount of the reinsurance recoverable balance that we may ultimately be unable to recover from reinsurers due to insolvency, contractual dispute, or for other reasons. estimated uncollectible amounts are reflected in a valuation allowance that reduces the reinsurance recoverable asset and, in turn, shareholders' equity. changes in the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance are reflected in net income.
although the obligation of individual reinsurers to pay their reinsurance obligations is based on specific contract provisions, the collectability of such amounts requires estimation by management. the majority of the recoverable balance will not be due for collection until sometime in the future, and the duration of our recoverables may be longer than the duration of our direct exposures. over this period of time, economic conditions and operational performance of a particular reinsurer may impact their ability to meet these obligations and while they may continue to acknowledge their contractual obligation to do so, they may not have the financial resources or willingness to fully meet their obligation to us.
to estimate the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, the reinsurance recoverable must first be determined for each reinsurer. this determination is based on a process rather than an estimate, although an element of judgment must be applied. as part of the process, ceded ibnr is allocated to reinsurance contracts because ceded ibnr is not generally calculated on a contract by contract basis. the allocations are generally based on premiums ceded under reinsurance contracts, adjusted for actual loss experience and historical relationships between gross and ceded losses. if actual premium and loss experience vary materially from historical experience, the allocation of reinsurance recoverable by reinsurer will be reviewed and may change. while such change is unlikely to result in a large percentage change in the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, it could, nevertheless, have a material effect on our net income in the period recorded.
generally, we use a default analysis to estimate uncollectible reinsurance. the primary components of the default analysis are reinsurance recoverable balances by reinsurer, net of collateral, and forward looking default factors used to estimate the probability that the reinsurer may be unable to meet its future obligations in full. the definition of collateral for this purpose requires some judgment and is generally limited to assets held in a chubb-only beneficiary trust, letters of credit, and liabilities held by us with the same legal entity for which we believe there is a right of offset. we do not currently include multi-beneficiary trusts. however, we have several reinsurers that have established multi-beneficiary trusts for which certain of our companies are beneficiaries. the determination of the default factor is principally based on the financial strength rating of the reinsurer and a corresponding default factor applicable to the financial strength rating. default factors require considerable judgment and are determined using the current financial strength rating, or rating equivalent, of each reinsurer as well as other key considerations and assumptions. significant considerations and assumptions include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:
for reinsurers that maintain a financial strength rating from a major rating agency, and for which recoverable balances are considered representative of the larger population (i.e., default probabilities are consistent with similarly rated reinsurers and payment durations conform to averages), the judgment exercised by management to determine the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance of each reinsurer is typically limited because the financial rating is based on a published source and the default factor we apply is based on a historical default factor of a major rating agency applicable to the particular rating class. default factors applied for financial ratings of aaa, aa, a, bbb, bb, b, and ccc, are 0.8 percent, 1.2 percent, 1.7 percent, 4.9 percent, 19.6 percent, 34.0 percent, and 62.2 percent, respectively. because our model is predicated on the historical default factors of a major rating agency, we do not generally consider alternative factors. however, when a recoverable is expected to be paid in a brief period of time by a highly-rated reinsurer, such as certain property catastrophe claims, a default factor may not be applied;
for balances recoverable from reinsurers that are both unrated by a major rating agency and for which management is unable to determine a credible rating equivalent based on a parent or affiliated company, we may determine a rating equivalent based on our analysis of the reinsurer that considers an assessment of the creditworthiness of the particular entity, industry benchmarks, or other factors as considered appropriate. we then apply the applicable default factor for that rating class. for balances recoverable from unrated reinsurers for which our ceded reserve is below a certain threshold, we generally apply a default factor of 34.0 percent;
for balances recoverable from reinsurers that are either insolvent or under regulatory supervision, we establish a default factor and resulting valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance based on specific facts and circumstances surrounding each company. upon initial notification of an insolvency, we generally recognize expense for a substantial portion of all balances outstanding, net of collateral, through a combination of write-offs of recoverable balances and increases to the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. when regulatory action is taken on a reinsurer, we generally recognize a default factor by estimating an expected recovery on all balances outstanding, net of collateral. when sufficient credible information becomes available, we adjust the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance by establishing a default factor pursuant to information received; and
for captives and other recoverables, management determines the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance based on the specific facts and circumstances.
the following table summarizes reinsurance recoverables and the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance for each type of recoverable balance at december 31, 2022:
gross reinsurance recoverable on losses and loss expenses                              recoverables (net of usable collateral)
valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance (1)
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
type reinsurers with credit ratings                                                                         $15,179                                                                $13,256                                   $174
reinsurers not rated                                                                                       251                                                                    171                                     57
reinsurers under supervision and insolvent reinsurers                                                       70                                                                     67                                     27
captives                                                                                                 2,455                                                                    348                                     13
other, including structured settlements and pools                                                        1,297                                                                  1,276                                     80
total                                                                                                  $19,252                                                                $15,118                                   $351
(1) the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance is based on a default analysis applied to gross reinsurance recoverables, net of approximately $4.1 billion of collateral at december 31, 2022.
at december 31, 2022, the use of different assumptions within our approach could have a material effect on the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. to the extent the creditworthiness of our reinsurers was to deteriorate due to an adverse event affecting the reinsurance industry, such as a large number of major catastrophes, actual uncollectible amounts could be significantly greater than our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. such an event could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and our liquidity. given the various considerations used to estimate our uncollectible valuation allowance, we cannot precisely quantify the effect a specific industry event may have on the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. however, based on the composition (particularly the average credit quality) of the reinsurance recoverable balance at december 31, 2022, we estimate that a ratings downgrade of one notch for all rated reinsurers (e.g., from a to a- or a- to bbb+) could increase our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance by approximately $93 million or approximately 0.5 percent of the gross reinsurance recoverable balance, assuming no other changes relevant to the calculation. while a ratings downgrade would result in an increase in our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance and a charge to earnings in that period, a downgrade in and of itself does not imply that we will be unable to collect all of the ceded reinsurance recoverable from the reinsurers in question. refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, under item 8, for additional information.
fair value measurements accounting guidance defines fair value as the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy based on the reliability of the inputs. the fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to unobservable data (level 3 inputs). level 2 includes inputs, other than quoted prices within level 1, that are observable for assets or liabilities either directly or indirectly. refer to note 4 and note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, under item 8, for information on our fair value measurements.
assessment of investment portfolio credit losses each quarter, we evaluate current expected credit losses (cecl) for fixed maturity securities classified as held to maturity and expected credit losses (ecl) for fixed maturity securities classified as available for sale. because our investment portfolio is the largest component of consolidated assets, cecl and ecl could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. refer to notes 1 e) and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, under item 8, for more information.
deferred income taxes at december 31, 2022, our net deferred tax liability was $292 million. our deferred tax assets and liabilities primarily result from temporary differences between the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities. we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities separately for each tax-paying component (an individual entity or group of entities that is consolidated for tax purposes) in each tax jurisdiction. the realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods under the tax law in the applicable tax jurisdiction. there may be changes in tax laws in a number of countries where we transact business that impact our deferred tax assets and liabilities. at each balance sheet date, management assesses the need to establish a valuation allowance that reduces deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the determination of the need for a valuation allowance is based on all available information including projections of future taxable income, principally derived from business plans and where appropriate available tax planning strategies. projections of future taxable income incorporate assumptions of future business and operations that are apt to differ from actual experience. if our assumptions and estimates that resulted in our forecast of future taxable income prove to be incorrect, an additional valuation allowance could become necessary, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. at december 31, 2022, the valuation allowance of $916 million reflects management's assessment that it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized due to the inability of certain subsidiaries to generate sufficient taxable income.
goodwill impairment assessment goodwill, which represents the excess of acquisition cost over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired, was $16.3 billion and $15.2 billion at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. during 2022, our goodwill balance increased reflecting the acquisition of cigna's asia business. goodwill is assigned to applicable reporting units of acquired entities at the time of acquisition. our reporting units are the same as our reportable segments. for goodwill balances by reporting units, refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, under item 8. goodwill is not amortized but is subject to a periodic evaluation for impairment at least annually, or earlier if there are any indications of possible impairment. impairment is tested at the reporting unit level. the impairment evaluation first uses a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than a 50 percent probability) that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount. if a reporting unit fails this qualitative assessment, a single quantitative analysis is used to measure and record the amount of the impairment. in assessing the fair value of a reporting unit, we make assumptions and estimates about the profitability attributable to our reporting units, including:
short-term and long-term growth rates; and
estimated cost of equity and changes in long-term risk-free interest rates.
if our assumptions and estimates made in assessing the fair value of acquired entities change, we could be required to write-down the carrying value of goodwill which could be material to our results of operations in the period the charge is taken. based on our impairment testing for 2022, we determined no impairment was required and none of our reporting units were at risk for impairment.
consolidated operating results - years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)                        2022                                            2021                                            2020                                   2022 vs. 2021                                   2021 vs. 2020
net premiums written                                              $41,755                                         $37,868                                         $33,820                                            10.3       %                                    12.0       %
net premiums written - constant dollars (1)                                                                                                                                                                          13.0       %                                    10.5       %
net premiums earned                                                40,389                                          36,355                                          33,117                                            11.1       %                                     9.8       %
net investment income                                               3,742                                           3,456                                           3,375                                             8.3       %                                     2.4       %
net realized gains (losses)                                         (965)                                           1,152                                           (498)                                                      nm                                              nm total revenues                                                     43,166                                          40,963                                          35,994                                             5.4       %                                    13.8       %
losses and loss expenses                                           23,342                                          21,980                                          21,710                                             6.2       %                                     1.2       %
policy benefits                                                     1,492                                             699                                             784                                           113.5       %                                  (10.9)       %
policy acquisition costs                                            7,392                                           6,918                                           6,547                                             6.8       %                                     5.7       %
administrative expenses                                             3,395                                           3,136                                           2,979                                             8.3       %                                     5.3       %
interest expense                                                      570                                             492                                             516                                            15.9       %                                   (4.7)       %
other (income) expense                                                 74                                         (2,365)                                           (994)                                                      nm                                   137.9       %
amortization of purchased intangibles                                 285                                             287                                             290                                           (0.7)       %                                   (0.9)       %
cigna integration expenses                                             48                                               -                                               -                                                      nm                                       -
total expenses                                                     36,598                                          31,147                                          31,832                                            17.5       %                                   (2.2)       %
income before income tax                                            6,568                                           9,816                                           4,162                                          (33.1)       %                                   135.9       %
income tax expense                                                  1,255                                           1,277                                             629                                           (1.7)       %                                   102.9       %
net income                                                         $5,313                                          $8,539                                          $3,533                                          (37.8)       %                                   141.7       %
nm - not meaningful
(1)on a constant-dollar basis. amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency exchange rates as the comparable current period.
financial highlights for the year ended december 31, 2022
net income was $5.3 billion compared with $8.5 billion in 2021. net income in 2022 was driven by strong underwriting results, including growth in net premiums earned, improvement in our combined ratios, and record net investment income. net income is lower compared to prior year, reflecting after-tax mark-to-market losses on private and public equities of $791 million, compared to gains of $2.4 billion in the prior year.
consolidated net premiums written were $41.8 billion, up 10.3 percent, or 13.0 percent in constant dollars, primarily from strong premium retention, including both rate and exposure increases, and strong new business in our p&c business. additionally, the acquisition of cigna's business in asia added 3.8 percentage points, or 3.9 percentage points in constant dollars, to the growth in net premiums written.
consolidated net premiums earned were $40.4 billion, up 11.1 percent, or 13.9 percent in constant dollars. the acquisition of cigna's business in asia added 3.9 percentage points, or 4.0 percentage points in constant dollars, to the growth in net premiums earned.
total pre-tax and after-tax catastrophe losses were $2.2 billion (5.9 percentage points of the p&c combined ratio) and $1.8 billion, respectively, compared with $2.4 billion (7.1 percentage points of the p&c combined ratio) and $2.0 billion, respectively, in 2021. pre-tax catastrophe losses in 2022 were primarily from hurricane ian losses of $975 million, winter storm elliott losses of $400 million, and other global weather-related events.
total pre-tax and after-tax favorable prior period development were $876 million (2.5 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $729 million, respectively, including pre-tax adverse development of $155 million for molestation claims, predominantly reviver statute-related, and $113 million related to legacy asbestos and environmental exposures. excluding the adverse development, we had pre-tax favorable development of $1,144 million, with 18 percent in long-tail lines, and 82 percent in short-tail lines. this compares with favorable prior period development of $926 million (2.8 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $756 million, respectively, in 2021. refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, under item 8, for further information on prior period development.
the p&c combined ratio was 87.6 percent compared with 89.1 percent in 2021. p&c current accident year (cay) combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses was 84.2 percent compared with 84.8 percent in the prior year. the current year ratios decreased due to the favorable impact of higher net premiums earned on the expense ratios and underlying loss ratio improvement, partially offset by late-season losses in crop insurance.
net investment income was a record $3.7 billion compared with $3.5 billion in 2021, primarily due to higher reinvestment rates on fixed maturities, partially offset by lower income from equity securities and private equities.
operating cash flow was a record $11.2 billion compared with $11.1 billion in 2021.
shareholders' equity decreased by $9.2 billion in 2022, as net income of $5.3 billion was more than offset by unrealized losses on investments of $9.5 billion after-tax from rising interest rates and a loss of $927 million related to cumulative foreign exchange translation. in addition, shareholders' equity reflected total capital returned to shareholders in the year of $4.4 billion, including share repurchases of $3.0 billion, at an average purchase price of $201.96 per share, and dividends of $1.4 billion.
on january 4, 2023, we completed transactions that increased our ownership interest in huatai group from 47.3 percent to 64.2 percent. we received regulatory approval for an additional 19 percent and expect to close on these shares upon completion of certain closing conditions, at which time we expect to consolidate the operations of huatai group as a subsidiary of chubb under the u.s. gaap consolidation standard.
outlook
2022 was an outstanding year in terms of underlying business and investment performance. we had record net investment income and an excellent combined ratio despite late-season losses in crop insurance. consolidated net premiums written increased to $41.8 billion, reflecting strong growth across our p&c segments and a growing life insurance segment with the addition of the cigna asian business on july 1, 2022. looking ahead, we are starting off strong in the first quarter 2023 thus far, with growth in our asian consumer business, including p&c, life insurance and a&h. our global consumer lines growth is gaining momentum highlighted by a combination of strong consumer lending, increased foot traffic across retail and banking operations, and the resurgence of leisure and business travel. we had good growth in net investment income and will continue to grow as we reinvest cash flow at higher rates. in summary, the strong trajectory of growth from investment income and our asia life insurance companies, provides an optimistic outlook for the future.
net premiums written                                                                                                                                                                                         % change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)            2022                 2021                 2020                 2022 vs. 2021                 2021 vs. 2020                 c$ 2022 vs. 2021
commercial casualty                                            $7,715               $6,994               $6,177                   10.3      %                   13.2      %                     12.4       %
workers' compensation                                           2,164                2,130                2,015                    1.6      %                    5.7      %                      1.6       %
financial lines                                                 5,070                5,067                4,201                      -                          20.6      %                      2.4       %
surety                                                            622                  572                  531                    8.6      %                    7.9      %                     10.1       %
commercial multiple peril (1)                                   1,311                1,193                1,047                   10.0      %                   13.9      %                     10.0       %
property and other short-tail lines                             7,195                6,425                5,231                   12.0      %                   22.8      %                     15.7       %
total commercial p&amp;c                                       24,077               22,381               19,202                    7.6      %                   16.6      %                      9.9       %
agriculture                                                     2,907                2,388                1,846                   21.7      %                   29.3      %                     21.7       %
personal automobile                                             1,631                1,525                1,550                    6.9      %                  (1.6)      %                      8.8       %
personal homeowners                                             3,901                3,719                3,627                    4.9      %                    2.5      %                      5.9       %
personal other                                                  1,817                1,825                1,656                  (0.4)      %                   10.2      %                      6.1       %
total personal lines                                            7,349                7,069                6,833                    4.0      %                    3.4      %                      6.6       %
total property and casualty lines                              34,333               31,838               27,881                    7.8      %                   14.2      %                     10.0       %
global a&amp;h lines (2)                                        4,894                3,763                3,859                   30.1      %                  (2.5)      %                     37.3       %
reinsurance lines                                                 943                  873                  731                    8.0      %                   19.5      %                      9.5       %
life                                                            1,585                1,394                1,349                   13.7      %                    3.4      %                     19.9       %
total consolidated                                            $41,755              $37,868              $33,820                   10.3      %                   12.0      %                     13.0       %
(1)commercial multiple peril represents retail package business (property and general liability).
(2)for purposes of this schedule only, a&h results from our combined north america and international businesses, normally included in the life insurance and overseas general insurance segments, respectively, as well as the a&h results of our north america commercial p&c segment, are included in global a&h lines above.
the growth in consolidated net premiums written in 2022 principally reflects growth across most lines of business, driven by higher renewal retention, positive rate increases, increased exposure, and strong new business. the acquisition of cigna's business in asia contributed $1,434 million in 2022.
commercial casualty grew primarily in north america, europe, and asia, driven by strong new business and retention, including exposure and rate increases.
workers' compensation growth was due to exposure increases in north america.
financial lines grew on a constant dollar basis primarily from renewal retention, including exposure and positive rate increases in north america, asia, and latin america.
surety increased due to strong new business and renewal retention in north america.
commercial multiple peril increased due to strong new business and renewal retention, including exposure and positive rate increases in north america.
property and other short-tail lines grew globally due to strong new business and renewal retention, including positive rate increases and increased exposure.
agriculture increased due to underlying growth in crop insurance, reflecting higher commodity prices, higher reported acreage from policyholders, and policy count growth, partially offset by a return of premium to the u.s. government in the first quarter of 2022 of $161 million.
personal lines grew in most regions reflecting new business, strong renewal retention, and both rate and exposure increases, primarily in high net worth homeowners and automobile in north america, high net worth and specialty lines in asia, and specialty lines and automobile in latin america. partially offsetting growth in north america were additional cancellations in parts of california exposed to wildfires.
global a&h lines increased due to the acquisition of cigna's business in asia in the third quarter of 2022, which contributed $1,148 million to the full year growth. additionally, growth in asia, latin america, europe, and japan on a constant dollar basis, was driven by higher new business and increased consumer activity, including higher travel volume. our north american combined insurance supplemental a&h business decreased primarily due to the non-renewal of a large program.
reinsurance lines increased primarily due to continued growth in the portfolio mainly from new business, favorable premium adjustments and higher catastrophe reinstatement premiums.
50
international life operations increased due to the acquisition of cigna's business in asia in the third quarter of 2022, which contributed $286 million to the full year growth. growth from new business in asia, primarily in thailand and indonesia, was more than offset by lower business in taiwan and latin america, principally reflecting the non-renewal of certain large account business in chile.
for additional information on net premiums written, refer to the segment results discussions.
net premiums earned net premiums earned for short-duration contracts, typically p&c contracts, generally reflect the portion of net premiums written that was recorded as revenues for the period as the exposure periods expire. net premiums earned for long-duration contracts, typically traditional life contracts, generally are recognized as earned when due from policyholders. net premiums earned increased $4.0 billion, or $4.9 billion on a constant-dollar basis in 2022.
catastrophe losses and prior period development catastrophe losses include reinstatement premiums which are additional premiums paid on certain reinsurance agreements in order to reinstate coverage that had been exhausted by loss occurrences. the reinstatement premium amount is typically a pro rata portion of the original ceded premium paid based on how much of the reinsurance limit had been exhausted. prior period development is net of expense adjustments which typically relate to either profit commission reserves or policyholder dividend reserves based on actual claim experience that develops after the policy period ends. refer to the non-gaap reconciliation section for further information on reinstatement premiums on catastrophe losses and adjustments to prior period development.
we generally define catastrophe loss events consistent with the definition of the property claims service (pcs) for events in the u.s. and canada. pcs defines a catastrophe as an event that causes damage of $25 million or more in insured losses and affects a significant number of insureds. for events outside of the u.s. and canada, we generally use a similar definition. we also define losses from certain pandemics, such as covid-19, as a catastrophe loss. prior period development (ppd) arises from changes to loss estimates recognized in the current year that relate to loss events that occurred in previous calendar years and excludes the effect of losses from the development of earned premium from previous accident years.
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                      2022   2021                    2020
catastrophe losses                           $2,182                   $2,401                  $3,283
favorable prior period development             $876                     $926                    $395
catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
2022: hurricane ian losses of $975 million, winter storm elliott losses of $400 million, severe weather-related events in the u.s. and internationally, australia storms, and colorado wildfires.
 2021: hurricane ida losses of $834 million, winter storm losses in the u.s., flooding in europe, and other severe weather-related events in the u.s. and internationally.
 2020: covid-19 pandemic claims of $1,396 million, severe weather-related events in the u.s. and internationally, and civil unrest-related losses in the u.s.
pre-tax net favorable prior period development for 2022 was $876 million, including adverse development of $155 million for molestation claims, primarily reviver statute-related, and $113 million related to legacy asbestos and environmental exposures. the remaining favorable development of $1,144 million is primarily comprised of 18 percent in long-tail lines, principally from accident years 2011 through 2017, and 82 percent in short-tail lines, mainly in property and a&h lines.
pre-tax net favorable prior period development for 2021 was $926 million, including adverse development of $443 million for molestation claims, of which $375 million was related to the pending boy scouts of america settlement in the fourth quarter, and $83 million related to legacy a&e exposures. the remaining favorable development of $1,452 million, including favorable development of $430 million for covid-related claims, is primarily comprised of 39 percent in long-tail lines, principally from accident years 2020 and 2017 and prior, and 61 percent in short-tail lines, mainly in homeowners, accident and health, property, and surety lines.
pre-tax net favorable prior period development for 2020 was $395 million, which included adverse development of $259 million for u.s. child molestation claims, predominately reviver statute-related, and $106 million adverse development related to legacy asbestos and environmental liabilities. the remaining favorable development of $760 million principally comprises 89 percent long-tail lines, principally from accident years 2016 and prior, and 11 percent short-tail lines.
refer to the prior period development section in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
p&c combined ratio in evaluating our segments excluding life insurance financial performance, we use the p&c combined ratio, the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. we calculate these ratios by dividing the respective expense amounts by net premiums earned. we do not calculate these ratios for the life insurance segment as we do not use these measures to monitor or manage that segment. the p&c combined ratio is determined by adding the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. a p&c combined ratio under 100 percent indicates underwriting income, and a combined ratio exceeding 100 percent indicates underwriting loss.
2022                                                                             2021                   2020
loss and loss expense ratio cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses           58.8   %               58.3   %               59.2   %
catastrophe losses                                     6.0   %                7.1   %               10.6   %
favorable prior period development                   (2.8)   %              (2.8)   %              (1.3)   %
loss and loss expense ratio                           62.0   %               62.6   %               68.5   %
policy acquisition cost ratio                         17.8   %               18.3   %               18.9   %
administrative expense ratio                           7.8   %                8.2   %                8.7   %
p&amp;c combined ratio                                87.6   %               89.1   %               96.1   %
the loss and loss expense ratio decreased in 2022, primarily due to lower catastrophe losses. the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses increased in 2022, primarily due to a lower 2022 crop year margin, partially offset by earned rate exceeding loss cost trends.
the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased in 2022 primarily due to a higher percent of net premiums earned from lines that have a lower acquisition cost ratio.
the administrative expense ratio decreased in 2022 primarily due to higher net premiums earned, which outpaced higher employee-related expenses, and increased investment to support growth.
policy benefits policy benefits represent losses on contracts classified as long-duration and generally include accident and supplemental health products, term and whole life products, endowment products, and annuities. refer to the life insurance segment operating results section for further discussion.
policy benefits were $1,492 million, $699 million and $784 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which included (gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account liabilities that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap of $(42) million, $(8) million and $58 million, respectively. the offsetting movements of these liabilities are recorded in other (income) expense on the consolidated statements of operations. excluding the separate account gains and losses, policy benefits were $1,534 million, $707 million, and $726 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. the increase in policy benefits for 2022 is primarily due to the acquisition of cigna's business in asia.
refer to the respective sections that follow for a discussion of net investment income, other (income) expense, net realized gains (losses), interest expense, amortization of purchased intangibles, and income tax expense.
segment operating results - years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
we operate through six business segments: north america commercial p&c insurance, north america personal p&c insurance, north america agricultural insurance, overseas general insurance, global reinsurance, and life insurance. in addition, the results of our run-off brandywine business, including all run-off asbestos and environmental (a&e) exposures, and the results of westchester specialty operations for 1996 and prior years are presented within corporate.
north america commercial p&c insurance the north america commercial p&c insurance segment comprises operations that provide p&c insurance and services to large, middle market, and small commercial businesses in the u.s., canada, and bermuda. this segment includes our north america major accounts and specialty insurance division (large corporate accounts and wholesale business), and the north america commercial insurance division (principally middle market and small commercial accounts).
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)            2022                     2021                     2020                              2022 vs. 2021                          2021 vs. 2020
net premiums written                                          $17,889                  $16,415                  $14,474                                   9.0    %                              13.4    %
net premiums earned                                            17,107                   15,461                   13,964                                  10.6    %                              10.7    %
losses and loss expenses                                       10,828                   10,015                   10,129                                   8.1    %                             (1.1)    %
policy acquisition costs                                        2,313                    2,082                    1,942                                  11.1    %                               7.1    %
administrative expenses                                         1,113                    1,052                    1,006                                   5.7    %                               4.6    %
underwriting income                                             2,853                    2,312                      887                                  23.4    %                             160.8    %
net investment income                                           2,247                    2,078                    2,061                                   8.1    %                               0.8    %
other (income) expense                                             17                       31                       23                                (45.9)    %                              39.2    %
segment income                                                 $5,083                   $4,359                   $2,925                                  16.6    %                              49.0    %
loss and loss expense ratio:
cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses                      61.3   %                 62.7   %                 64.2   %              (1.4)                 pts              (1.5)                 pts catastrophe losses                                                5.6   %                  7.2   %                 13.4   %              (1.6)                 pts              (6.2)                 pts prior period development                                        (3.6)   %                (5.1)   %                (5.1)   %                1.5                 pts                  -                 pts loss and loss expense ratio                                      63.3   %                 64.8   %                 72.5   %              (1.5)                 pts              (7.7)                 pts policy acquisition cost ratio                                    13.5   %                 13.4   %                 14.0   %                0.1                 pts              (0.6)                 pts administrative expense ratio                                      6.5   %                  6.8   %                  7.2   %              (0.3)                 pts              (0.4)                 pts combined ratio                                                   83.3   %                 85.0   %                 93.7   %              (1.7)                 pts              (8.7)                 pts catastrophe losses and prior period development
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                    2022   2021                    2020
catastrophe losses                           $961                   $1,112                  $1,871
favorable prior period development           $562                     $762                    $702
2022: hurricane ian losses, winter storm elliott losses, and other severe weather-related events in the u.s.
2021: hurricane ida losses; winter storm losses and flooding; hail, tornados, and wind events in the u.s.
2020: covid-19 pandemic claims; u.s. hurricanes and tropical storms; and u.s. flooding, hail, tornados, and wind events.
refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for detail on prior period development.
53
premiums net premiums written increased $1,474 million, or 9.0 percent, in 2022, reflecting strong premium retention, including both rate and exposure increases, and strong new business. the increase in premiums was across most lines of business, including large risk casualty, commercial multiple peril, primary and excess casualty, and property.
net premiums earned increased $1,646 million, or 10.6 percent, in 2022, reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above.
combined ratio the loss and loss expense ratio and the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2022 primarily reflecting earned rate exceeding loss cost trends. the loss and loss expense ratio in 2022 also benefited from lower catastrophe losses compared to the prior year, partially offset by lower favorable prior period development.
the administrative expense ratio decreased in 2022 primarily due to higher net premiums earned, which outpaced higher employee-related expenses.
north america personal p&c insurance the north america personal p&c insurance segment comprises operations that provide high net worth personal lines products, including homeowners and complementary products such as valuable articles, excess liability, automobile, and recreational marine insurance and services in the u.s. and canada.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)            2022                     2021                     2020                              2022 vs. 2021                          2021 vs. 2020
net premiums written                                           $5,313                   $5,002                   $4,920                                   6.2    %                               1.7    %
net premiums earned                                             5,180                    4,915                    4,866                                   5.4    %                               1.0    %
losses and loss expenses                                        3,186                    2,924                    3,187                                   8.9    %                             (8.3)    %
policy acquisition costs                                        1,057                    1,001                      974                                   5.6    %                               2.9    %
administrative expenses                                           291                      276                      270                                   5.7    %                               2.0    %
underwriting income                                               646                      714                      435                                 (9.5)    %                              64.0    %
net investment income                                             283                      249                      260                                  13.3    %                             (4.1)    %
other (income) expense                                              4                      (2)                        5                                         nm                                     nm amortization of purchased intangibles                              10                       10                       11                                     -                                  (5.1)    %
segment income                                                   $915                     $955                     $679                                 (4.2)    %                              40.6    %
loss and loss expense ratio:
cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses                      52.9   %                 52.0   %                 53.1   %                0.9                 pts              (1.1)                 pts catastrophe losses                                               12.2   %                 13.6   %                 11.0   %              (1.4)                 pts                2.6                 pts prior period development                                        (3.6)   %                (6.1)   %                  1.4   %                2.5                 pts              (7.5)                 pts loss and loss expense ratio                                      61.5   %                 59.5   %                 65.5   %                2.0                 pts              (6.0)                 pts policy acquisition cost ratio                                    20.4   %                 20.4   %                 20.0   %                  -                 pts                0.4                 pts administrative expense ratio                                      5.6   %                  5.6   %                  5.6   %                  -                 pts                  -                 pts combined ratio                                                   87.5   %                 85.5   %                 91.1   %                2.0                 pts              (5.6)                 pts nm - not meaningful catastrophe losses and prior period development
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                   2022   2021                  2020
catastrophe losses                                          $631                   $679                  $534
favorable (unfavorable) prior period development            $186                   $305                 $(63)
54
2022: hurricane ian losses, winter storm elliott losses, and other severe weather-related events in the u.s., including colorado wildfires
2021: hurricane ida losses, winter storm losses, and flooding; hail, tornados, and wind events in the u.s.
2020: u.s. hurricanes and tropical storms; u.s. flooding, hail, tornados, and wind events; and u.s. wildfires.
refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for detail on prior period development.
premiums net premiums written increased $311 million, or 6.2 percent, for 2022, primarily driven by strong new business and renewal retention, from both rate and exposure increases, primarily in homeowners and automobile; partially offset by additional cancellations in parts of california exposed to wildfires.
net premiums earned increased $265 million, or 5.4 percent, for 2022, reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above.
combined ratio the loss and loss expense ratio and the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses increased in 2022, as losses are returning to pre-pandemic levels, particularly in automobile lines. the loss and loss expense ratio also increased due to lower favorable prior period development, partially offset by lower catastrophe losses.
north america agricultural insurance the north america agricultural insurance segment comprises our north american based businesses that provide a variety of coverages in the u.s. and canada including crop insurance, primarily multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) and crop-hail through rain and hail insurance service, inc. (rain and hail) as well as farm and ranch and specialty p&c commercial insurance products and services through our chubb agribusiness unit.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)            2022                     2021                     2020                              2022 vs. 2021                          2021 vs. 2020
net premiums written                                           $2,907                   $2,388                   $1,846                                  21.7    %                              29.3   %
net premiums earned                                             2,838                    2,338                    1,822                                  21.4    %                              28.3   %
losses and loss expenses                                        2,557                    1,962                    1,544                                  30.4    %                              27.1   %
policy acquisition costs                                          126                      124                      123                                   1.4    %                               1.2   %
administrative expenses                                          (10)                      (3)                        9                                         nm                                     nm underwriting income                                               165                      255                      146                                (35.4)    %                              74.1   %
net investment income                                              36                       28                       30                                  26.6    %                             (4.1)
other (income) expense                                              1                        1                        1                                     -                                      -
amortization of purchased intangibles                              26                       26                       27                                     -                                  (0.8)   %
segment income                                                   $174                     $256                     $148                                (32.3)    %                              73.0   %
loss and loss expense ratio:
cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses                      90.5   %                 81.5   %                 83.7   %                9.0                 pts              (2.2)        pts catastrophe losses                                                2.2   %                  1.7   %                  2.0   %                0.5                 pts              (0.3)        pts prior period development                                        (2.6)   %                  0.7   %                (1.0)   %              (3.3)                 pts                1.7        pts loss and loss expense ratio                                      90.1   %                 83.9   %                 84.7   %                6.2                 pts              (0.8)        pts policy acquisition cost ratio                                     4.4   %                  5.3   %                  6.8   %              (0.9)                 pts              (1.5)        pts administrative expense ratio                                    (0.3)   %                (0.1)   %                  0.5   %              (0.2)                 pts              (0.6)        pts combined ratio                                                   94.2   %                 89.1   %                 92.0   %                5.1                 pts              (2.9)        pts nm - not meaningful
55
catastrophe losses and prior period development
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                 2022   2021                  2020
catastrophe losses                                         $64                    $40                 $36
favorable (unfavorable) prior period development           $61                  $(10)                 $10
2022: hurricane ian losses, severe weather-related events in the chubb agribusiness, and winter storm losses in the u.s.
2021 and 2020: u.s. flooding, hail, tornados, and wind events.
refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for detail on prior period development.
premiums net premiums written increased $519 million, or 21.7 percent, in 2022, primarily due to an increase in mpci, reflecting higher commodity prices, higher reported acreage from policyholders, and policy count growth, partly offset by a return of premium to the u.s. government in the first quarter of 2022 of $161 million. under the profit-sharing agreement, we returned additional premiums to the government because of the lower losses experienced in certain states in 2021. this return of premium reduced net premiums written growth in 2022 by 6.7 percentage points.
net premiums earned increased $500 million, or 21.4 percent, in 2022 reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above.
underwriting income underwriting income decreased $90 million in 2022, reflecting a lower 2022 crop year margin from drought conditions experienced in specific areas, which caused lower yields across spring crops and, to a lesser extent, higher harvest prices.
combined ratio the combined ratio for 2022 was impacted by the return of premium to the u.s. government under the profit-sharing agreement related to the profitable 2021 crop year described above. this prior period development resulted in a reduction to net premiums earned of $161 million and a corresponding reduction to incurred losses, with no net impact to underwriting income.
the loss and loss expense ratio and the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses increased in 2022, reflecting the lower 2022 crop year margin noted above.
the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased in 2022 primarily due to the favorable impact of higher net premiums earned from mpci.
56
overseas general insurance overseas general insurance segment comprises chubb international and chubb global markets (cgm). chubb international comprises our international commercial p&c traditional and specialty lines serving large corporations, middle market and small customers; a&h and traditional and specialty personal lines business serving local territories outside the u.s., bermuda, and canada. cgm, our london-based international commercial p&c excess and surplus lines business, includes lloyd's of london (lloyd's) syndicate 2488. chubb provides funds at lloyd's to support underwriting by syndicate 2488 which is managed by chubb underwriting agencies limited.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)            2022                     2021                     2020                              2022 vs. 2021                          2021 vs. 2020
net premiums written                                          $11,060                  $10,713                   $9,335                                   3.2    %                              14.8    %
net premiums written - constant dollars                                                                                                                  11.4    %                              10.6    %
net premiums earned                                            10,803                   10,441                    9,285                                   3.5    %                              12.5    %
losses and loss expenses                                        5,252                    5,143                    5,255                                   2.1    %                             (2.1)    %
policy acquisition costs                                        2,818                    2,799                    2,568                                   0.7    %                               9.0    %
administrative expenses                                         1,070                    1,078                    1,034                                 (0.8)    %                               4.3    %
underwriting income                                             1,663                    1,421                      428                                  17.1    %                             232.2    %
net investment income                                             626                      597                      534                                   4.9    %                              11.9    %
other (income) expense                                              2                        -                       13                                         nm                                     nm amortization of purchased intangibles                              57                       48                       45                                  19.4    %                               8.2    %
segment income                                                 $2,230                   $1,970                     $904                                  13.2    %                             118.1    %
loss and loss expense ratio:
cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses                      49.4   %                 50.1   %                 50.7   %              (0.7)                 pts              (0.6)                 pts catastrophe losses                                                3.3   %                  3.5   %                  7.5   %              (0.2)                 pts              (4.0)                 pts prior period development                                        (4.1)   %                (4.3)   %                (1.6)   %                0.2                 pts              (2.7)                 pts loss and loss expense ratio                                      48.6   %                 49.3   %                 56.6   %              (0.7)                 pts              (7.3)                 pts policy acquisition cost ratio                                    26.1   %                 26.8   %                 27.7   %              (0.7)                 pts              (0.9)                 pts administrative expense ratio                                      9.9   %                 10.3   %                 11.1   %              (0.4)                 pts              (0.8)                 pts combined ratio                                                   84.6   %                 86.4   %                 95.4   %              (1.8)                 pts              (9.0)                 pts nm - not meaningful catastrophe losses and prior period development
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                    2022   2021                  2020
catastrophe losses                           $365                   $358                  $705
favorable prior period development           $448                   $441                  $150
catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
2022: hurricane ian losses, international weather-related events, and storms in australia.
2021: hurricane ida losses, winter-related storms, international weather-related events, and flooding in europe.
2020: covid-19 pandemic claims; u.s. hurricanes and tropical storms; and international weather-related events.
refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for detail on prior period development.
57
net premiums written by region                                                                                                                                                                                                                 % change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)            2022                       2021                       2020                             c$                 2022 vs. 2021                 c$ 2022 vs. 2021                 2021 vs. 2020
2021
region europe, middle east, and africa                                $5,222                     $5,242                     $4,247                     $4,818                      (0.4)      %                      8.4       %                   23.4      %
latin america                                                   2,312                      2,044                      1,928                      1,979                       13.1      %                     16.8       %                    6.1      %
asia pacific                                                    2,833                      2,661                      2,368                      2,454                        6.4      %                     15.4       %                   12.4      %
japan                                                             459                        520                        515                        440                     (11.7)      %                      4.2       %                    0.9      %
other (1)                                                         234                        246                        277                        235                      (4.5)      %                    (0.1)       %                 (11.4)      %
net premiums written                                          $11,060                    $10,713                     $9,335                     $9,926                        3.2      %                     11.4       %                   14.8      %
region                                                                 2022                       2021                       2020
% of total                 % of total                 % of total europe, middle east, and africa                                    47     %                   49     %                   45     %
latin america                                                      21     %                   19     %                   21     %
asia pacific                                                       26     %                   25     %                   25     %
japan                                                               4     %                    5     %                    6     %
other (1)                                                           2     %                    2     %                    3     %
net premiums written                                              100     %                  100     %                  100     %
(1) includes the international supplemental a&h business of combined insurance and other international operations including mainland china.
premiums net premiums written increased $347 million in 2022, or $1,134 million on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting growth in commercial lines of 4.3 percent, or 11.8 percent on a constant-dollar basis, and growth in consumer lines of 1.5 percent, or 10.8 percent on a constant-dollar basis.
our european division increased in 2022, on a constant-dollar basis, supported by both our wholesale and retail divisions. this growth was primarily driven by higher new business, and positive rate increases in commercial lines, including commercial property and casualty lines. consumer lines increased primarily due to increased travel volume in a&h and high net worth in personal. additionally, a&h in the prior year was adversely impacted by restrictions resulting from the covid-19 pandemic.
latin america increased in 2022, driven by growth in consumer lines, including automobile in personal and travel in a&h. commercial lines also grew due to exposure increases, positive rate increases, and new business, primarily property.
asia pacific increased in 2022, driven by higher new business, higher retention and positive rate increases in commercial lines, including property and casualty, and financial lines, and growth in consumer lines, primarily high net worth and specialty in personal, and travel in a&h. the acquisition of cigna's business in asia contributed $74 million (3.0 percentage points in constant dollars) in 2022.
japan increased in 2022, on a constant-dollar basis, primarily from higher new business in a&h.
net premiums earned increased $362 million in 2022, or $1,141 million on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting the increase in commercial and consumer net premiums written described above.
combined ratio the loss and loss expense ratio and cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2022, reflecting underlying loss ratio improvement, including earned rate exceeding loss cost trends.
the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased in 2022, primarily due to a change in the mix of business, including less premiums earned from personal lines that have a higher acquisition cost ratio and higher premiums earned from commercial lines that have a lower acquisition cost ratio than consumer lines.
the administrative expense ratio decreased in 2022, reflecting continued expense management control and the favorable impact of higher net premiums earned.
58
global reinsurance the global reinsurance segment represents our reinsurance operations comprising chubb tempest re bermuda, chubb tempest re usa, chubb tempest re international, and chubb tempest re canada. global reinsurance markets its reinsurance products worldwide primarily through reinsurance brokers under the chubb tempest re brand name and provides a broad range of traditional and non-traditional reinsurance coverage to a diverse array of primary p&c companies.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)          2022                      2021                   2020                              2022 vs. 2021                          2021 vs. 2020
net premiums written                                           $943                      $873                   $731                                   8.0    %                              19.5   %
net premiums written - constant dollars                                                                                                                9.5    %                              18.0   %
net premiums earned                                             922                       798                    698                                  15.6    %                              14.3   %
losses and loss expenses                                        670                       632                    435                                   6.0    %                              45.2   %
policy acquisition costs                                        240                       200                    174                                  20.0    %                              15.3   %
administrative expenses                                          36                        35                     37                                   1.7    %                             (4.5)   %
underwriting income (loss)                                     (24)                      (69)                     52                                  65.7    %                                     nm net investment income                                           281                       331                    307                                (15.2)    %                               7.7   %
other (income) expense                                            1                         -                      2                                         nm                                     nm segment income                                                 $256                      $262                   $357                                 (2.3)    %                            (26.8)   %
loss and loss expense ratio:
cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses                    49.7   %                  50.7   %               49.1   %              (1.0)                 pts                1.6                 pts catastrophe losses                                             20.3   %                  28.3   %               17.0   %              (8.0)                 pts               11.3                 pts prior period development                                        2.6   %                   0.2   %              (3.8)   %                2.4                 pts                4.0                 pts loss and loss expense ratio                                    72.6   %                  79.2   %               62.3   %              (6.6)                 pts               16.9                 pts policy acquisition cost ratio                                  26.1   %                  25.1   %               24.9   %                1.0                 pts                0.2                 pts administrative expense ratio                                    3.9   %                   4.4   %                5.3   %              (0.5)                 pts              (0.9)                 pts combined ratio                                                102.6   %                 108.7   %               92.5   %              (6.1)                 pts               16.2                 pts nm - not meaningful catastrophe losses and prior period development
(in millions of u.s dollars)                                    2022   2021                  2020
catastrophe losses                                          $161                   $212                  $113
(unfavorable) favorable prior period development           $(22)                   $(3)                   $29
catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
2022: hurricane ian losses, and other sever weather-related events in the u.s., australia, and canada.
2021: hurricane ida losses, and other sever weather-related events in the u.s., canada and europe.
2020: u.s. hurricanes and tropical storms; u.s. flooding, hail, tornadoes, and wind events; and covid-19 pandemic claims.
refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for detail on prior period development.
premiums net premiums written increased $70 million in 2022, or $82 million on a constant-dollar basis, primarily due to continued growth in the portfolio mainly from new business, favorable premium adjustments and higher catastrophe reinstatement premiums.
net premiums earned increased $124 million in 2022, primarily reflecting the factors described above and the impact of higher new business written in the prior year for which premiums are earned in the current year.
59
combined ratio the loss and loss expense ratio decreased in 2022, primarily due to lower catastrophe losses, partially offset by higher unfavorable prior period development. the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2022 primarily due to a shift in the mix of business.
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased in 2022, primarily due to a shift in the mix of business, partially offset by the impact of the higher reinstatement premiums described above.
the administrative expense ratio decreased in 2022, primarily from the favorable impact of higher net premiums earned.
overall, the combined ratio decreased in 2022 primarily due to lower catastrophe losses, partially offset by higher unfavorable prior period development. the cay combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses increased due to a shift in the mix of business, partially offset by higher net premiums earned, which outpaced increases in expenses.
life insurance the life insurance segment comprises our international life operations, which commencing in the third quarter of 2022, includes cigna's a&h and life business in korea, taiwan, new zealand, hong kong, and indonesia, acquired on july 1, 2022. the life insurance segment also includes chubb tempest life re (chubb life re), and the north american supplemental a&h and life business of combined insurance. we assess the performance of our life business based on life insurance underwriting income, which includes net investment income and (gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)                2022                    2021                    2020                    2022 vs. 2021                 2021 vs. 2020
net premiums written                                           $3,643                   $2,477                  $2,514                         47.1      %                  (1.5)      %
net premiums written - constant dollars                                                                                                        52.0      %                  (2.8)      %
net premiums earned                                             3,539                    2,402                   2,482                         47.4      %                  (3.2)      %
losses and loss expenses                                          497                      740                     724                       (32.8)      %                    2.3      %
policy benefits                                                 1,534                      707                     726                        117.2      %                  (2.7)      %
policy acquisition costs                                          838                      712                     766                         17.6      %                  (7.1)      %
administrative expenses                                           510                      333                     320                         53.5      %                    3.8      %
net investment income                                             509                      407                     385                         25.0      %                    5.6      %
life insurance underwriting income                                669                      317                     331                        111.0      %                  (4.2)      %
other (income) expense                                           (45)                    (106)                    (74)                       (57.8)      %                   42.4      %
amortization of purchased intangibles                              10                        5                       4                        112.9      %                   23.3      %
segment income                                                   $704                     $418                    $401                         68.3      %                    4.1      %
premiums net premiums written increased $1,166 million in 2022, or $1,247 million on a constant-dollar basis. for our international life operations, net premiums written increased 96.9 percent, primarily due to the acquisition of cigna's business in asia, which contributed $1,360 million. in addition, growth from new business in indonesia and thailand, was more than offset by lower business in taiwan and latin america, principally reflecting non-renewal of certain large account business in chile. net premiums written in our north america combined insurance business declined 9.1 percent, primarily due to the non-renewal of a large program.
60
deposits the following table presents deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts:
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)                     2022   2021                 2020                      2022 vs. 2021            c$ 2022 vs. 2021                      2021 vs. 2020
deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts           $1,800               $2,441               $1,559        (26.2)      %            (22.3)          %       56.6                      %
deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts (life deposits) are not reflected as revenues in our consolidated statements of operations in accordance with gaap. new life deposits are an important component of production, and although they do not significantly affect current period income from operations, they are key to our efforts to grow our business. life deposits collected decreased $641 million, or $517 million on a constant-dollar basis, in 2022, primarily in taiwan, reflecting challenging market conditions for deposit products. additionally, the prior year benefited from successful sales campaigns in broker and bank channels in taiwan. partially offsetting the decline is $91 million from deposits collected from the acquired cigna business in asia, primarily in korea.
life insurance segment income life insurance segment income increased $286 million in 2022 from higher underwriting income of $352 million, including $195 million of growth reflecting six months of the acquisition of cigna's business in asia, strong performance in combined insurance north america reflecting favorable reserve development, and higher net investment income. this increase was partially offset by an adverse non-recurring adjustment of $52 million in 2022 related to huatai life, our partially owned insurance entity in china.
corporate corporate results primarily include the results of our non-insurance companies, income and expenses not attributable to reportable segments and loss and loss expenses of asbestos and environmental (a&e) liabilities and certain other non-a&e run-off exposures, including molestation.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)              2022                 2021                   2020                 2022 vs. 2021                    2021 vs. 2020
losses and loss expenses                                           $363                 $572                   $435                 (36.4)      %                      31.4      %
administrative expenses                                             385                  365                    303                    5.6      %                      20.6      %
underwriting loss                                                   748                  937                    738                 (20.1)      %                      26.9      %
net investment income (loss)                                          -                 (55)                   (87)                            nm                    (35.6)      %
interest expense                                                    570                  492                    516                   15.9      %                     (4.7)      %
net realized gains (losses)                                       (954)                1,160                  (499)                            nm                               nm other (income) expense                                              292              (2,118)                  (791)                            nm                     168.0      %
amortization of purchased intangibles                               182                  198                    203                  (7.8)      %                     (3.2)      %
cigna integration expenses                                           48                    -                      -                            nm                         -
income tax expense                                                1,255                1,277                    629                  (1.7)      %                     102.9      %
net income (loss)                                              $(4,049)                 $319               $(1,881)                            nm                               nm nm - not meaningful losses and loss expenses decreased in 2022 primarily due to the inclusion of boy scouts of america related abuse claims in 2021. refer to note 7 of the consolidated financial statements for further information. administrative expenses increased in 2022, primarily due to increased spending to support digital growth initiatives.
cigna integration expenses of $48 million for 2022 principally comprised legal and professional fees and all other costs directly related to the integration activities of the cigna acquisition. these expenses are one-time in nature and are not related to the on-going business activities of the segments. the chief executive officer does not manage segment results or allocate resources to segments when considering these costs and they are therefore excluded from our definition of segment income.
61
refer to the respective sections that follow for a discussion of net realized gains (losses), net investment income (loss), amortization of purchased intangibles, and income tax expense (benefit). refer to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on other (income) expense.
net realized and unrealized gains (losses)
we take a long-term view with our investment strategy, and our investment managers manage our investment portfolio to maximize total return within specific guidelines designed to minimize risk. the majority of our investment portfolio is available for sale and reported at fair value. our held to maturity investment portfolio is reported at amortized cost, net of valuation allowance.
the effect of market movements on our fixed maturities portfolio impacts net income (through net realized gains (losses)) when securities are sold, when we write down an asset, or when we record a change to the valuation allowance for expected credit losses. for a further discussion related to how we assess the valuation allowance for expected credit losses and the related impact on net income, refer to note 1 e) to the consolidated financial statements. additionally, net income is impacted through the reporting of changes in the fair value of equity securities, private equity funds where we own less than three percent, and derivatives, including financial futures, options, swaps, and glb reinsurance. changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on available for sale securities, resulting from the revaluation of securities held, changes in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment, unrealized postretirement benefit obligations liability adjustment, and cross-currency swaps designated as hedges for accounting purposes are reported as separate components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets. the following table presents our net realized and unrealized gains (losses):
year ended december 31
2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2021                      2020
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                                                                  netrealizedgains(losses)            net                                       net                       net                          net                         net                       net unrealized                             impact                  realized                   unrealized                      impact                  realized gains                                                             gains                        gains                                                 gains
(losses)                                                       (losses)                     (losses)                                              (losses)
fixed maturities                                                                                                    $(1,049)                       $(10,598)                      $(11,647)                        $3                    $(2,919)                     $(2,916)                    $(281)
fixed income and investment derivatives                                                                                 (43)                       -                                   (43)                      (72)                           -                         (72)                        81
public equity sales                                                                                                                    409                       -                                    409                       157                           -                          157                       455
mark-to-market                                                                                                         (639)                       -                                  (639)                       505                           -                          505                       131
private equity (less than 3 percent ownership)
mark-to-market                                                                                                          (31)                       -                                   (31)                       111                           -                          111                      (32)
total investment portfolio                                                                                           (1,353)                       (10,598)                        (11,951)                       704                     (2,919)                      (2,215)                       354
mark-to-market from variable annuity reinsurance derivative transactions, net of applicable hedges                       124                       -                                    124                       114                           -                          114                     (310)
other derivatives                                                                                                       (11)                       -                                   (11)                       (8)                           -                          (8)                         1
foreign exchange                                                                                                         393                       (986)                              (593)                       348                       (530)                        (182)                     (483)
other                                                                                                                  (118)                       (80)                               (198)                       (6)                         503                          497                      (60)
net gains (losses), pre-tax                                                                                           $(965)                       $(11,664)                      $(12,629)                    $1,152                    $(2,946)                     $(1,794)                    $(498)
pre-tax net unrealized losses of $10,598 million in our investment portfolio were principally the result of an increase in interest rates. in addition, there were pre-tax net realized losses of $1,353 million primarily from mark-to-market losses on public and private equities of $670 million. additionally, there were net losses of $683 million comprising of an increase in the valuation allowance of expected credit losses, impairments on fixed income securities, derivative losses, and losses from sales of fixed maturities, offset by gains from sales of equity securities.
the variable annuity reinsurance derivative transactions consist of changes in the fair value of glb liabilities and gains or losses on other derivative instruments we maintain that decrease in fair value when the s&p 500 index increases. in 2022, the variable annuity reinsurance derivative transactions resulted in realized gains of $124 million, reflecting a net loss of $63
million, primarily from a decrease in the fair value of the glb liabilities due to higher interest rates, partially offset by lower global equity markets, and a net realized gain of $187 million related to the other derivative instruments. in 2021, the variable annuity reinsurance derivative transactions resulted in realized gains of $114 million, reflecting a net gain of $316 million, primarily from a decrease in the fair value of the glb liabilities due to higher global equity markets and higher interest rates, and a net realized loss of $202 million related to the other derivative instruments.
effective income tax rate our effective tax rate (etr) was 19.1 percent, 13.0 percent, and 15.1 percent in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. our etr reflects a mix of income or losses in jurisdictions with a wide range of tax rates, permanent differences between u.s. gaap and local tax laws, and the impact of discrete items. a change in the geographic mix of earnings could impact our etr. the increase in the etr from 2021 to 2022 was due primarily to the impact of discrete items and realized losses as compared to realized gains in lower tax jurisdictions in the prior year.
non-gaap reconciliation in presenting our results, we included and discussed certain non-gaap measures. these non-gaap measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations and financial condition. however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with gaap.
book value per common share is shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding. tangible book value per common share is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets, net of tax, divided by the shares outstanding. we believe that book value comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies are more meaningful when adjusted for goodwill and other intangible assets. the calculation of tangible book value per share does not consider the embedded goodwill attributable to our investments in partially-owned insurance companies until we consolidate.
we provide financial measures, including net premiums written, net premiums earned, and underwriting income on a constant-dollar basis. we believe it is useful to evaluate the trends in our results exclusive of the effect of fluctuations in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and the currencies in which our international business is transacted, as these exchange rates could fluctuate significantly between periods and distort the analysis of trends. the impact is determined by assuming constant foreign exchange rates between periods by translating prior period results using the same local currency exchange rates as the comparable current period.
p&c performance metrics comprise consolidated operating results (including corporate) and exclude the operating results of the life insurance segment. we believe that these measures are useful and meaningful to investors as they are used by management to assess the company's p&c operations which are the most economically similar. we exclude the life insurance segment because the results of this business do not always correlate with the results of our p&c operations. p&c combined ratio is the sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, policy acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding the life business and including the realized gains and losses on the crop derivatives. these derivatives were purchased to provide economic benefit, in a manner similar to reinsurance protection, in the event that a significant decline in commodity pricing impacts underwriting results. we view gains and losses on these derivatives as part of the results of our underwriting operations. cay p&c combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses (cats) excludes cats and prior period development (ppd) from the p&c combined ratio. we exclude cats as they are not predictable as to timing and amount and ppd as these unexpected loss developments on historical reserves are not indicative of our current underwriting performance. the combined ratio numerator is adjusted to exclude cats, net premiums earned adjustments on ppd, prior period expense adjustments and reinstatement premiums on ppd, and the denominator is adjusted to exclude net premiums earned adjustments on ppd and reinstatement premiums on cats and ppd. in periods where there are adjustments on loss sensitive policies, these adjustments are excluded from ppd and net premiums earned when calculating the ratios. we believe this measure provides a better evaluation of our underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our p&c business that may be obscured by these items. this measure is commonly reported among our peer companies and allows for a better comparison.
reinstatement premiums are additional premiums paid on certain reinsurance agreements in order to reinstate coverage that had been exhausted by loss occurrences. the reinstatement premium amount is typically a pro rata portion of the original ceded premium paid based on how much of the reinsurance limit had been exhausted.
net premiums earned adjustments within ppd are adjustments to the initial premium earned on retrospectively rated policies based on actual claim experience that develops after the policy period ends. the premium adjustments correlate to the prior period loss development on these same policies and are fully earned in the period the adjustments are recorded.
prior period expense adjustments typically relate to adjustable commission reserves or policyholder dividend reserves based on actual claim experience that develops after the policy period ends. the expense adjustments correlate to the prior period loss development on these same policies.
the following tables present the calculation of combined ratio, as reported for each segment to p&c combined ratio, adjusted for cats and ppd:
north america commercial p&amp;c insurance                 north america personal p&amp;c insurance                  north america agricultural insurance                overseas general insurance                        global   corporate                       total p&amp;c reinsurance for the year ended december 31, 2022
(in millions of u.s. dollars except for ratios)
numerator losses and loss expenses                                                   a                                   $10,828                                                    $3,186                                                 $2,557                                        $5,252                               $670         $363                           $22,856
catastrophe losses and related adjustments catastrophe losses, net of related adjustments                                                                   (961)                                                     (631)                                                   (64)                                         (365)                              (161)         -                              (2,182)
reinstatement premiums collected (expensed) on catastrophe losses                                                  (1)                                                       (2)                                                      -                                           (3)                                 55         -                                   49
catastrophe losses, gross of related adjustments                                                                 (960)                                                     (629)                                                   (64)                                         (362)                              (216)         -                              (2,231)
ppd and related adjustments ppd, net of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable)                  562                                                                                               186                                                     61                                           448                               (22)         (359)                              876
net premiums earned adjustments on ppd - unfavorable (favorable)           88                                                                                                  -                                                    168                                             -                                  -         -                                  256
expense adjustments - unfavorable (favorable)                              24                                                                                                  -                                                    (2)                                             -                                  1         -                                   23
ppd reinstatement premiums - unfavorable (favorable)                                                                 -                                                         -                                                      -                                             -                                (2)         -                                  (2)
ppd, gross of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable)                674                                                                                               186                                                    227                                           448                               (23)         (359)                            1,153
cay loss and loss expense ex cats                                          b                                   $10,542                                                    $2,743                                                 $2,720                                        $5,338                               $431         $4                             $21,778
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses                       c                                    $3,426                                                    $1,348                                                   $116                                        $3,888                               $276         $385                            $9,439
expense adjustments - favorable (unfavorable)                                                                     (24)                                                         -                                                      2                                             -                                (1)         -                                 (23)
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses, adjusted             d                                    $3,402                                                    $1,348                                                   $118                                        $3,888                               $275         $385                            $9,416
denominator net premiums earned                                                        e                                   $17,107                                                    $5,180                                                 $2,838                                       $10,803                               $922                                        $36,850
reinstatement premiums (collected) expensed on catastrophe losses                                                                                                                                                                     -                                                                             (55)                                           (49)
net premiums earned adjustments on ppd - unfavorable (favorable)           88                                                                                                  -                                                    168                                             -                                  -                                            256
ppd reinstatement premiums - unfavorable (favorable)                                                                 -                                                         -                                                      -                                             -                                (2)                                            (2)
net premiums earned excluding adjustments                                  f                                   $17,196                                                    $5,182                                                 $3,006                                       $10,806                               $865                                        $37,055
p&amp;c combined ratio loss and loss expense ratio                                                a/e                                    63.3                %                                     61.5               %                                   90.1              %                           48.6          %                    72.6     %                                     62.0      %
policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio                   c/e                                    20.0                %                                     26.0               %                                    4.1              %                           36.0          %                    30.0     %                                     25.6      %
p&amp;c combined ratio                                                     83.3                                                       %                                     87.5               %                                   94.2              %                           84.6          %                   102.6     %                                     87.6      %
cay p&amp;c combined ratio ex cats loss and loss expense ratio, adjusted                                      b/f                                    61.3                %                                     52.9               %                                   90.5              %                           49.4          %                    49.7     %                                     58.8      %
policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio, adjusted         d/f                                    19.8                %                                     26.0               %                                    3.9              %                           36.0          %                    31.8     %                                     25.4      %
cay p&amp;c combined ratio ex cats                                         81.1                                                       %                                     78.9               %                                   94.4              %                           85.4          %                    81.5     %                                     84.2      %
combined ratio combined ratio                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     87.6      %
add: impact of gains and losses on crop derivatives                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   -
p&amp;c combined ratio                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             87.6      %
note: the ratios above are calculated using whole u.s. dollars. accordingly, calculations using rounded amounts may differ. letters a, b, c, d, e and f included in the table are references for calculating the ratios above.
north america commercial p&amp;c insurance                 north america personal p&amp;c insurance                  north america agricultural insurance                overseas general insurance                        global   corporate                       total p&amp;c reinsurance for the year ended december 31, 2021
(in millions of u.s. dollars except for ratios)
numerator losses and loss expenses                                                   a                                   $10,015                                                    $2,924                                                 $1,962                                        $5,143                               $632         $572                           $21,248
catastrophe losses and related adjustments catastrophe losses, net of related adjustments                                                                 (1,112)                                                     (679)                                                   (40)                                         (358)                              (212)         -                              (2,401)
reinstatement premiums collected (expensed) on catastrophe losses                                                    -                                                      (16)                                                    (2)                                             -                                 28         -                                   10
catastrophe losses, gross of related adjustments                                                               (1,112)                                                     (663)                                                   (38)                                         (358)                              (240)         -                              (2,411)
ppd and related adjustments ppd, net of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable)                  762                                                                                               305                                                   (10)                                           441                                (3)         (569)                              926
net premiums earned adjustments on ppd - unfavorable (favorable)           67                                                                                                  -                                                   (25)                                             -                                  -         -                                   42
expense adjustments - unfavorable (favorable)                              6                                                                                                   -                                                    (3)                                             -                                  -         -                                    3
ppd reinstatement premiums - unfavorable (favorable)                       6                                                                                                 (1)                                                      -                                             7                                  3         -                                   15
ppd, gross of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable)                841                                                                                               304                                                   (38)                                           448                                  -         (569)                              986
cay loss and loss expense ex cats                                          b                                    $9,744                                                    $2,565                                                 $1,886                                        $5,233                               $392         $3                             $19,823
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses                       c                                    $3,134                                                    $1,277                                                   $121                                        $3,877                               $235         $365                            $9,009
expense adjustments - favorable (unfavorable)                                                                      (6)                                                         -                                                      3                                             -                                  -         -                                  (3)
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses, adjusted             d                                    $3,128                                                    $1,277                                                   $124                                        $3,877                               $235         $365                            $9,006
denominator net premiums earned                                                        e                                   $15,461                                                    $4,915                                                 $2,338                                       $10,441                               $798                                        $33,953
reinstatement premiums (collected) expensed on catastrophe losses                                                    -                                                        16                                                      2                                             -                               (28)                                           (10)
net premiums earned adjustments on ppd - unfavorable (favorable)           67                                                                                                  -                                                   (25)                                             -                                  -                                             42
ppd reinstatement premiums - unfavorable (favorable)                       6                                                                                                 (1)                                                      -                                             7                                  3                                             15
net premiums earned excluding adjustments                                  f                                   $15,534                                                    $4,930                                                 $2,315                                       $10,448                               $773                                        $34,000
p&amp;c combined ratio loss and loss expense ratio                                                a/e                                    64.8                %                                     59.5               %                                   83.9              %                           49.3          %                    79.2     %                                     62.6      %
policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio                   c/e                                    20.2                %                                     26.0               %                                    5.2              %                           37.1          %                    29.5     %                                     26.5      %
p&amp;c combined ratio                                                     85.0                                                       %                                     85.5               %                                   89.1              %                           86.4          %                   108.7     %                                     89.1      %
cay p&amp;c combined ratio ex cats loss and loss expense ratio, adjusted                                      b/f                                    62.7                %                                     52.0               %                                   81.5              %                           50.1          %                    50.7     %                                     58.3      %
policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio, adjusted         d/f                                    20.2                %                                     25.9               %                                    5.3              %                           37.1          %                    30.5     %                                     26.5      %
cay p&amp;c combined ratio ex cats                                         82.9                                                       %                                     77.9               %                                   86.8              %                           87.2          %                    81.2     %                                     84.8      %
combined ratio combined ratio                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     89.1      %
add: impact of gains and losses on crop derivatives                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   -
p&amp;c combined ratio                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             89.1      %
note: the ratios above are calculated using whole u.s. dollars. accordingly, calculations using rounded amounts may differ. letters a, b, c, d, e and f included in the table are references for calculating the ratios above.
north america commercial p&amp;c insurance                 north america personal p&amp;c insurance                  north america agricultural insurance                overseas general insurance                     global   corporate                       total p&amp;c reinsurance for the year ended december 31, 2020
(in millions of u.s. dollars except for ratios)
numerator losses and loss expenses                                                   a                                   $10,129                                                    $3,187                                                 $1,544                                        $5,255                            $435         $435                           $20,985
catastrophe losses and related adjustments catastrophe losses, net of related adjustments                                                                 (1,871)                                                     (534)                                                   (36)                                         (705)                           (113)         -                              (3,259)
reinstatement premiums collected (expensed) on catastrophe losses                                                  (3)                                                       (1)                                                    (1)                                          (15)                              10         -                                 (10)
catastrophe losses, gross of related adjustments                                                               (1,868)                                                     (533)                                                   (35)                                         (690)                           (123)         -                              (3,249)
ppd and related adjustments ppd, net of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable)                  702                                                                                              (63)                                                     10                                           150                              29         (433)                              395
net premiums earned adjustments on ppd - unfavorable (favorable)           32                                                                                                  -                                                      3                                             -                               -         -                                   35
expense adjustments - unfavorable (favorable)                                                                      (1)                                                         -                                                      6                                             -                             (2)         -                                    3
ppd reinstatement premiums - unfavorable (favorable)                                                                 -                                                      (18)                                                      -                                             -                             (1)         -                                 (19)
ppd, gross of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable)                733                                                                                              (81)                                                     19                                           150                              26         (433)                              414
cay loss and loss expense ex cats                                          b                                    $8,994                                                    $2,573                                                 $1,528                                        $4,715                            $338         $2                             $18,150
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses                       c                                    $2,948                                                    $1,244                                                   $132                                        $3,602                            $211         $303                            $8,440
expense adjustments - favorable (unfavorable)                              1                                                                                                   -                                                    (6)                                             -                               2         -                                  (3)
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses, adjusted             d                                    $2,949                                                    $1,244                                                   $126                                        $3,602                            $213         $303                            $8,437
denominator net premiums earned                                                        e                                   $13,964                                                    $4,866                                                 $1,822                                        $9,285                            $698                                        $30,635
reinstatement premiums (collected) expensed on catastrophe losses          3                                                                                                   1                                                      1                                            15                            (10)                                             10
net premiums earned adjustments on ppd - unfavorable (favorable)           32                                                                                                  -                                                      3                                             -                               -                                             35
ppd reinstatement premiums - unfavorable (favorable)                                                                 -                                                      (18)                                                      -                                             -                             (1)                                           (19)
net premiums earned excluding adjustments                                  f                                   $13,999                                                    $4,849                                                 $1,826                                        $9,300                            $687                                        $30,661
p&amp;c combined ratio loss and loss expense ratio                                                a/e                                    72.5                %                                     65.5               %                                   84.7              %                           56.6          %                 62.3     %                                     68.5      %
policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio                   c/e                                    21.2                %                                     25.6               %                                    7.3              %                           38.8          %                 30.2     %                                     27.6      %
p&amp;c combined ratio                                                     93.7                                                       %                                     91.1               %                                   92.0              %                           95.4          %                 92.5     %                                     96.1      %
cay p&amp;c combined ratio ex cats loss and loss expense ratio, adjusted                                      b/f                                    64.2                %                                     53.1               %                                   83.7              %                           50.7          %                 49.1     %                                     59.2      %
policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio, adjusted         d/f                                    21.1                %                                     25.6               %                                    6.8              %                           38.7          %                 31.0     %                                     27.5      %
cay p&amp;c combined ratio ex cats                                         85.3                                                       %                                     78.7               %                                   90.5              %                           89.4          %                 80.1     %                                     86.7      %
combined ratio combined ratio                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  96.1      %
add: impact of gains and losses on crop derivatives                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                -
p&amp;c combined ratio                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          96.1      %
note: the ratios above are calculated using whole u.s. dollars. accordingly, calculations using rounded amounts may differ. letters a, b, c, d, e and f included in the table are references for calculating the ratios above.
net investment income
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)              2022                       2021                       2020
average invested assets                                        $120,733                   $116,475                   $109,766
net investment income (1)                                        $3,742                     $3,456                     $3,375
yield on average invested assets                                    3.1   %                    3.0   %                    3.1   %
market yield on fixed maturities                                    5.6   %                    2.3   %                    1.7   %
(1)includes $41 million, $84 million, and $116 million of amortization expense related to the fair value adjustment of acquired invested assets in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. excludes investment income from our private equities where we own more than 3 percent interest.
net investment income is influenced by a number of factors including the amounts and timing of inward and outward cash flows, the level of interest rates, and changes in overall asset allocation. net investment income increased 8.3 percent in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily due to higher reinvestment rates on fixed maturities, offset by reduced call activity in fixed income securities, and lower income from equity securities and private equities. refer to note 1 e) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
for private equities where we own less than three percent, investment income is included within net investment income in the table above. for private equities where we own more than three percent, investment income is included within other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. excluded from net investment income is the mark-to-market movement for private equities, which is recorded within either other income (expense) or net realized gains (losses) based on our percentage of ownership. the total mark-to-market movement for private equities excluded from net investment income was as follows:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                     2022            2021                    2020
total mark-to-market gain (loss) on private equity, pre-tax       $(250)                      $2,115                  $714
interest expense interest expense was $570 million, $492 million, and $516 million for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. interest expense increased in 2022 primarily from the issuance of $600 million of 2.85 percent senior notes and $1,000 million of 3.05 percent senior notes in the fourth quarter of 2021. additionally, interest expense in 2022 includes interest on $2.0 billion of repurchase agreements issued during the second quarter of 2022 which expired prior to december 31, 2022. pre-tax interest expense is expected to total $602 million for 2023 based on our existing debt obligations, at current foreign exchange rates, fees from expected usage of certain facilities, including letters of credit, and interest on held collateral and repurchase agreements. interest on held collateral and repurchase agreements is expected to be higher as a result of rising interest rates. refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, under item 8, for more information.
amortization of purchased intangibles and other amortization amortization of purchased intangibles amortization expense related to purchased intangibles was $285 million, $287 million, and $290 million for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. the amortization of purchased intangibles expense in 2023 is expected to be $281 million, or approximately $70 million each quarter. refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, under item 8, for more information on the expected pre-tax amortization expense of purchased intangibles, at current foreign currency exchange rates for the next five years.
at december 31, 2022, the deferred tax liability associated with the other intangible assets (excluding the fair value adjustment on unpaid losses and loss expenses) was $1,213 million.
the following table presents at december 31, 2022, the expected reduction to the deferred tax liability associated with the amortization of other intangible assets, at current foreign currency exchange rates, for the next five years:
for the years ending december 31         reduction to deferred tax liability associated with intangible assets
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
2023                                                 $64
2024                                                  59
2025                                                  55
2026                                                  51
2027                                                  47
total                                                $276
amortization of the fair value adjustment on acquired invested assets and assumed long-term debt the following table presents at december 31, 2022, the expected amortization expense of the fair value adjustment on acquired invested assets related to the acquisitions of cigna's business in asia and chubb corp, at current foreign currency exchange rates, and the expected amortization benefit from the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt related to the chubb corp acquisition for the next five years:
amortization (expense) benefit of the fair value adjustment on for the years ending december 31         acquired cigna invested assets                  acquired chubb corp invested assets                           total acquired invested assets (1)                      assumed long-term debt (2)
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
2023                       $35                               $(50)                                                                        $(15)                                                $21
2024                        32                               (16)                                                                            16                                                 21
2025                        30                               -                                                                               30                                                 21
2026                        28                               -                                                                               28                                                 21
2027                        27                               -                                                                               27                                                 21
total                      $152                               $(66)                                                                          $86                                               $105
(1)    recorded as an increase (reduction) to net investment income in the consolidated statements of operations.
(2) recorded as a reduction to interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
the estimate of amortization expense of the fair value adjustment on acquired invested assets could vary based on current market conditions, bond calls, overall duration of the acquired investment portfolio, and foreign exchange.
investments our investment portfolio is invested primarily in publicly traded, investment grade, fixed income securities with an average credit quality of a/a as rated by the independent investment rating services standard and poor's (s&p)/ moody's investors service (moody's). the portfolio is externally managed by independent, professional investment managers and is broadly diversified across geographies, sectors, and issuers. other investments principally comprise direct investments, investment funds, and limited partnerships. we hold no collateralized debt obligations in our investment portfolio, and we provide no credit default protection. we have long-standing global credit limits for our entire portfolio across the organization. exposures are aggregated, monitored, and actively managed by our global credit committee, comprising senior executives, including our chief financial officer, our chief risk officer, our chief investment officer, and our treasurer. we also have well-established, strict contractual investment rules requiring managers to maintain highly diversified exposures to individual issuers and closely monitor investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines.
the average duration of our fixed income securities, including the effect of options and swaps, was 4.5 years and 4.1 years at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. we estimate that a 100 basis point (bps) increase in interest rates would reduce the valuation of our fixed income portfolio by approximately $4.4 billion at december 31, 2022. the following table shows the fair value and cost/amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our invested assets:
december 31, 2022                                 december 31, 2021
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                        fair                           cost/              fair                           cost/
value                       amortized             value                       amortized cost, net                                              cost fixed maturities available for sale           $85,220                       $93,186             $93,108                       $90,479
fixed maturities held to maturity               8,439                         8,848              10,647                        10,118
short-term investments                          4,960                         4,962               3,146                         3,147
fixed income securities                        98,619                       106,996             106,901                       103,744
equity securities                                 827       827                                   4,782                         4,782
other investments                              13,696                        13,696              11,169                        11,169
total investments                            $113,142                      $121,519            $122,852                      $119,695
the fair value of our total investments decreased $9.7 billion during the year ended december 31, 2022, reflecting unrealized losses on fixed maturities, principally from rising interest rates and from share repurchases, partially offset by an increase in investments from operating cash flows.
the following tables present the fair value of our fixed income securities at december 31, 2022 and 2021. the first table lists investments according to type and second according to s&p credit rating:
december 31, 2022                                          december 31, 2021
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)            fair value                    % of total                   fair value                    % of total u.s. treasury / agency                                         $3,996                             4     %                 $3,458                             3     %
corporate and asset-backed securities                          38,535                            40     %                 41,264                            39     %
mortgage-backed securities                                     17,202                            17     %                 22,292                            21     %
municipal                                                       6,964                             7     %                  9,650                             9     %
non-u.s.                                                       26,962                            27     %                 27,091                            25     %
short-term investments                                          4,960                             5     %                  3,146                             3     %
total                                                         $98,619                           100     %               $106,901                           100     %
aaa                                                           $14,779                            15     %                $15,364                            14     %
aa                                                             31,195                            32     %                 35,179                            33     %
a                                                              18,366                            19     %                 20,171                            19     %
bbb                                                            16,802                            17     %                 17,362                            16     %
bb                                                              8,722                             9     %                  9,084                             8     %
b                                                               8,347                             8     %                  9,202                             9     %
other                                                             408                             -     %                    539                             1     %
total                                                         $98,619                           100     %               $106,901                           100     %
69
corporate and asset-backed securities the following table presents our 10 largest global exposures to corporate bonds by fair value at december 31, 2022:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)            fair value bank of america corp                     $744
jp morgan chase &amp; co                  656
morgan stanley                            624
wells fargo &amp; co                      579
citigroup inc                             519
goldman sachs group inc                   504
verizon communications inc                438
comcast corp                              362
hsbc holdings plc                         341
anheuser-busch inbev sa/nv                315
mortgage-backed securities the following table shows the fair value and amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our mortgage-backed securities:
s&amp;p credit rating                 fair value                 amortized cost, net december 31, 2022                                         aaa                      aa                     a                  bbb                  bb and                      total                               total
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                                                                                                      below agency residential mortgage-backed (rmbs)              $7                  $14,220                    $-                  $-                     $-                   $14,227                          $16,044
non-agency rmbs                                       479                       40                    52                  36                      4        611                        701
commercial mortgage-backed securities               2,042                      171                   136                  12                      3                     2,364                            2,578
total mortgage-backed securities                   $2,528                  $14,431                  $188                 $48                     $7                   $17,202                          $19,323
municipal as part of our overall investment strategy, we may invest in states, municipalities, and other political subdivisions fixed maturity securities (municipal). we apply the same investment selection process described previously to our municipal investments. the portfolio is highly diversified primarily in state general obligation bonds and essential service revenue bonds including education and utilities (water, power, and sewers).
non-u.s.
our exposure to the euro results primarily from chubb european group se which is headquartered in france and offers a broad range of coverages throughout the european union, central, and eastern europe. chubb primarily invests in euro denominated investments to support its local currency insurance obligations and required capital levels. chubb's local currency investment portfolios have strict contractual investment guidelines requiring managers to maintain a high quality and diversified portfolio to both sector and individual issuers. investment portfolios are monitored daily to ensure investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines.
our non-u.s. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of our non-u.s. operations. the average credit quality of our non-u.s. fixed income securities is a and 45 percent of our holdings are rated aaa or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies. within the context of these investment portfolios, our government and corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. issuer limits are based on credit rating (aa-two percent, a-one percent, bbb-0.5 percent of the total portfolio) and are monitored daily via an internal compliance system. we manage our indirect exposure using the same credit rating based investment approach. accordingly, we do not believe our indirect exposure is material.
70
the following table summarizes the fair value and amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our non-u.s. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-u.s. government securities at december 31, 2022:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                     fair value                 amortized cost, net republic of korea                               $1,593                           $1,659
canada                                             918                              982
taiwan                                             897                              906
federative republic of brazil                      583                              598
province of ontario                                568                              609
united mexican states                              519                              555
kingdom of thailand                                486                              495
commonwealth of australia                          455                              533
united kingdom                                     393                              433
province of quebec                                 379                              404
other non-u.s. government securities             4,832                            5,239
total                                          $11,623                          $12,413
the following table summarizes the fair value and amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our non-u.s. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-u.s. corporate securities at december 31, 2022:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                  fair value                 amortized cost, net united kingdom                               $2,250                           $2,467
canada                                        1,804                            1,946
south korea                                   1,220                            1,274
france                                        1,153                            1,255
united states (1)                             1,075                            1,196
australia                                       905                            1,002
japan                                           718                              775
netherlands                                     503                              546
germany                                         498                              563
switzerland                                     469                              540
other non-u.s. corporate securities           4,744                            5,164
total                                       $15,339                          $16,728
(1) the countries that are listed in the non-u.s. corporate fixed income portfolio above represent the ultimate parent company's country of risk. non-u.s. corporate securities could be issued by foreign subsidiaries of u.s. corporations.
below-investment grade corporate fixed income portfolio below-investment grade securities have different characteristics than investment grade corporate debt securities. risk of loss from default by the borrower is greater with below-investment grade securities. below-investment grade securities are generally unsecured and are often subordinated to other creditors of the issuer. also, issuers of below-investment grade securities usually have higher levels of debt and are more sensitive to adverse economic conditions, such as recession or increasing interest rates, than investment grade issuers. at december 31, 2022, our corporate fixed income investment portfolio included below-investment grade and non-rated securities which, in total, comprised approximately 16 percent of our fixed income portfolio. our below-investment grade and non-rated portfolio includes over 1,700 issuers, with the greatest single exposure being $152 million. we manage high-yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. the allocation to high-yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (bb/b). our minimum rating for initial purchase is bb/b. fifteen external investment managers are responsible for high-yield security selection and portfolio construction. our high-yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience. holdings are highly diversified across industries and generally subject to a 1.5 percent issuer limit as a percentage of high-yield allocation. we monitor position limits daily through an internal compliance system. derivative and structured securities (e.g., credit default swaps and collateralized debt obligations) are not permitted in the high-yield portfolio.
71
asbestos and environmental (a&e)
asbestos and environmental (a&e) reserving considerations for asbestos, chubb faces claims relating to policies issued to manufacturers, distributors, installers, and other parties in the chain of commerce for asbestos and products containing asbestos. claimants will generally allege damages across an extended time period which may coincide with multiple policies covering a wide range of time periods for a single insured.
environmental claims present exposure for remediation and defense costs associated with the contamination of property or bodily injury as a result of pollution.
the following table presents count information for asbestos claims by causative agent and environmental claims by account, for direct policies only:
asbestos (by causative agent)                            environmental (by account)
2022                                                                         2021                     2022                          2021
open at beginning of year               1,739                               1,723                    1,230                         1,234
newly reported/reopened                   208                                 191                       64                           131
closed or otherwise disposed              152                                 175                       99                           135
open at end of year                     1,795                               1,739                    1,195                         1,230
survival ratios are calculated by dividing the asbestos or environmental loss and allocated loss adjustment expense (alae) reserves by the average asbestos or environmental loss and alae payments for the three most recent calendar years (3-year survival ratio).
the following table presents the gross and net 3-year survival ratios for asbestos and environmental loss and alae reserves:
(in years)                gross loss and alae reserves                  net loss and alae reserves asbestos                               4.7                                5.1
environmental                          3.3                                3.9
the survival ratios provide only a very rough depiction of reserves and are significantly impacted by a number of factors such as aggressive settlement practices, variations in gross to ceded relationships within the asbestos or environmental claims, and levels of coverage provided. therefore, we urge caution in using these very simplistic ratios to gauge reserve adequacy.
72
catastrophe management we actively monitor and manage our catastrophe risk accumulation around the world from natural perils, including setting risk limits based on probable maximum loss (pml), and purchasing catastrophe reinsurance, to ensure sufficient liquidity and capital to meet the expectations of regulators, rating agencies and policyholders, and to provide shareholders with an appropriate risk-adjusted return. chubb uses internal and external data together with sophisticated analytical, catastrophe loss and risk modeling techniques to ensure an appropriate understanding of risk, including diversification and correlation effects, across different product lines and territories. the table below presents our modeled pre-tax estimates of natural catastrophe pml, net of reinsurance, at december 31, 2022, and does not represent our expected catastrophe losses for any one year.
modeled net probable maximum loss (pml) pre-tax worldwide (1)               u.s. hurricane (2)                                               california earthquake (3)
annual aggregate               annual aggregate                                                 single occurrence
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)           chubb               % of total                       chubb                           % of total                       chubb                           % of total shareholders'                                                    shareholders'                                                    shareholders'
equity                                                           equity                                                           equity
1-in-10      $2,215       4.4                       %                  $1,175           2.3                          %                  $149             0.3                          %
1-in-100      $4,903       9.7                       %                  $3,188           6.3                          %                  $1,324           2.6                          %
1-in-250      $8,234       16.3                      %                  $6,256           12.4                         %                  $1,526           3.0                          %
(1) worldwide aggregate is comprised of losses arising from tropical cyclones, convective storms, earthquakes, u.s. wildfires, and floods in the u.s., canada, and europe, and excludes "non-modeled" perils such as man-made and other catastrophe risk including pandemic.
(2) u.s. hurricane losses include losses from wind, storm-surge, and related precipitation-induced flooding.
(3) california earthquakes include the fire-following sub-peril.
the pml for worldwide and key u.s. peril regions are based on our in-force portfolio at october 1, 2022, and reflect the april 1, 2022, reinsurance program (see global property catastrophe reinsurance program section) as well as inuring reinsurance protection coverages. these estimates assume that reinsurance recoverable is fully collectible.
according to the model, for the 1-in-100 return period scenario, there is a one percent chance that our pre-tax annual aggregate losses incurred in any year from u.s. hurricane events could be in excess of $3,188 million (or 6.3 percent of our total shareholders' equity at december 31, 2022). effective december 31, 2022, our worldwide pmls include losses from floods in canada and europe. additionally, u.s. hurricane pmls include losses from hurricane related precipitation-induced flooding.
the above estimates of chubb's loss profile are inherently uncertain for many reasons, including the following:
while the use of third-party modeling packages to simulate potential catastrophe losses is prevalent within the insurance industry, the models are reliant upon significant meteorology, seismology, and engineering assumptions to estimate catastrophe losses. in particular, modeled catastrophe events are not always a representation of actual events and ensuing additional loss potential;
there is no universal standard in the preparation of insured data for use in the models, the running of the modeling software, and interpretation of loss output. these loss estimates do not represent our potential maximum exposures and it is highly likely that our actual incurred losses would vary materially from the modeled estimates;
the potential effects of climate change add to modeling complexity; and
changing climate conditions could impact our exposure to natural catastrophe risks. published studies by leading government, academic and professional organizations combined with extensive research by chubb climate scientists reveal the potential for increases in the frequency and severity of key natural perils such as tropical cyclones, inland flood, and wildfire. to understand the potential impacts on the chubb portfolio, we have conducted stress tests on our peak exposure zone, namely in the u.s., using parameters outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) climate change 2021 report. these parameters consider the impacts of climate change and the resulting climate peril impacts over a timescale relevant to our business. the tests are conducted by adjusting our baseline view of risk for the perils of hurricane, inland flood, and wildfire in the u.s. to reflect increases in frequency and severity across the modeled domains for each of these perils. based on these tests against the chubb portfolio we do not expect material impacts to our baseline pmls from climate change over the next 12 months. these tests reflect current exposures only and exclude potentially mitigating factors such as changes to building codes, public or private risk mitigation, regulation, and public policy.
man-made and other catastrophes we have substantial exposure to losses resulting from man-made catastrophes including terrorism, cyber-attack, financial events, and other catastrophe events, including pandemics. these events are inherently unpredictable and could impact a variety of our businesses, including commercial and personal lines, life insurance, a&h, and reinsurance products. our losses from these events could be substantial.
terrorism we offer terrorism coverage in the u.s. and in many other countries through various insurance products. we actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures through set risk limits based on modeled losses from certain terrorism attack scenarios, the purchase of reinsurance, and the reliance on government-sponsored terrorism reinsurance programs. in the u.s., certain protections of our terrorism exposure are provided through the terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act of 2019 (tripra). in 2022, tripra covers 80 percent of insured losses above a deductible, estimated to be approximately $3.0 billion. refer to "global property catastrophe reinsurance program" for information on our reinsurance protection purchased. at our largest exposure location in the u.s., our maximum modeled losses from a 10-ton truck-bomb explosion are estimated to be $1.9 billion pre-tax based on the exposures, net of reinsurance and tripra as of december 31, 2022.
cyber insurance while frequency and severity trends are being managed through long-standing underwriting strategies, the potential catastrophe risk that aggregation of cyber exposures presents to insurers is unique and unprecedented. in contrast with natural catastrophe risks, catastrophic cyber event scenarios are not bound by time or geography. further, catastrophic cyber perils do not have well-established definitions or fundamental physical properties. for these reasons, catastrophic cyber events have the inherent potential for significant economic loss. although cyber risk does not represent a material component of our net premiums written and we engage in significant risk mitigation through our underwriting and use of reinsurance, we are exposed to material losses in the event of a systemic cyber-attack.
financial risk the consequences of adverse global or regional market and economic conditions may affect our investment portfolio. our investment portfolio is subject to credit or default risk and may also be less liquid in times of economic weakness or market disruptions. our investments are subject to market risks and risks inherent in individual securities. our investment performance is highly sensitive to many factors, including interest rates, inflation, monetary and fiscal policies, and domestic and international political conditions. the volatility of our losses may force us to liquidate securities, which may cause us to incur capital losses. realized and unrealized losses in our investment portfolio would reduce our book value, and if significant, can affect our ability to conduct business.
moreover, we have substantial exposure to insurance products which are sensitive to certain system-wide financial conditions, such as our financial lines, surety, political risk, involuntary loss of employment (outside u.s.), and trade credit products. these products tend to be characterized by infrequent but potentially high severity losses. the majority of our exposure in these products may be impacted by an adverse economic climate such as an economic recession or depression. if the financial condition of these insureds were adversely affected by the economy or otherwise, we may experience an increase in filed claims and may incur high severity losses, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. we monitor credit exposures to single counterparties and to sectors of interest from sources across our operations (e.g. investments, insurance products, reinsurance recoverable, bank deposits, letters of credit) and establish guidelines for credit risk exposure at the counterparty level. our net income may be volatile because certain variable annuity reinsurance products sold expose us to reserve and fair value liability changes that are directly affected by market and other factors and assumptions.
pandemic an outbreak of pandemic disease, such as the covid-19 pandemic, could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations. the vast majority of our property and liability coverages do not provide coverage for pandemic claims. however, we are subject to the potential of aggregation of loss from coverages provided in our life, a&h, and workers' compensation portfolios. we assess our direct pandemic exposure using stress scenarios that consider mortality, morbidity, and other causes of insured loss such as trip cancellation. our assessment also incorporates the impact of a severe economic downturn which, as stated above under financial risk, includes an adverse impact to our investment portfolio and to our insurance products sensitive to certain system-wide financial conditions.
global property catastrophe reinsurance program chubb's core property catastrophe reinsurance program provides protection against natural catastrophes impacting its primary property operations (i.e., excluding our global reinsurance and life insurance segments).
we regularly review our reinsurance protection and corresponding property catastrophe exposures. this may or may not lead to the purchase of additional reinsurance prior to a program's renewal date. in addition, prior to each renewal date, we consider how much, if any, coverage we intend to buy and we may make material changes to the current structure in light of various factors, including modeled pml assessment at various return periods, reinsurance pricing, our risk tolerance and exposures, and various other structuring considerations.
chubb renewed its global property catastrophe reinsurance program for our north american and international operations effective april 1, 2022, through march 31, 2023, with no material changes in coverage to the expired program. the program consists of three layers in excess of losses retained by chubb on a per occurrence basis. in addition, chubb renewed its terrorism coverage (excluding nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation coverage, with an inclusion of coverage for biological and chemical coverage for personal lines) for the united states from april 1, 2022, through march 31, 2023, with the same limits and retention and percentage placed except that the majority of terrorism coverage is on an aggregate basis above our retentions without a reinstatement.
loss location                                              layer of loss   comments                               notes united states                                  $0 million - $1.0 billion   losses retained by chubb               (a)
(excluding alaska and hawaii)
united states                                $1.0 billion -$1.15 billion   all natural perils and terrorism       (b)
(excluding alaska and hawaii)
united states                               $1.15 billion -$2.25 billion   all natural perils and terrorism       (c)
(excluding alaska and hawaii)
united states                                $2.25 billion -$3.5 billion   all natural perils and terrorism       (d)
(excluding alaska and hawaii)
international                                   $0 million -$175 million   losses retained by chubb               (a)
(including alaska and hawaii)
international                               $175 million -$1.275 billion   all natural perils and terrorism       (c)
(including alaska and hawaii)
alaska, hawaii, and canada               $1.275 billion - $2.525 billion   all natural perils and terrorism       (d)
(a) ultimate retention will depend upon the nature of the loss and the interplay between the underlying per risk programs and certain other catastrophe programs purchased by individual business units. these other catastrophe programs have the potential to reduce our effective retention below the stated levels.
(b) these coverages are partially placed with reinsurers.
(c) these coverages are both part of the same second layer within the global property catastrophe reinsurance program and are fully placed with reinsurers.
(d) these coverages are both part of the same third layer within the global property catastrophe reinsurance program and are fully placed with reinsurers.
political risk and credit insurance political risk insurance is a specialized coverage that provides clients with protection against unexpected, catastrophic political or macroeconomic events, primarily in emerging markets. we participate in this market through our bermuda based wholly-owned subsidiary sovereign risk insurance ltd. (sovereign), and through a unit of our london-based cgm operation. chubb is one of the world's leading underwriters of political risk and credit insurance, has a global portfolio spread across more than 150 countries and is also a member of the berne union. our clients include financial institutions, national export credit agencies, leading multilateral agencies, private equity firms and multinational corporations. cgm writes political risk and credit insurance business out of underwriting offices in london, united kingdom; hamburg, germany; sao paulo, brazil; singapore; tokyo, japan; and in the u.s. in the following locations: chicago, new york, los angeles and washington, d.c.
our political risk insurance products provide protection to commercial lenders against defaults on cross border loans, cover investors against equity losses, and protect exporters against defaults on contracts. commercial lenders, our largest client segment, are covered for missed scheduled loan repayments due to acts of confiscation, expropriation or nationalization by the host government, currency inconvertibility or exchange transfer restrictions, or war or other acts of political violence. in addition, in the case of loans to government-owned entities or loans that have a government guarantee, political risk policies cover scheduled payments against risks of non-payment or non-honoring of government guarantees. private equity investors and corporations cover their equity investments against financial losses, such as expropriatory events, inability to repatriate dividends, and physical damage to their operations caused by covered political risk events. our export contracts product provides coverage for both exporters and their financing banks against the risk of contract frustration due to government actions, including non-payment by governmental entities.
cgm's credit insurance businesses cover losses due to insolvency, protracted default, and political risk perils including export and license cancellation. our credit insurance product provides coverage to larger companies that have sophisticated credit risk management systems, with exposure to multiple customers and that have the ability to self-insure losses up to a certain level through excess of loss coverage. it also provides coverage to trade finance banks, exporters, and trading companies, with exposure to trade-related financing instruments. cgm also has limited capacity for specialist credit insurance products which provide coverage for project finance and working capital loans for large corporations and banks.
we have implemented structural features in our policies in order to control potential losses within the political risk and credit insurance businesses. these include basic loss sharing features such as co-insurance and deductibles and, in the case of trade credit, the use of non-qualifying losses that drop smaller exposures deemed too difficult to assess. ultimate loss severity is also limited by using waiting periods to enable the insurer and insured to mitigate losses and to agree on recovery strategies if a claim does materialize. we have the option to pay claims over the original loan repayment schedule, rather than in a lump sum, in order to provide insureds and the insurer additional time to remedy problems and work towards full recoveries. it is important to note that political risk and credit policies are named peril conditional insurance contracts, not financial guarantees, and claims are only paid after conditions and warranties are fulfilled. political risk and credit insurance policies do not cover currency devaluations, bond defaults, movements in overseas equity markets, transactions deemed illegal, situations where corruption or misrepresentation has occurred, or debt that is not legally enforceable. in addition to assessing and mitigating potential exposure on a policy-by-policy basis, we also have specific risk management measures in place to manage overall exposure and risk. these measures include placing country, credit, and individual transaction limits based on country risk and credit ratings, combined single loss limits on multi-country policies, the use of quota share and excess of loss reinsurance protection as well as quarterly modeling and stress-testing of the portfolio. we have a dedicated country and credit risk management team that is responsible for the portfolio.
crop insurance we are, and have been since the 1980s, one of the leading writers of crop insurance in the u.s. and have conducted that business through a managing general agent subsidiary of rain and hail. we provide protection throughout the u.s. on a variety of crops and are therefore geographically diversified, which reduces the risk of exposure to a single event or a heavy accumulation of losses in any one region. given its concentration of risk exposed to temperature, moisture, drought, hail and the more frequent and severe storms associated with climate change, crop insurance is a business with catastrophe-like features. our crop insurance business comprises two components - multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) and crop-hail insurance.
the mpci program, offered in conjunction with the u.s. department of agriculture's risk management agency (rma), is a federal subsidized insurance program that covers revenue shortfalls or production losses due to natural causes such as drought, excessive moisture, hail, wind, freeze, insects, and disease. these revenue products are defined as providing both commodity price and yield coverages. policies are available for various crops in different areas of the u.s. and generally have deductibles ranging from 10 percent to 50 percent of the insured's risk. the usda's risk management agency (rma) sets the policy terms and conditions, rates and forms, and is also responsible for setting compliance standards. as a participant in the mpci program, we report all details of policies to the rma and are party to a standard reinsurance agreement (sra). the sra sets out the relationship between private insurance companies and the federal crop insurance corporation (fcic) concerning the terms and conditions regarding the risks each will bear including the pro-rata and state stop-loss provisions, which allows companies to limit the exposure of any one state or group of states on their underwriting results. in addition to the pro-rata and excess of loss reinsurance protections inherent in the sra, we purchase third-party proportional and stop-loss reinsurance for our mpci business to reduce our exposure. we may also enter into crop derivative contracts to further manage our risk exposure.
each year the rma issues a final sra for the subsequent reinsurance year (i.e., the 2023 sra covers the 2023 reinsurance year from july 1, 2022 through june 30, 2023). there were no significant changes in the terms and conditions from the 2022 sra and therefore, the new sra does not impact chubb's outlook on the crop program relative to 2023.
we recognize net premiums written as soon as estimable on our mpci business, which is generally when we receive acreage reports from the policyholders on the various crops throughout the u.s. this allows us to best determine the premium associated with the liability that is being planted. the mpci program has specific timeframes as to when producers must report acreage to us and in certain cases, the reporting occurs after the close of the respective reinsurance year. once the net premium written has been recorded, the premium is then earned over the growing season for the crops. a majority of the crops that are covered in the program are typically subject to the sra in effect at the beginning of the year. given the major crops covered in the program, we typically see a substantial written and earned premium impact in the second and third quarters.
the pricing of mpci premium is determined using a number of factors including commodity prices and related volatility (i.e., both impact the amount of premium we can charge to the policyholder). for example, in most states, the pricing for the mpci revenue product for corn (i.e., insurance coverage for lower than expected crop revenue in a given season) includes a factor based on the average commodity price in february. if corn commodity prices are higher in february, compared to the february price in the prior year, and all other factors are the same, the increase in price will increase the corn premium year-over-year. pricing is also impacted by volatility factors, which measure the likelihood commodity prices will fluctuate over the crop year. for example, if volatility is set at a higher rate compared to the prior year, and all other factors are the same, the premium charged to the policyholder will be higher year-over-year for the same level of coverage.
losses incurred on the mpci business are determined using both commodity price and crop yield. with respect to commodity price, there are two important periods on a large portion of the business: the month of february when the initial premium base is set, and the month of october when the final harvest price is set. if the price declines from february to october, with yield remaining at normal levels, the policyholder may be eligible to recover on the policy. however, in most cases there are deductibles on these policies, therefore, the impact of a decline in price would have to exceed the deductible before a policyholder would be eligible to recover.
we evaluate our mpci business at an aggregate level and the combination of all of our insured crops (both winter and summer) go into our underwriting gain or loss estimate in any given year. typically, we do not have enough information on the harvest prices or crop yield outputs to quantify the preliminary estimated impact to our underwriting results until the fourth quarter.
our crop-hail program is a private offering. premium is earned on the crop-hail program over the coverage period of the policy. given the very short nature of the growing season, most crop-hail business is typically written in the second and third quarters and the recognition of earned premium is also more heavily concentrated during this timeframe. we use industry data to develop our own rates and forms for the coverage offered. the policy primarily protects farmers against yield reduction caused by hail and/or fire, and related costs such as transit to storage. we offer various deductibles to allow the grower to partially self-insure for a reduced premium cost. we limit our crop-hail exposures through the use of township liability limits and third-party reinsurance on our net retained hail business.
liquidity liquidity is a measure of a company's ability to generate cash flows sufficient to meet short-term and long-term cash requirements. as a holding company, chubb limited possesses assets that consist primarily of the stock of its subsidiaries and other investments. in addition to net investment income, chubb limited's cash flows depend primarily on dividends and other statutorily permissible payments. historically, dividends and other statutorily permitted payments have come primarily from chubb's bermuda-based operating subsidiaries, which we refer to as our bermuda subsidiaries. our consolidated sources of funds consist primarily of net premiums written, fees, net investment income, and proceeds from sales and maturities of investments. funds are used at our various companies primarily to pay claims, operating expenses, and dividends; to service debt; to purchase investments; and to fund acquisitions.
we anticipate that positive cash flows from operations (underwriting activities and investment income) should be sufficient to cover cash outflows under most loss scenarios for the near term. should the need arise, we generally have access to capital markets and available credit facilities. refer to "credit facilities" below for additional information. our access to funds under the existing credit facility is dependent on the ability of the bank that is a party to the facility to meet its funding commitments. should our existing credit provider experience financial difficulty, we may be required to replace credit sources, possibly in a difficult market. if we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. to date, we have not experienced difficulty accessing our credit facility or establishing additional facilities when needed.
to further ensure the sufficiency of funds to settle unforeseen claims, we hold certain invested assets in cash and short-term investments. in addition, for certain insurance, reinsurance, or deposit contracts that tend to have relatively large and reasonably predictable cash outflows, we attempt to establish dedicated portfolios of assets that are duration-matched with the related liabilities. with respect to the duration of our overall investment portfolio, we manage asset durations to both maximize return given current market conditions and provide sufficient liquidity to cover future loss payments. at december 31, 2022, the average duration of our fixed maturities (4.5 years) approximates the average expected duration of our insurance liabilities (4.0 years).
despite our safeguards, if paid losses accelerate beyond our ability to fund such paid losses from current operating cash flows, we might need to either liquidate a portion of our investment portfolio or arrange for financing. potential events causing such a liquidity strain could include several significant catastrophes occurring in a relatively short period of time, large uncollectible reinsurance recoverables on paid losses (as a result of coverage disputes, reinsurers' credit problems, or decreases in the value of collateral supporting reinsurance recoverables) or increases in collateral postings under our variable annuity reinsurance business. because each subsidiary focuses on a more limited number of specific product lines than is collectively available from the chubb group of companies, the mix of business tends to be less diverse at the subsidiary level. as a result, the probability of a liquidity strain, as described above, may be greater for individual subsidiaries than when liquidity is assessed on a consolidated basis. if such a liquidity strain were to occur in a subsidiary, we could be required to liquidate a portion of our investments, potentially at distressed prices, as well as be required to contribute capital to the particular subsidiary and/or curtail dividends from the subsidiary to support holding company operations.
the payment of dividends or other statutorily permissible distributions from our operating companies are subject to the laws and regulations applicable to each jurisdiction, as well as the need to maintain capital levels adequate to support the insurance and reinsurance operations, including financial strength ratings issued by independent rating agencies. during 2022, we were able to meet all our obligations, including the payments of dividends on our common shares, with our net cash flows.
we assess which subsidiaries to draw dividends from based on a number of factors. considerations such as regulatory and legal restrictions as well as the subsidiary's financial condition are paramount to the dividend decision. chubb limited received dividends of $7.5 billion and $3.7 billion from its bermuda subsidiaries in 2022 and 2021, respectively. chubb limited received cash dividends of $32 million and $21 million and non-cash dividends of $348 million and $916 million from a swiss subsidiary in 2022 and 2021, respectively. chubb limited also received dividends of $134 million from its other international subsidiary in 2022.
the u.s. insurance subsidiaries of chubb ina holdings inc. (chubb ina) may pay dividends, without prior regulatory approval, subject to restrictions set out in state law of the subsidiary's domicile (or, if applicable, commercial domicile). chubb ina's international subsidiaries are also subject to insurance laws and regulations particular to the countries in which the subsidiaries operate. these laws and regulations sometimes include restrictions that limit the amount of dividends payable without prior approval of regulatory insurance authorities. chubb limited received no dividends from chubb ina in 2022 and 2021. debt issued by chubb ina is serviced by statutorily permissible distributions by chubb ina's insurance subsidiaries to chubb ina as well as other group resources. chubb ina received dividends of $2.0 billion and $2.3 billion from its subsidiaries in 2022 and 2021, respectively. at december 31, 2022, the amount of dividends available to be paid to chubb ina in 2023 from its subsidiaries without prior approval of insurance regulatory authorities totals $3.1 billion.
cash flows our insurance and reinsurance operations provide liquidity in that premiums are received in advance, sometimes substantially in advance, of the time claims are paid. generally, cash flows are affected by claim payments that, due to the nature of our operations, may comprise large loss payments on a limited number of claims and which can fluctuate significantly from period to period. the irregular timing of these loss payments can create significant variations in cash flows from operations between periods. for additional information regarding estimates of future claim payments over the next twelve months, refer to our discussion of cash requirements within "capital resources". sources of liquidity include cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements. the following is a discussion of our cash flows for 2022, 2021, and 2020.
operating cash flows reflect net income for each period, adjusted for non-cash items and changes in working capital. operating cash flows were $11.2 billion in 2022, compared to $11.1 billion and $9.8 billion in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
cash used for investing was $5.7 billion in 2022, compared to $6.7 billion and $7.5 billion in 2021 and 2020, respectively. cash used for investing in 2022 was primarily due to cash paid for the purchase of cigna's business in asia of $5.0 billion, net of cash acquired. excluding this, cash used for investing was lower by $6.0 billion compared to 2021, primarily from cash received from net sales of equity securities and fixed maturities of $1.8 billion compared to net purchases of $3.9 billion, primarily in fixed maturities. in addition, cash used for the acquisitions of huatai group ownership interest was lower by $1.0 billion, partially offset by higher private equity contributions, net of distributions received, of $582 million in 2022 compared to 2021.
cash used for financing was $5.1 billion in 2022, compared to $4.4 billion and $2.1 billion in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the increase of $718 million in 2022 compared to 2021 is principally from repayment of long-term debt of $1.0 billion in the current year, compared to proceeds of $1.6 billion in the prior year, partially offset by lower common shares repurchased of $2.0 billion in 2022. refer to note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on share repurchases.
both internal and external forces influence our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. claim settlements, premium levels, and investment returns may be impacted by changing rates of inflation and other economic conditions. in many cases, significant periods of time, ranging up to several years or more, may lapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the reporting of the loss to us, and the settlement of the liability for that loss.
we use repurchase agreements as a low-cost funding alternative. at december 31, 2022, there were $1.4 billion in repurchase agreements outstanding with various maturities over the next two months.
in addition to cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements, we have agreements with a third-party bank provider which implemented two international multi-currency notional cash pooling programs to enhance cash management efficiency during periods of short-term timing mismatches between expected inflows and outflows of cash by currency. the programs allow us to optimize investment income by avoiding portfolio disruption. in each program, participating chubb entities establish deposit accounts in different currencies with the bank provider. each day the credit or debit balances in every account are notionally translated into a single currency (u.s. dollars) and then notionally pooled. the bank extends overdraft credit to all participating chubb entities as needed, provided that the overall notionally pooled balance of all accounts in each pool at the end of each day is at least zero. actual cash balances are not physically converted and are not commingled between legal entities. chubb entities may incur overdraft balances as a means to address short-term liquidity needs. any overdraft balances incurred under this program by a chubb entity would be guaranteed by chubb limited (up to $300 million in the aggregate). our syndicated letter of credit facility allows for same day drawings to fund a net pool overdraft should participating chubb entities withdraw contributed funds from the pool.
capital resources capital resources consist of funds deployed or available to be deployed to support our business operations.
december 31                december 31
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)                                             2022                       2021
short-term debt                                                                             $475                       $999
long-term debt                                                                            14,402                     15,169
trust preferred securities                                                                   308                        308
total shareholders' equity                                                                50,540                     59,714
total capitalization                                                                     $65,725                    $76,190
ratio of financial debt to total capitalization                                             22.6     %                 21.2     %
ratio of financial debt plus trust preferred securities to total capitalization             23.1     %                 21.6     %
the ratios of financial debt to total capitalization in the table above are higher at december 31, 2022 compared to december 31, 2021 from the decline in shareholders' equity, principally reflecting net unrealized depreciation on investments in the current year compared to net unrealized appreciation in 2021.
repurchase agreements are excluded from the table above and are disclosed separately from short-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets. the repurchase agreements are collateralized borrowings where we maintain the right and ability to redeem the collateral on short notice, unlike short-term debt which comprises the current maturities of our long-term debt instruments.
chubb ina's $1.0 billion of 2.875 percent senior notes due november 2022 was paid upon maturity. refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for details about the debt issued and debt redeemed.
we believe our financial strength provides us with the flexibility and capacity to obtain available funds externally through debt or equity financing on both a short-term and long-term basis. our ability to access the capital markets is dependent on, among other things, market conditions and our perceived financial strength. we have accessed both the debt and equity markets from time to time. we generally maintain the ability to issue certain classes of debt and equity securities via an unlimited securities and exchange commission (sec) shelf registration which is renewed every three years. this allows us capital market access for refinancing as well as for unforeseen or opportunistic capital needs. in october 2021, we filed a new shelf registration statement which allows us to issue an unlimited amount of certain classes of debt and equity from time to time, replacing the shelf registration statement that was filed in october 2018. this new shelf registration statement expires in october 2024.
securities repurchases from time to time, we repurchase shares as part of our capital management program. on july 19, 2021, the board authorized a one-time incremental share repurchase program of up to $5.0 billion of chubb common shares effective through june 30, 2022. in may 2022, the board authorized the repurchase of up to $2.5 billion of chubb common shares effective through june 30, 2023, which is the only board authorization currently in effect.
share repurchases may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, block trades, accelerated repurchases and/or through option or other forward transactions. in 2022, 2021, and 2020 we repurchased $3.0 billion, $4.9 billion, and $516 million, respectively, of common shares in a series of open market transactions under the board share repurchase authorizations at an average per share price of $201.96, $175.85, and $143.91, respectively. for the period january 1, 2023 through february 23, 2023, we repurchased 1,633,300 common shares for a total of $347 million in a series of open market transactions under the share repurchase program authorization. at february 23, 2023, $1.3 billion in share repurchase authorization remained through june 30, 2023.
common shares our common shares had a par value of chf 24.15 each at december 31, 2022.
as of december 31, 2022, there were 31,781,758 common shares in treasury with a weighted-average cost of $160.88 per share.
under swiss law, dividends must be stated in swiss francs though dividend payments are made by chubb in u.s. dollars.
at our may 2022 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved an annual dividend for the following year of up to $3.32 per share, expected to be paid in four quarterly installments of $0.83 per share after the annual general meeting by way of distribution from capital contribution reserves, transferred to free reserves for payment. the board will determine the record and payment dates at which the annual dividend may be paid until the date of the 2023 annual general meeting, and is authorized to abstain from distributing a dividend at its discretion. the first three quarterly installments each of $0.83 per share, have been distributed by the board as expected.
at our may 2021 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved an annual dividend for the following year of up to $3.20 per share, which was paid in four quarterly installments of $0.80 per share at dates determined by the board after the annual general meeting by way of distribution from capital contribution reserves, transferred to free reserves for payment.
dividend distributions on common shares amounted to chf 3.11 ($3.29) per share for the year ended december 31, 2022. refer to note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our dividends.
cash requirements our cash requirements within the next twelve months include claims payable to claimants and other routine obligations typical to our business. we also have commitments related to our limited partnerships as well as for the incremental ownership interests in huatai group. we expect the cash required to meet these obligations to be primarily generated through a combination of cash on hand, cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements. we believe these sources will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for at least the next twelve months, while maintaining sufficient liquidity for normal operating purposes. we believe our financial strength provides us with the flexibility and capacity to obtain available funds externally through debt or equity financing on both a short-term and long-term basis, if necessary. at december 31, 2022, our long-term cash requirements under our various contractual obligations and commitments include:
gross loss payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts - we are obligated to pay claims under insurance and reinsurance contracts for specified loss events covered under those contracts. total cash requirements are not determinable from underlying contracts and must be estimated. gross loss payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts are estimated at $76.4 billion with $21.7 billion estimated due over the next twelve months. these estimated gross loss payments are inherently uncertain and the amount and timing of actual loss payments are likely to differ from these estimates and the differences could be material. given the numerous factors and assumptions involved in both estimates of loss reserves and related estimates as to the timing of future loss payments, differences between actual and estimated loss payments will not necessarily indicate a commensurate change in ultimate loss estimates. refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
estimated payments for future policy benefits and glb - total estimated payments for future policy benefits and glb are estimated at $35.9 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, with a total $2.5 billion estimated due over the next twelve months. these estimated payments, which are not determinable from the contracts, are gross of fees or premiums from the underlying contracts. these estimated payments are higher than the future policy benefits reserves and glb liability presented on our consolidated balance sheets which are discounted and are reflected net of fees and premiums due from the underlying contracts. the timing and amount of actual payments may vary from the estimates. refer to note 1 j) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
short-term and long-term debt, trust preferred securities, and related interest payments - total obligations for short-term and long-term debt and trust preferred securities maturities are $15.0 billion with $0.5 billion due in march 2023. interest payments related to these obligations total $6.6 billion with $0.5 billion due over the next twelve months. these estimates are based on current exchange rates. refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
commitments on invested assets - total obligations for commitments related to our invested assets are $8.2 billion with $1.7 billion due over the next twelve months. refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
pending acquisition - cash requirements for pending incremental shares in huatai group are approximately $0.8 billion, based on current exchange rates, expected to be paid over the next twelve months. the timing of completion is contingent upon important conditions. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
deposit liabilities - total obligations for deposit liabilities, including contract holder deposit funds, are $2.6 billion with $102 million due over the next twelve months. refer to note 1 l) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
repurchase agreements - we use repurchase agreements as a low-cost funding alternative. at december 31, 2022, there were $1.4 billion in repurchase agreements outstanding with various maturities over the next two months. refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
operating leases - total obligations for operating leases are $754 million with $160 million estimated due over the next twelve months. refer to note 10 j) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. as of december 31, 2022, we entered into two separate leases for office space that are not yet recorded on our consolidated balance sheets and are not included in the total obligations referenced above. the leases are expected to commence in 2023 and 2025 with initial terms of approximately 21 years and 23 years, respectively. total cash requirements are estimated at approximately $1.2 billion over the terms of these two leases.
ratings chubb limited and its subsidiaries are assigned credit and financial strength (insurance) ratings from internationally recognized rating agencies, including s&p, a.m. best, moody's, and fitch. the ratings issued on our companies by these agencies are announced publicly and are available directly from the agencies. our internet site (investors.chubb.com, under financials/financial strength rating) also contains some information about our ratings, but such information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report.
financial strength ratings reflect the rating agencies' opinions of a company's claims paying ability. independent ratings are one of the important factors that establish our competitive position in the insurance markets. the rating agencies consider many factors in determining the financial strength rating of an insurance company, including the relative level of statutory surplus necessary to support the business operations of the company. these ratings are based upon factors relevant to policyholders, agents, and intermediaries and are not directed toward the protection of investors. such ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities.
credit ratings assess a company's ability to make timely payments of principal and interest on its debt. it is possible that, in the future, one or more of the rating agencies may reduce our existing ratings. if one or more of our ratings were downgraded, we could incur higher borrowing costs, and our ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. in addition, our insurance and reinsurance operations could be adversely impacted by a downgrade in our financial strength ratings, including a possible reduction in demand for our products in certain markets. also, we have insurance and reinsurance contracts which contain rating triggers. in the event the s&p or a.m. best financial strength ratings of chubb fall, we may be faced with the cancellation of premium or be required to post collateral on our underlying obligation associated with this premium.
information provided in connection with outstanding debt of subsidiaries chubb ina holdings inc. (subsidiary issuer) is an indirect 100 percent-owned and consolidated subsidiary of chubb limited (parent guarantor). the parent guarantor fully and unconditionally guarantees certain of the debt of the subsidiary issuer.
the following table presents the condensed balance sheets of chubb limited and chubb ina holdings inc., after elimination of investment in any non-guarantor subsidiary:
chubb limited                                     chubb ina holdings inc.
(parent guarantor)                                         (subsidiary issuer)
december 31                                                 december 31
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                           2022                        2021                          2022                          2021
assets investments                                                           $-                          $-                          $135                          $149
cash                                                                  40                           1                             2                           580
due from parent guarantor/subsidiary issuer                            2                           2                           586                           348
due from subsidiaries that are not issuers or guarantors           1,791                       1,805                           598                           526
other assets                                                          16                          16                         2,264                         1,667
total assets                                                      $1,849                      $1,824                        $3,585                        $3,270
liabilities due to parent guarantor/subsidiary issuer                           $586                        $348                            $2                            $2
due to subsidiaries that are not issuers or guarantors               248                         241                         1,710                         1,647
affiliated notional cash pooling programs                            252                           8                         1,496                             -
short-term debt                                                        -                           -                           475                           999
long-term debt                                                         -                           -                        14,402                        15,169
trust preferred securities                                             -                           -                           308                           308
other liabilities                                                    616                         363                         1,305                         1,803
total liabilities                                                  1,702                         960                        19,698                        19,928
total shareholders' equity                                           147                         864                      (16,113)                      (16,658)
total liabilities and shareholders' equity                        $1,849                      $1,824                        $3,585                        $3,270
the following table presents the condensed statements of operations and comprehensive income of chubb limited and chubb ina holdings inc., excluding equity in earnings from non-guarantor subsidiaries:
year ended december 31, 2022                            chubb limited                chubb ina holdings inc.
(parent guarantor)                    (subsidiary issuer)
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
net investment income (loss)               $1                                                $(12)
net realized gains (loss)                  29                                                  111
administrative expenses                   113                                                 (86)
interest (income) expense                (53)                                                  531
other (income) expense                   (48)                                                   79
cigna integration expenses                 10                                                    1
income tax expense (benefit)               18                                                (701)
net income (loss)                       $(10)                                                 $275
comprehensive income (loss)             $(10)                                                  $67
credit facilities as our bermuda subsidiaries are non-admitted insurers and reinsurers in the u.s., the terms of certain u.s. insurance and reinsurance contracts require them to provide collateral, which can be in the form of letters of credit (locs). locs may also be used for general corporate purposes.
should the need arise, we generally have access to capital markets and to credit facilities. in october 2022, we consolidated three syndicated facilities into a new group syndicated credit facility with increased capacity expiring in october 2027. our letter of credit capacity for the new and existing facilities is $4.0 billion, $3.0 billion of which can be used for revolving credit. at december 31, 2022, our usage under these facilities was $1.4 billion in locs. our access to credit under these facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are a party to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. should the existing credit providers on these facilities experience financial difficulty, we may be required to replace credit sources, possibly in a difficult market. if we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. to date, we have not experienced difficulty accessing our credit facilities or establishing additional facilities when needed.
in the event we are required to provide alternative security to clients, the security could take the form of additional insurance trusts supported by our investment portfolio or funds withheld using our cash resources. the value of locs required is driven by, among other things, statutory liabilities reported by variable annuity guarantee reinsurance clients, loss development of existing reserves, the payment pattern of such reserves, the expansion of business, and loss experience of such business.
the facilities noted above require that we maintain certain financial covenants, all of which have been met at december 31, 2022. these covenants include:
(i)a minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $41.959 billion; and
(ii)a ratio of consolidated debt to total capitalization of not greater than 0.35 to 1.
at december 31, 2022, (a) the minimum consolidated net worth requirement under the covenant described in (i) above was $41.959 billion and our actual consolidated net worth as calculated under that covenant was $60.7 billion and (b) our ratio of debt to total capitalization, as calculated under the covenant which excludes the fair value adjustment of debt acquired through the chubb corp acquisition, was 0.22 to 1, which is below the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 0.35 to 1 as described in (ii) above.
our failure to comply with the covenants under any credit facility would, subject to grace periods in the case of certain covenants, result in an event of default. this could require us to repay any outstanding borrowings or to cash collateralize locs under such facility. our failure to repay material financial obligations, as well as our failure with respect to certain other events expressly identified, would result in an event of default under the facility.