item 1a: risk factors risks related to our business, industry and operations our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively.
all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven, rapidly changing environments. we compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, sports, news and information content to consumers. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against our competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect on our businesses.
below is a summary of our most significant sources of competition; for a more detailed description of the competition facing our businesses, see item 1: business and refer to the "competition" discussion within that section.
•cable communications' and sky's broadband services compete primarily against wireline telecommunications companies, including many that are increasing deployment of fiber-based networks, wireless telecommunications companies offering internet services (using a variety of technologies, including 4g and 5g wireless broadband services and 5g fixed wireless networks), certain electric cooperatives and municipalities in the united states that own and operate their own broadband networks and dbs and newer satellite broadband providers. broadband-deployment funding initiatives at the federal and state level, including as part of the america rescue plan act of 2021, may result in other service providers deploying new subsidized internet access networks within our footprint, and in cases where we agree to receive subsidies, may impose constraints on how we conduct our businesses in certain areas. competition for video services offered by cable communications and sky consists primarily of dtc streaming and other ott service providers, dbs providers and telecommunications companies. our voice and wireless services primarily compete with wireless and wireline telecommunications providers. many of our competitors offer bundled products and services with favorable pricing to customers, which has increased competition.
•nbcuniversal and sky face substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of entertainment, sports, news and information content, as well as from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. nbcuniversal and sky must compete to obtain talent, popular content (including sports programming) and other resources required to successfully operate their businesses. this competition has intensified as dtc streaming and other ott service providers develop high-quality programming and acquire live sports programming rights to attract viewers.
consolidation of, or cooperation between, our competitors, including suppliers and distributors of content, may increase competition in all of these areas, as may the emergence of additional competitors with significant resources, greater efficiencies of scale, fewer regulatory burdens and more competitive pricing and packaging, that are competing with our businesses in all forms of content distribution and production. for example, such consolidation or cooperation may allow competitors to offer free or lower cost streaming services, potentially on an exclusive basis, through unlimited data-usage plans for internet or wireless phone services.
the ability of our businesses to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors and government authorities. in addition, our ability to compete will be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience.
changes in consumer behavior continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models.
distribution platforms for viewing and purchasing content have been, and will likely continue to be, developed that further increase the number of competitors that all our businesses face and challenge existing business models. as consumers increasingly turn to dtc streaming and other ott services, the number of cable communications' video customers and amount of subscriber fees paid to nbcuniversal's television networks decrease, even as cable communications' broadband services have become more important to consumers. dtc streaming and other ott services have driven, and will continue to drive, changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and access communications services, and how much they pay for such content.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k cable communications continues to experience accelerated net losses in its video and voice customers. for example, in europe, more of sky's new video customers have recently subscribed, and may continue to subscribe, to now, sky's dtc streaming service, instead of its traditional dth video service. although we have attempted to adapt our video service offerings, enhance our broadband services for changing consumer behaviors, and offer new programming, such as peacock, the continuing trend of content owners delivering their content directly to consumers rather than through, or in addition to, traditional video distribution channels continues to disrupt traditional distribution business models.
the increase in dtc streaming and other ott service providers, as well as in gaming and virtual reality products and services, also has significantly increased the number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which has intensified audience fragmentation and disaggregated the way that content traditionally has been distributed and viewed by consumers. the use of dtc streaming and other ott services reduces traditional television viewership, coupled with time-shifting technologies, such as dvr and on demand services, has caused and likely will continue to cause audience ratings declines for our television programming channels. in addition, as more programming providers offer their content directly to consumers through their own apps or platforms, they may reduce the quantity and quality of the programming they license to nbcuniversal or sky's television channels or to peacock. our results of operations may be impacted as we license our own content exclusively on our content platforms, including peacock, rather than receiving license revenue from third parties for rights to such content.
our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, and shifting business models could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations.
a decline in advertisers' expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses.
we compete for the sale of advertising time with digital media distributors, websites and search engines, other television networks and stations, as well as with all other advertising platforms, such as radio and print. we derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising, and a decline in expenditures by advertisers, including through traditional linear television distribution models, could negatively impact our results of operations. declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, increased competition for the leisure time of viewers, such as from social media and video games, audience fragmentation, increased viewing of content through dtc streaming and other ott service providers, increased use of time-shifting and advertising-blocking technologies, regulatory intervention regarding where and when advertising may be placed, or economic conditions generally. in addition, advertisers have shifted a portion of their total expenditures to digital media, and this trend may continue or accelerate. their willingness to purchase advertising from us may be adversely affected by lower audience ratings and reduced viewership, which many of nbcuniversal's networks and some of sky's television channels have experienced and likely will continue to experience, or from the level of popularity or perceived acceptance of peacock. advertising sales and rates also are dependent on the methodology used for audience measurement and could be negatively affected if methodologies do not accurately reflect actual viewership levels.
programming expenses for our video services are increasing on a per subscriber basis, which could adversely affect cable communications' video businesses.
we expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be the largest single expense item for our cable communications segment and to continue to increase on a per subscriber basis. part of cable communications' programming expenses include payments to certain local broadcast television stations in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast network programming to video services customers; we expect to continue to be subject to increasing demands for payment and other concessions from local broadcast television stations. these market factors may be exacerbated by increased consolidation in the media industry, which may further increase our programming expenses. if we are unable to offset programming cost increases through rate increases, the sale of additional services, cost management or other initiatives, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse effect on our cable communications segment's results of operations.
moreover, as our contracts with content providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms, or at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such content as part of cable communications' video services, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k nbcuniversal's and sky's success depends on consumer acceptance of their content, and their businesses may be adversely affected if their content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance.
nbcuniversal and sky create and acquire media and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that often change in unpredictable ways. the success of these businesses depends on our ability to consistently create, acquire, market and distribute television programming, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions and other content that meet the changing preferences of the broad domestic and international consumer markets. we have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content for nbcuniversal, including peacock, and sky, in our films and for new theme parks and theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which they will earn consumer acceptance. in addition, there can be no assurance that peacock will continue to grow or sustain its revenue or user base or successfully compete as a standalone dtc streaming service.
nbcuniversal and sky also obtain a significant portion of their content from third parties, such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers, sometimes on an exclusive basis. competition for popular content, particularly for sports programming, is intense, and at times, we may increase the price we are willing to pay or be outbid by our competitors for popular content. we also may be unable to license popular third-party content for nbcuniversal's and sky's television programming channels if media companies determine that licensing the content to us is not in their strategic best interests. for example, content creators have launched and may continue to launch their own dtc streaming or other ott services, forgoing license fees from us to provide their content directly to consumers, or they may license their content to our competitors on an exclusive basis.
entering into or renewing contracts for such programming rights or acquiring additional rights has in the past resulted, and may result in the future, in significantly increased costs. particularly with respect to long-term contracts for sports programming rights for nbcuniversal and sky, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, audience size, the timing and amount of rights payments, and the ability to secure distribution from, impose surcharges on, or obtain carriage on multichannel video providers or to grow and retain subscribers to our own dtc services. there can be no assurance that revenue from these contracts will exceed our costs for the rights, as well as the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. if our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms, or at all, nbcuniversal's and sky's businesses may be adversely affected.
the loss of programming distribution and licensing agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect our businesses.
nbcuniversal's cable television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain distribution agreements with traditional and virtual multichannel video providers. the number of subscribers to nbcuniversal's cable television networks has been, and likely will continue to be, reduced as a result of fewer subscribers to multichannel video providers. in addition, nbcuniversal's broadcast television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain network affiliation agreements with third-party local broadcast television stations in the markets where we do not own the affiliated local broadcast television station. our owned local broadcast television stations must elect, with respect to retransmission by certain multichannel video providers, either "must-carry" status, in which we require the provider to carry the station without paying any compensation to us, or "retransmission consent," in which we give up our right to mandatory carriage and instead seek to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage, including the amount of compensation, if any, paid to us by such provider. sky also depends on its ability to secure and maintain wholesale distribution agreements for its television channels with multichannel video providers.
for all of these types of arrangements, nbcuniversal's and sky's ability to renew agreements on favorable terms may be affected by industry consolidation and new participants entering the market for distribution of content on digital platforms. there can be no assurance that any of these agreements will be entered into or renewed in the future on acceptable terms. the inability to enter into or renew these agreements could reduce our revenues and the reach of our programming, which could adversely affect nbcuniversal's and sky's businesses.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k less favorable european telecommunications access regulations, the loss of sky's transmission access agreements with satellite or telecommunications providers or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms could adversely affect sky's businesses.
sky relies on various third-party telecommunications providers to deliver its video, broadband, voice and wireless phone services to its customers. for example, sky relies on satellite transponder capacity leased from third parties to provide most of its video services. in addition, under the current regulatory regimes in the united kingdom, ireland and italy, sky accesses networks owned by third-party telecommunications providers to offer its broadband and phone services, in many cases, on regulated terms, including price. if there is a change in regulation in these markets, the regulated terms could become less favorable. moreover, specific pricing terms of sky's wholesale fiber access are not regulated. as a result, if sky is only able to enter into or renew its transmission agreements with satellite or telecommunications operators on less favorable terms, it would adversely affect sky's ability to compete, and if it is ultimately unable to do so on commercially viable terms or if these operators were to terminate their agreements, sky may be unable to deliver certain of its services to customers in one or more of the markets in which it operates, which would adversely affect sky's businesses and results of operations.
our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others.
we rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our business operations and sell our products and services. legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, from importing into the united states or other jurisdictions in which we operate hardware or software that uses such intellectual property or from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted. we may need to change our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming, costly to defend and may divert management's attention and resources away from our businesses. moreover, if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from our vendors and other third parties on reasonable terms, our businesses could be adversely affected.
in addition, intellectual property constitutes a significant part of the value of nbcuniversal's and sky's businesses, and their success is highly dependent on protecting the intellectual property rights of the content they create or acquire against third-party misappropriation, reproduction or infringement. the unauthorized reproduction, distribution or display of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising in connection with our content, and increases our costs due to our active enforcement of our intellectual property rights.
piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier, and the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging, by technological advances that allow the conversion of programming, films and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. in particular, piracy of programming and films through unauthorized distribution platforms continues to present challenges for nbcuniversal's businesses, and certain entities may stream our broadcast television content illegally online without our consent and without paying us any compensation. it also presents similar challenges for sky's businesses, including as a result of illegal retransmission of sports events. while piracy is a challenge in the united states, it is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack developed copyright laws, effective enforcement of copyright laws and technical protective measures like those in effect in the united states. if any u.s. or international laws intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights are repealed or weakened or are not adequately enforced, or if the legal system fails to adapt to new technologies that facilitate piracy, we may be unable to effectively protect our rights, the value of our intellectual property may be negatively impacted and our costs of enforcing our rights may increase.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k we may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support.
we depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our products and services. some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. while we monitor the operations and financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could effectively mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. if any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties or any other supply chain compliance-related issues, if our demand exceeds their capacity or if they breach or terminate their agreements with us or are otherwise unable to meet our specifications or provide the equipment, products or services we need in a timely manner (or at all), or at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some products or services may be adversely affected and we may incur additional costs.
our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments.
our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. new technologies can materially impact our businesses in a number of ways, including affecting the demand for our products, the distribution methods of our products and content to our customers, the ways in which our customers can purchase and view our content and the growth of distribution platforms available to advertisers. for example, current and new wireless internet technologies (including 4g and 5g wireless broadband services and 5g fixed wireless networks) continue to evolve rapidly and may allow for greater speed and reliability for those services as compared with prior technologies. in addition, some companies and u.s. municipalities are building advanced fiber-based networks that provide very fast internet access speeds. we expect advances in communications technology to continue to occur in the future. if we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. we also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of multigigabit symmetrical speeds by leveraging our docsis 4.0 technology and the development and enhancement of various streaming platforms. there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to successfully compete in the future. we also may generate less revenue or incur increased costs if changes in our competitors' product offerings require that we offer certain services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers or that we increase our research and development expenditures.
a cyber attack, information or security breach, or technology disruption or failure may negatively impact our ability to conduct our business or result in the misuse of confidential information, all of which could adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations.
network and information systems and other technologies, including those that are related to our network management, customer service operations and programming delivery and are embedded in our products and services, are critical to our business activities. in the ordinary course of our business, there are constant attempts by third parties to cause systems-related events and security incidents and to identify and exploit vulnerabilities in security architecture and system design. these incidents include computer hackings, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks, phishing attacks, malicious social engineering, and other malicious activities. incidents also may be caused inadvertently by us or our third-party vendors, such as process breakdowns and vulnerabilities in security architecture or system design.
cyber threats and attacks are constantly evolving and are growing in sophistication and frequency, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. some cyber attacks have had, and in the future can have, cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across networks, information systems and other technologies across the world and create latent vulnerabilities in our and third-party vendors' systems and other technologies. moreover, as we also obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, and in some cases provide this information to third party vendors who agree to protect it, we face the risk that this information may become compromised through a cyber attack or data breach, misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information. due to the nature of our businesses, we may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these types of incidents occurring because we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form. we also incorporate third-party software (including extensive open-source software), applications, and data hosting and cloud-based services into many aspects of our products, services and operations, as well as rely on service providers to help us perform our business operations, all of which expose us to cyber attacks on such third-party suppliers and service providers.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k while we develop and maintain systems, and operate extensive programs that seek to prevent security incidents from occurring, these efforts are costly and must be constantly monitored and updated in the face of sophisticated and rapidly evolving attempts to overcome our security measures and protections. the occurrence of both intentional and unintentional incidents have in the past, and could in the future, cause a variety of potential adverse business impacts. these include degradation or disruption of our network, products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, disruption of the security of our internal systems, products, services or satellite transmission signals, power outages, and the compromise of confidential or technical business information or damage to our or our customers' or vendors' data, equipment and reputation. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any of the foregoing events likely would not be sufficient to fully cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for disruptions to our business that may result. in addition, any such events could lead to litigation or cause regulators in the united states and internationally to impose significant fines or other remedial measures, including with respect to relevant customer privacy rules, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our company. despite our efforts, we expect that we will continue to experience such incidents in the future, and there can be no assurance that any such incident will not have an adverse effect on our business, reputation or results of operations.
weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses.
a substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. weak economic conditions in the united states, in europe or globally could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services, including advertising, and have a negative impact on our results of operations. for example, weak economic conditions will likely impact our customers' discretionary spending and as a result, they may reduce the level of services to which they subscribe or may discontinue subscribing to one or more of our services altogether. this risk may be increased by the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as certain dtc streaming and other ott services, or substitute services for broadband and voice services, such as wireless and public wi-fi networks. weak economic conditions also negatively impact our advertising revenue, the performance of our films and home entertainment releases, and attendance and spending in our theme parks. in particular, the success of our theme parks and theatrical releases largely depends on consumer demand for out-of-home entertainment experiences, which may be limited by weakened economic conditions.
weak economic conditions and disruptions in the global financial markets may impact our ability to obtain financing or to refinance existing debt on acceptable terms, if at all, could increase the cost of our borrowings and may increase our exposure to currency fluctuations in countries where we operate. further, inflationary pressures in the united states, in europe and globally may also have negative impacts on our cost structure and pricing models and may impact the ability of third parties (including advertisers, customers, suppliers, wholesale distributors, retailers and content creators, among others) to satisfy their obligations to us.
acquisitions and other strategic initiatives present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that we had contemplated.
from time to time, we make acquisitions and investments and may pursue other strategic initiatives, such as peacock. in connection with such acquisitions and strategic initiatives, we may incur significant or unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits and synergies, have difficulty incorporating an acquired or new line of business, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant debt, divert the attention of management from our current operations, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions or initiatives. these and other circumstances could also result in the impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets. additionally, federal regulatory or antitrust agencies such as the fcc or doj or international regulators may impose restrictions on the operation of our businesses as a result of our seeking regulatory approvals for any significant acquisitions and strategic initiatives or may dissuade us from pursuing certain transactions. the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k we face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses.
we operate our businesses worldwide. there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including global financial market turmoil; economic volatility and global economic slowdown; currency exchange rate fluctuations and inflationary pressures; political risks; requirements of local laws and customs relating to the publication and distribution of content and the display and sale of advertising; import or export restrictions, tariffs, sanctions and trade regulations; difficulties in developing, staffing and managing foreign operations; issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse local labor laws and regulations; and potentially adverse tax developments. additionally, although we employ foreign currency derivative instruments to hedge certain exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risks, including the british pound, euro and japanese yen, the use of such derivative instruments may not be sufficient to mitigate exchange rate fluctuations. sky's businesses in particular are also subject to risks relating to uncertainties and effects of the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union (referred to as "brexit"), including financial, legal, tax and trade implications. in addition, doing business internationally subjects us to risks relating to political or social unrest, as well as corruption and government regulation, including u.s. laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act, that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations. moreover, foreign enforcement of laws and contractual rights in certain countries where we do business can be inconsistent and unpredictable, which may affect our ability to enforce our rights or make investments that we believe otherwise make strategic sense. if any of these events occur or our conduct does not comply with such laws and regulations, our businesses may be adversely affected.
natural disasters, severe weather and other uncontrollable events could adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations.
our services, products and properties are vulnerable to damage from the occurrence of certain events, including natural disasters, severe weather events such as hurricanes and wild fires, and a range of other unforeseeable events such as infectious disease outbreaks, including covid-19, terrorist attacks or other similar events. such events have in the past caused, and could in the future cause, a variety of adverse business impacts including degradation or disruption of our network, products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, a reduction in demand for our products, services and theme parks, disruption of our internal systems, products, services or satellite transmission signals, power outages, and damage to our or our customers' or vendors' equipment and properties. these events also may result in lost revenue and large expenditures to repair or replace damaged properties, products and services and could lead to litigation and fines, including if we inadvertently contributed to damages suffered by others. in addition, covid-19 and corresponding governmental measures to prevent its spread across the globe have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our businesses. for example, as a result of covid-19, we have at times temporarily closed our theme parks or operated them with capacity restrictions.
the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from these types of events likely would not be sufficient to fully cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for disruptions to our business that may result. we expect that we will continue to experience some or all of these events in the future, and there can be no assurance that any such event will not have an adverse effect on our business, reputation or results of operations.
the loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
we rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses. while we maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for key management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss of one or more of our key management personnel could have a negative impact on our businesses.
in addition, nbcuniversal and sky depend on the abilities and expertise of on-air and creative talent. if we fail to attract or retain on-air or creative talent, if the costs to attract or retain such talent increase materially, or if these individuals cause negative publicity or lose their current appeal, our businesses could be adversely affected.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k risks related to legal, regulatory and governance matters we are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses.
our businesses are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations, with some also subject to international laws and regulations. in particular, the communications act and fcc regulations and policies affect significant aspects of our cable communications and broadcast businesses in the united states.
legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules or regulations, or interpretations of existing statutes, rules or regulations, or prescribe new ones, any of which may significantly affect our businesses and ability to effectively compete. these legislators and regulators, along with some state attorneys general and foreign governmental authorities, have been active in conducting inquiries and reviews regarding our services. state legislative and regulatory initiatives can create a patchwork of different and/or conflicting state requirements, such as with respect to privacy and open internet/net neutrality regulations, that can affect our businesses and ability to effectively compete.
legislative and regulatory activity has increased under the biden administration, particularly with respect to broadband networks. for example, congress has approved tens of billions of dollars in new funding for broadband deployment and adoption initiatives, and may consider other proposals that address communications issues, including whether it should rewrite the entire communications act to account for changes in the communications marketplace and whether it should enact new, permanent open internet/net neutrality requirements. federal agencies likewise may consider adopting new regulations for communications services, including broadband. states and localities are also increasingly proposing new regulations impacting communications services, including broader regulation of broadband networks. any of these regulations could significantly affect our business and compliance costs. in addition, united states and foreign regulators and courts could adopt new interpretations of existing competition or antitrust laws or enact new competition or antitrust laws or regulatory tools that could negatively impact our businesses. any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses, some of which may be significant. we are unable to predict the outcome or effects of any of these potential actions or any other legislative or regulatory proposals on our businesses.
failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. any changes to the legal and regulatory framework applicable to any of our services or businesses could have an adverse impact on our businesses and results of operations. for a more extensive discussion of the significant risks associated with the regulation of our businesses, see item 1: business and refer to the "legislation and regulation" discussion within that section.
unfavorable litigation or governmental investigation results could require us to pay significant amounts or lead to onerous operating procedures.
we are subject from time to time to a number of lawsuits both in the united states and in foreign countries, including claims relating to competition, intellectual property rights (including patents), employment and labor matters, personal injury and property damage, free speech, customer privacy, regulatory requirements, advertising, marketing and selling practices, and credit and collection issues. greater constraints on the use of arbitration to resolve certain of these disputes could adversely affect our business. we also spend substantial resources complying with various regulatory and government standards, including any related investigations and litigation. we may incur significant expenses defending any such suit or government charge and may be required to pay amounts or otherwise change our operations in ways that could adversely impact our businesses, results of operations or financial condition.
labor disputes, whether involving employees or sports organizations, may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses.
many of nbcuniversal's writers, directors, actors, technical and production personnel, as well as some of our on-air and creative talent employees, are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. most of nbcuniversal's collective bargaining agreements are industry-wide agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements. if we are unable to reach agreement with a labor union before the expiration of a collective bargaining agreement, our employees who were covered by that agreement may have a right to strike or take other actions that could adversely affect us, which could disrupt our operations and reduce our revenue, and the resolution of any disputes may increase our costs. there can be no assurance that we will renew our collective bargaining agreements as they expire or that we can renew them on favorable terms or without any work stoppages.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k in addition, labor disputes in sports organizations with which we have programming rights agreements of varying scope and duration could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
our class b common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, and our chairman and ceo has considerable influence over our company through his beneficial ownership of our class b common stock.
our class b common stock has a non-dilutable 33 1/3% of the combined voting power of our class a and class b common stock. this non-dilutable voting power is subject to proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of class b common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of class b common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of at&t corp.'s cable business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. stock dividends payable on the class b common stock in the form of class b or class a common stock do not decrease the non-dilutable voting power of the class b common stock. the class b common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if they are approved by our board of directors or by our other shareholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our other shareholders. these potentially material transactions include mergers or consolidations involving us, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of class b common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into class b common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our class b common stock. brian l. roberts, our chairman and ceo, beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our class b common stock and, accordingly, has considerable influence over our company and the potential ability to transfer effective control by selling the class b common stock, which could be at a premium.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the consolidated financial statements and related notes to enhance the understanding of our operations and our present business environment. for more information about our company's operations and the risks facing our businesses, see item 1: business and item 1a: risk factors, respectively. refer to item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2021 annual report on form 10-k for management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020.
overview we are a global media and technology company with three primary businesses: comcast cable, nbcuniversal and sky. we present our operations in five reportable business segments (1) comcast cable in one reportable business segment, referred to as cable communications; (2) nbcuniversal in three reportable business segments: media, studios and theme parks (collectively, the "nbcuniversal segments"); and (3) sky in one reportable business segment.
consolidated revenue, net income attributable to comcast corporation and adjusted ebitda(a)
(in billions)
revenue        net income attributable to comcast corporation        adjusted ebitda
(a)adjusted ebitda is a financial measure that is not defined by generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"). refer to the "non-gaap financial measure" section on page 52 for additional information, including our definition and our use of adjusted ebitda, and for a reconciliation from net income attributable to comcast corporation to adjusted ebitda. revenue, net income attributable to comcast corporation and adjusted ebitda charts are not presented on the same scale.
2022 developments the following are the more significant developments in our businesses during 2022:
cable communications
•revenue increased 3.1% to $66.3 billion, reflecting increases in broadband, business services, wireless and advertising revenue, partially offset by declines in video, voice and other revenue.
•adjusted ebitda increased 4.6% to $29.4 billion primarily due to increases in revenue and decreases in programming expenses, partially offset by increases in other expenses and in technical and product support expenses.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k
•operating margin increased from 43.7% to 44.3%.
•total customer relationships increased by 75,000, total wireless lines increased by 1.3 million, total broadband customers increased by 250,000, and total video customers decreased by 2.0 million.
•capital expenditures increased 9.2% to $7.6 billion, reflecting increased spending on line extensions, scalable infrastructure, support capital and customer premise equipment.
nbcuniversal
•total nbcuniversal revenue increased 14.2% to $39.2 billion and total nbcuniversal adjusted ebitda increased 4.9% to $6.0 billion.
•media segment revenue increased 2.7% to $23.4 billion and adjusted ebitda decreased 29.7% to $3.2 billion, including the impact of our broadcasts of the beijing olympics, super bowl and fifa world cup in 2022 and the tokyo olympics in 2021. excluding $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion of revenue associated with our broadcasts of the beijing olympics, super bowl and fifa world cup in 2022 and the tokyo olympics in 2021, respectively, revenue in the media segment increased 3.0%, primarily due to increases in distribution and other revenue.
•media segment results include the operations of peacock, which in 2022 generated revenue of $2.1 billion and costs and expenses of $4.6 billion, compared to revenue of $778 million and costs and expenses of $2.5 billion in 2021. we continued to invest in content and grow our customer base during 2022.
•studios segment revenue increased 23.0% to $11.6 billion and adjusted ebitda increased 6.6% to $942 million. revenue increased due to increases in content licensing, theatrical, and home entertainment and other revenue. studios revenue included licenses of content to our media and other segments, which are eliminated in consolidation.
•theme parks segment revenue increased 49.3% to $7.5 billion and adjusted ebitda increased from $1.3 billion to $2.7 billion, reflecting improved operating conditions related to covid-19 compared to the prior year and the operations of universal beijing resort, which opened in september 2021.
sky
•revenue decreased 11.5% to $17.9 billion. excluding the impact of foreign currency, sky revenue decreased due to decreases in direct-to-consumer, content and advertising revenue.
•adjusted ebitda increased 7.0% to $2.5 billion. excluding the impact of foreign currency, sky adjusted ebitda increased due to decreases in programming and production expenses, which more than offset increases in direct network costs and other expenses and the decreases in revenue.
•we recorded goodwill and long-lived asset impairments related to our sky segment totaling $8.6 billion in connection with our 2022 annual impairment assessment. the impairments primarily reflected an increased discount rate and reduced estimated future cash flows as a result of macroeconomic conditions in sky's territories.
other
•our consolidated joint venture with charter communications, now named xumo, was formed in june 2022 to focus on developing and offering a streaming platform on a variety of devices, including xclass tv smart televisions, and also operates the xumo play streaming service.
•skyshowtime, our direct-to-consumer streaming service joint venture with paramount global, launched in select european markets beginning in september 2022 and will launch in additional european markets in 2023.
•corporate and other adjusted ebitda losses of $1.4 billion remained consistent with the prior year primarily due to increased losses from sky glass and xumo, offset by lower administrative costs.
•our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program authorization of $20 billion, effective september 13, 2022. repurchased a total of 332 million shares of our class a common stock for $13.0 billion in 2022 compared to a total of 73.2 million shares of our class a common stock for $4.0 billion in 2021. raised our dividend by $0.08 to $1.08 per share on an annualized basis in january 2022 and paid $4.7 billion of dividends in 2022.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k covid-19 has impacted our businesses in a number of ways, affecting the comparability of periods included in this report. the most significant continuing impacts have resulted from temporary restrictions and closures at our international theme parks. the continuing effects of covid-19, in addition to worsening u.s., european and global economic conditions and consumer sentiment, may adversely impact demand for our products and services, including advertising, and our results of operations over the near to medium term. in addition, changes in foreign currency exchange rates have impacted our results of operations in our sky and theme parks segments as a result of the strengthening of the u.s. dollar in 2022 compared to the prior year.
consolidated operating results year ended december 31 (in millions, except per share data)                                          2022              2021              2020             % change             % change
2021 to 2022         2020 to 2021
revenue                                                                                      $121,427          $116,385          $103,564               4.3      %          12.4      %
costs and expenses:
programming and production                                                                     38,213            38,450            33,121             (0.6)                 16.1
other operating and administrative                                                             38,263            35,619            33,109               7.4                  7.6
advertising, marketing and promotion                                                            8,506             7,695             6,741              10.5                 14.2
depreciation                                                                                    8,724             8,628             8,320               1.1                  3.7
amortization                                                                                    5,097             5,176             4,780             (1.5)                  8.3
goodwill and long-lived assets impairments                                                      8,583                 -                 -                       nm                   nm total costs and expenses                                                                      107,385            95,568            86,071              12.4                 11.0
operating income                                                                               14,041            20,817            17,493            (32.5)                 19.0
interest expense                                                                              (3,896)           (4,281)           (4,588)             (9.0)                (6.7)
investment and other income (loss), net                                                         (861)             2,557             1,160                       nm         120.4
income before income taxes                                                                      9,284            19,093            14,065            (51.4)                 35.7
income tax expense                                                                            (4,359)           (5,259)           (3,364)            (17.1)                 56.3
net income                                                                                      4,925            13,833            10,701            (64.4)                 29.3
less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                (445)             (325)               167                     36.9                   nm net income attributable to comcast corporation                                                 $5,370           $14,159           $10,534            (62.1)      %          34.4      %
basic earnings per common share attributable to comcast corporation shareholders                $1.22             $3.09             $2.30            (60.5)      %          34.3      %
diluted earnings per common share attributable to comcast corporation shareholders              $1.21             $3.04             $2.28            (60.2)      %          33.3      %
adjusted ebitda(a)                                                                            $36,459           $34,708           $30,826               5.0      %          12.6      %
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
(a)adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure. refer to the "non-gaap financial measure" section on page 52 for additional information, including our definition and our use of adjusted ebitda, and for a reconciliation from net income attributable to comcast corporation to adjusted ebitda.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k consolidated revenue the following graph illustrates the contributions to the change in consolidated revenue made by our cable communications, nbcuniversal and sky segments, as well as by corporate and other activities, including eliminations.
the primary drivers of the change in revenue from 2021 to 2022 were as follows:
•growth in our nbcuniversal segments driven by increased revenue in the theme parks, studios and media segments.
•growth in our cable communications segment driven by increased broadband, business services, wireless and advertising, partially offset by decreased video, voice and other revenue.
•growth in corporate and other revenue driven by sales of sky glass televisions, spectacor revenue and xumo revenue related to the xumo play streaming service.
•a decrease in our sky segment driven by decreased direct-to-consumer, content and advertising revenue, as well as the impact of foreign currency translation.
revenue for our segments and other businesses is discussed separately below under the heading "segment operating results."
consolidated costs and expenses the following graph illustrates the contributions to the change in consolidated costs and expenses, excluding depreciation expense, amortization expense, and goodwill and long-lived asset impairments, made by our cable communications, nbcuniversal and sky segments, as well as by corporate and other activities, including adjustments and eliminations.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k the primary drivers of the change in consolidated costs and expenses, excluding depreciation expense, amortization expense, and goodwill and long-lived asset impairments, from 2021 to 2022 were as follows:
•an increase in nbcuniversal expenses due to increases in our studios, media and theme parks segments.
•an increase in cable communications segment expenses due to increased other expenses and technical and product support costs, partially offset by decreases in programming expense; franchise and other regulatory fees; advertising, marketing and promotion expenses; and customer service expenses.
•an increase in corporate and other expenses primarily due to costs related to sky glass, xumo and spectacor.
•a decrease in sky segment expenses primarily due to a decrease in programming and production costs, partially offset by increases in direct network costs and other expenses, as well as the impacts of foreign currency translation.
costs and expenses for our segments and our corporate operations, business development initiatives and other businesses are discussed separately below under the heading "segment operating results."
consolidated depreciation and amortization expense year ended december 31 (in millions)                   2022             2021             2020             % change             % change
2021 to 2022         2020 to 2021
cable communications                            $7,811           $7,811           $7,753                  -      %           0.7      %
nbcuniversal                                     2,562            2,466            2,307                3.9                  6.9
sky                                              3,169            3,379            3,034              (6.2)                 11.4
corporate and other                                279              147                6                      89.8                   nm comcast consolidated                           $13,821          $13,804          $13,100                0.1      %           5.4      %
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
corporate and other depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to business development initiatives. nbcuniversal depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily due to the opening of universal beijing resort in september 2021. sky depreciation and amortization expense decreased primarily due to the impacts of foreign currency, partially offset by increased amortization of software. cable communications depreciation and amortization expense remained consistent with the prior year.
amortization expense from acquisition-related intangible assets totaled $2.2 billion, $2.4 billion and $2.3 billion for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. amounts primarily relate to customer relationship intangible assets recorded in connection with the sky transaction in the fourth quarter of 2018 and the nbcuniversal transaction in 2011.
consolidated goodwill and long-lived asset impairments goodwill and long-lived asset impairments included charges related to our sky segment totaling $8.6 billion for 2022 recognized in connection with our annual impairment assessment. the impairments primarily reflected an increased discount rate and reduced estimated future cash flows as a result of macroeconomic conditions in sky's territories. see "critical accounting judgments and estimates" and note 10 for further discussion.
consolidated interest expense interest expense decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to a decrease in average debt outstanding and $204 million of charges recorded in 2021 related to the early redemption of senior notes, partially offset by higher weighted-average interest rates.
consolidated investment and other income (loss), net year ended december 31 (in millions)                                             2022            2021            2020
equity in net income (losses) of investees, net                            $(537)          $2,006          $(113)
realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net            (320)             339           1,014
other income (loss), net                                                      (3)             211             259
total investment and other income (loss), net                              $(861)          $2,557          $1,160
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k the change in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to our investment in atairos. the income (losses) at atairos were driven by fair value adjustments on its underlying investments with income (loss) of $(434) million and $1.8 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively. the change in realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to gains on nonmarketable securities in the prior year, while losses on marketable securities were consistent in both years. the change in other income (loss), net in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily resulted from losses on insurance contracts and equity method investment impairments.
consolidated income tax (expense) benefit our effective income tax rate in 2022 and 2021 was 47.0% and 27.5%, respectively.
income tax expense for 2022 was affected by changes in our net deferred tax liabilities as a result of the enactment of tax law changes, including $286 million of benefit in 2022 related to state taxes and $498 million of expense in 2021 in the united kingdom. our effective income tax rate for 2022 was also impacted by the goodwill impairment, which was primarily not deductible for tax purposes. see note 5 for additional information on our effective income tax rate.
consolidated net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests the changes in net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to the operations of our xumo streaming platform joint venture in the current year and increased losses at universal beijing resort due to operations in the current year compared to pre-opening costs in the prior year in advance of the park's opening in september 2021 (see note 8).
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k segment operating results our segment operating results are presented based on how we assess operating performance and internally report financial information. we use adjusted ebitda as the measure of profit or loss for our operating segments.
see note 2 for our definition of adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation from the aggregate amount of adjusted ebitda for our reportable business segments to consolidated income before income taxes.
cable communications segment results of operations revenue and adjusted ebitda         residential customer relationships
(in billions)                       (in millions)
year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2022            2021            2020             % change             % change
2021 to 2022         2020 to 2021
revenue residential:
broadband                                      $24,469         $22,979         $20,599               6.5      %          11.6      %
video                                           21,314          22,079          21,937             (3.5)                  0.6
voice                                            3,010           3,417           3,532            (11.9)                (3.3)
wireless                                         3,071           2,380           1,574              29.0                 51.2
business services                                9,700           8,933           8,191               8.6                  9.1
advertising                                      3,067           2,820           2,594               8.8                  8.7
other                                            1,687           1,719           1,624             (1.9)                  5.9
total revenue                                   66,318          64,328          60,051               3.1                  7.1
costs and expenses programming                                     13,884          14,285          13,498             (2.8)                  5.8
technical and product support                    9,109           8,566           8,022               6.3                  6.8
customer service                                 2,292           2,347           2,432             (2.4)                (3.5)
advertising, marketing and promotion             3,840           3,938           3,759             (2.5)                  4.8
franchise and other regulatory fees              1,637           1,806           1,625             (9.4)                 11.1
other                                            6,153           5,290           5,445              16.3                (2.8)
total costs and expenses                        36,915          36,231          34,781               1.9                  4.2
adjusted ebitda                                $29,403         $28,097         $25,270               4.6      %          11.2      %
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k customer metrics our customer relationships net additions were lower in 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to decreased growth in our broadband net additions and also reflected accelerated net losses in our video and voice customers. in a reversal from pandemic trends, our broadband net addition growth has slowed primarily reflecting continued low household move levels and an increasingly competitive environment.
net additions / (losses)
(in thousands)                                           2022            2021            2020             2022             2021             2020
customer relationships residential customer relationships                 31,782          31,728          30,692              54            1,036            1,569
business services customer relationships            2,510           2,489           2,426              21               63               30
total customer relationships                       34,293          34,218          33,119              75            1,099            1,599
residential customer relationships mix one product customers                              15,652          14,330          12,408           1,322            1,922            2,187
two product customers                               8,188           8,407           8,734           (218)            (328)            (188)
three or more product customers                     7,942           8,992           9,550         (1,050)            (558)            (429)
broadband residential customers                              29,812          29,583          28,326             230            1,257            1,937
business services customers                         2,339           2,318           2,248              21               70               34
total broadband customers                          32,151          31,901          30,574             250            1,327            1,971
video residential customers                              15,554          17,495          18,993         (1,941)          (1,498)          (1,295)
business services customers                           589             681             852            (93)            (171)            (114)
total video customers                              16,142          18,176          19,846         (2,034)          (1,669)          (1,408)
voice residential customers                               7,912           9,062           9,645         (1,150)            (583)            (289)
business services customers                         1,369           1,391           1,357            (22)               34               15
total voice customers                               9,282          10,454          11,002         (1,172)            (548)            (275)
wireless wireless lines                                      5,313           3,980           2,826           1,334            1,154              774
customer metrics are presented based on actual amounts. customer relationships represent the number of residential and business customers that subscribe to at least one of our services. one product, two product, and three or more product customers represent residential customers that subscribe to one, two, or three or more of our services, respectively. for multiple dwelling units ("mdus"), including buildings located on college campuses, whose residents have the ability to receive additional services, such as additional programming choices or our hd video or dvr services, we count and report customers based on the number of potential billable relationships within each mdu. for mdus whose residents are not able to receive additional services, the mdu is counted as a single customer. residential broadband and video customer metrics include certain customers that have prepaid for services. business customers are generally counted based on the number of locations receiving services within our distribution system, with certain offerings such as ethernet network services counted as individual customer relationships. wireless lines represent the number of activated, eligible wireless devices on customers' accounts. individual customer relationships may have multiple wireless lines. customer metrics in 2020 and 2021 did not include customers in certain pandemic-related programs through which portions of our customers temporarily received our services for free. these programs ended in december 2021, resulting in a one-time benefit to net additions in 2022.
2022                                                                                      2021            2020         % change 2022 to 2021         % change 2021 to 2020
average monthly total revenue per customer relationship             $161.33        $159.22         $154.84                     1.3         %                 2.8         %
average monthly adjusted ebitda per customer relationship            $71.53         $69.55          $65.16                     2.9         %                 6.7         %
average monthly total revenue per customer relationship is impacted by rate adjustments and changes in the types and levels of services received by our residential and business services customers, as well as changes in advertising revenue. while revenue from our residential broadband, video, voice and wireless services is also impacted by changes in the allocation of revenue among services sold in a bundle, the allocation does not impact average monthly total revenue per customer relationship. each of our services has a different contribution to operating margin. we use average monthly adjusted ebitda per customer relationship to evaluate the profitability of our customer base across our service offerings. we believe both metrics are useful to understand the trends in our business, and average monthly adjusted ebitda per customer relationship is useful particularly as we continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k cable communications segment - revenue we are a leading provider of broadband, video, voice, wireless, and other services to residential customers in the united states under the xfinity brand; we also provide these and other services to business customers and sell advertising. we market our services to residential and business customers individually and as bundled services at a discounted rate.
residential revenue includes amounts earned for providing our broadband, video, voice and wireless services, including equipment and installation services. residential broadband revenue also includes revenue earned related to our customers' use of flex and streaming services, and wireless revenue also includes device sales. revenue from each of our residential services is impacted by changes in the allocation of revenue among services sold in a bundle. franchise and regulatory fees billed to our customers are included with the relevant service, which primarily relate to video and voice services.
broadband revenue increased in 2022 primarily due to an increase in average rates and an increase in the number of residential broadband customers.
video revenue decreased in 2022 primarily due to a decline in the number of residential video customers, partially offset by an increase in average rates. we expect that the number of residential video customers will continue to decline, negatively impacting video revenue as a result of the competitive environment and shifting video consumption patterns.
voice revenue decreased in 2022 primarily due to a decline in the number of residential voice customers. we expect that the number of residential voice customers and voice revenue will continue to decline.
wireless revenue increased in 2022 primarily due to an increase in the number of customer lines and device sales.
business services revenue from our business customers includes our service offerings for small business locations, which primarily include broadband, voice and video services, as well as our solutions for medium-sized customers and larger enterprises, and cellular backhaul services to mobile network operators.
business services revenue increased in 2022 primarily due to increases in average rates and customer relationships compared to the prior year and due to the acquisition of masergy in october 2021.
advertising revenue consists of the sale of advertising on linear television and digital platforms to local, regional and national advertisers, including where we represent the advertising sales efforts of other multichannel video providers, and revenue from our advanced advertising business.
advertising revenue increased in 2022 primarily due to increases in political advertising and revenue from our advanced advertising business. these increases were partially offset by lower local and national advertising revenue, and by advertising revenue at our xumo play streaming service, which is a part of our xumo streaming platform that has been reported in corporate and other since june 2022.
other revenue primarily relates to our security and automation services and also includes revenue related to residential customer late fees and related to other services, such as the licensing of our technology platforms to other multichannel video providers.
cable communications segment - costs and expenses programming expenses, which represent our most significant operating expense, are the fees we incur to provide content to our customers. these expenses represent the programming license fees charged by content providers, including the fees related to the distribution of cable and broadcast network programming and fees charged for retransmission of the signals from local broadcast television stations.
programming expenses decreased in 2022 primarily due to a decline in the number of video subscribers, partially offset by contractual rate increases.
we expect that our programming expenses will be impacted by rate increases to a greater extent in 2023 compared to 2022 due to the timing of contract renewals, which will be offset by expected declines in the number of residential video customers.
technical and product support expenses include costs to complete service call and installation activities; costs for network operations, product development, fulfillment and provisioning; the cost of wireless handsets, tablets and smart watches sold to customers; and monthly wholesale wireless access fees.
technical and product support expenses increased in 2022 primarily due to increased costs associated with our wireless phone service resulting from increases in device sales and the number of customers receiving the service, and the acquisition of masergy, partially offset by lower personnel costs.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k customer service expenses include the personnel and other costs associated with handling the sale of services to customers and customer service activity.
customer service expenses decreased in 2022 primarily due to lower labor costs as a result of reduced call volumes.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses include the costs associated with attracting new customers and promoting our service offerings.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses decreased in 2022 primarily due to a decrease in spending.
franchise and other regulatory fees represent the fees we are required to pay to federal, state and local authorities, including fees under the terms of our cable franchise agreements.
franchise and other regulatory fees decreased in 2022 primarily due to a decrease in the revenue to which the fees apply and a decrease in the related rates of these fees.
other expenses primarily include administrative personnel costs; fees paid to third-party channels for which cable represents the advertising sales efforts; other business support costs, including building and office expenses, taxes and billing costs; and bad debt.
other expenses increased in 2022 primarily due to lower levels of bad debt expense in the prior year and severance charges in the current year.
cable communications segment - operating margin our operating margin is adjusted ebitda as a percentage of revenue. we believe this metric is useful particularly as we continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses and improving overall cost management. our operating margin was 44.3%, 43.7% and 42.1% in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k nbcuniversal segments overview
2022 nbcuniversal segments operating results(a)
revenue              adjusted ebitda
(in billions)        (in billions)
(a)segment details in the charts exclude the results of nbcuniversal headquarters and other and eliminations and therefore the amounts do not equal the total. revenue and adjusted ebitda charts are not presented on the same scale.
year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2022            2021            2020             % change                         % change
2021 to 2022                     2020 to 2021
revenue media                                          $23,406         $22,780         $18,936               2.7      %                      20.3      %
studios                                         11,622           9,449           8,134              23.0                             16.2
theme parks                                      7,541           5,051           2,094              49.3                            141.2
headquarters and other                              75              87              53            (13.6)                             63.8
eliminations                                   (3,442)         (3,048)         (2,006)            (12.9)                           (51.9)
total revenue                                  $39,203         $34,319         $27,211              14.2      %                      26.1      %
adjusted ebitda media                                           $3,212          $4,569          $5,574            (29.7)      %                    (18.0)      %
studios                                            942             884           1,041               6.6                           (15.1)
theme parks                                      2,683           1,267           (477)                    111.7                               nm headquarters and other                           (881)           (840)           (563)             (4.8)                           (49.3)
eliminations                                       (2)           (205)           (220)              99.1                                     6.5
total adjusted ebitda                           $5,955          $5,675          $5,355               4.9      %                       6.0      %
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k media segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2022            2021            2020             % change             % change
2021 to 2022         2020 to 2021
revenue advertising                                    $10,467         $10,291          $8,296               1.7      %          24.1      %
distribution                                    10,881          10,449           8,795               4.1                 18.8
other                                            2,058           2,040           1,845               0.9                 10.5
total revenue                                   23,406          22,780          18,936               2.7                 20.3
costs and expenses programming and production                      14,723          13,337           9,319              10.4                 43.1
other operating and administrative               3,951           3,611           3,209               9.4                 12.5
advertising, marketing and promotion             1,520           1,264             834              20.3                 51.4
total costs and expenses                        20,194          18,212          13,362              10.9                 36.3
adjusted ebitda                                 $3,212          $4,569          $5,574            (29.7)      %        (18.0)      %
media segment - revenue advertising revenue consists of the sale of advertising on our television networks, peacock and other digital properties.
year ended december 31 (in millions)                                          2022            2021            2020   % change                       % change
2021 to 2022               2020 to 2021
advertising                                                            $10,467         $10,291          $8,296               1.7   %             24.1      %
advertising, excluding olympics, super bowl and fifa world cup           9,050           9,054           8,296       -             9.1
advertising revenue increased in 2022 compared to 2021 and included our broadcasts of the beijing olympics, super bowl and fifa world cup in 2022, offset by our broadcast of the tokyo olympics in 2021. excluding $1.4 billion and $1.2 billion of incremental revenue associated with the broadcasts of these events in 2022 and 2021, respectively, advertising revenue remained consistent with the prior year primarily due to a decrease in revenue at our networks, offset by increased revenue at peacock. the decreases at our networks were primarily due to continued audience ratings declines and the impact of additional sporting events in the prior year, partially offset by higher pricing in the current year and increased political advertising.
distribution revenue includes the fees received from the distribution of our cable and broadcast television network programming to traditional and virtual multichannel video providers and from nbc-affiliated and telemundo-affiliated local broadcast television stations. distribution revenue also includes distribution revenue associated with our periodic broadcasts of the olympic games and subscription fees received from peacock subscribers.
year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2022            2021            2020             % change             % change
2021 to 2022         2020 to 2021
distribution                                   $10,881         $10,449          $8,795               4.1      %          18.8      %
distribution, excluding olympics                10,554           9,928           8,795               6.3                 12.9
distribution revenue increased in 2022 compared to 2021 and included our broadcast of the beijing olympics in 2022, offset by our broadcast of the tokyo olympics in 2021. excluding $327 million and $522 million of incremental revenue associated with our broadcasts of the beijing and tokyo olympics in 2022 and 2021, respectively, distribution revenue increased primarily due to increased revenue at peacock. distribution revenue at our networks remained consistent with the prior year due to contractual rates increases, offset by a decline in the number of subscribers.
other revenue primarily relates to the licensing of our owned programming and revenue generated by various digital properties.
we expect the number of subscribers and audience ratings at our networks will continue to decline as a result of the competitive environment and shifting video consumption patterns. media segment total revenue included $2.1 billion and $778 million related to peacock in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k media segment - costs and expenses programming and production costs include the amortization of owned and licensed programming, including sports rights, direct production costs, production overhead, on-air talent costs and costs associated with the distribution of our programming to third-party networks and other distribution platforms.
programming and production costs increased in 2022 primarily due to higher programming costs at peacock and costs associated with our broadcasts of the beijing olympics, super bowl and fifa world cup in 2022, partially offset by costs associated with our broadcast of the tokyo olympics in 2021.
other operating and administrative expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
other operating and administrative expenses increased in 2022 primarily due to increased costs related to peacock.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with promoting content on our networks, peacock and other digital properties, as well as costs associated with promoting our platforms and digital properties.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2022 primarily due to higher marketing costs related to peacock.
media segment total costs and expenses included $4.6 billion and $2.5 billion related to peacock in 2022 and 2021, respectively. we expect to continue to incur significant costs related to additional content and marketing as we invest in the platform and attract new customers.
studios segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2022            2021            2020             % change             % change
2021 to 2022         2020 to 2021
revenue content licensing                               $8,713          $7,565          $6,557              15.2      %          15.4      %
theatrical                                       1,607             691             418             132.5                 65.4
home entertainment and other                     1,302           1,193           1,159               9.2                  2.9
total revenue                                   11,622           9,449           8,134              23.0                 16.2
costs and expenses programming and production                       8,186           6,820           5,413              20.0                 26.0
other operating and administrative                 797             667             813              19.4               (18.0)
advertising, marketing and promotion             1,697           1,078             867              57.4                 24.3
total costs and expenses                        10,680           8,565           7,093              24.7                 20.7
adjusted ebitda                                   $942            $884          $1,041               6.6      %        (15.1)      %
studios segment - revenue content licensing revenue relates to the licensing of our owned film and television content in the united states and internationally to cable, broadcast and premium networks and dtc streaming service providers, as well as through video on demand and pay-per-view services provided by multichannel video providers and ott service providers.
content licensing revenue increased in 2022 primarily due to the timing of when content was made available by our television and film studios under licensing agreements, including additional sales of content as production levels returned to normal, partially offset by the impact of a new licensing agreement for content that became exclusively available for streaming on peacock in 2021.
theatrical revenue relates to the worldwide distribution of our produced and acquired films for exhibition in movie theaters.
theatrical revenue increased in 2022 primarily due to the strong performances of releases in our 2022 slate, including jurassic world: dominion and minions: the rise of gru.
home entertainment and other revenue consists of the sale of content on dvds/blu-ray discs and through digital distribution services, as well as the production and licensing of live stage plays and the distribution of content produced by third parties. the overall dvd/blu-ray discs market continues to experience declines due to the maturation of the dvd/blu-ray disc format from increasing shifts in consumer behavior toward digital distribution services and subscription rental services, both of which generate less revenue per transaction than dvd/blu-ray disc sales, as well as due to piracy.
home entertainment and other revenue increased in 2022 primarily due to increased revenue related to our live stage plays, which were adversely impacted by theater and entertainment venue closures in the prior year.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k         48
studios segment - costs and expenses programming and production costs include the amortization of capitalized film and television production and acquisition costs, residuals and participations payments, and distribution expenses. the costs associated with producing film and television content have generally increased in recent years and may continue to increase in the future.
programming and production costs increased in 2022 due to higher costs associated with content licensing sales and theatrical releases in the current year.
other operating and administrative expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
other operating and administrative expenses increased in 2022 primarily due to higher costs associated with live stage plays.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of expenses associated with advertising for our theatrical releases and the marketing of dvds/blu-ray discs. the costs associated with marketing films have generally increased in recent years and may continue to increase in the future.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2022 primarily due to higher spending on current period and upcoming theatrical film releases in the current year.
theme parks segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2022            2021            2020             % change             % change
2021 to 2022         2020 to 2021
revenue                                         $7,541          $5,051          $2,094              49.3      %         141.2   %
costs and expenses                               4,858           3,783           2,571              28.4                 47.1
adjusted ebitda                                 $2,683          $1,267          $(477)             111.7      %                   nm percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
theme parks revenue primarily relates to guest spending at our theme parks, including ticket sales and in-park spending and our consumer products business.
theme park segment revenue increased in 2022 primarily due to improved operating conditions compared to 2021, when our theme parks in orlando, hollywood and japan were impacted by covid-19 restrictions, as well as the operations of universal beijing resort, which opened in september 2021. results at our international theme parks in the current year have been negatively impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and by temporary restrictions and closures that were reinstituted in certain periods due to covid-19.
theme parks costs and expenses consist primarily of theme park operations, including repairs and maintenance and related administrative expenses; food, beverage and merchandise costs; labor costs; and sales and marketing costs.
theme park segment costs and expenses increased in 2022 primarily as a result of decreased operating costs in the prior year due to covid-19 restrictions at our theme parks and due to operating costs associated with universal beijing resort in the current year, which were higher than pre-opening costs in the prior year.
nbcuniversal headquarters, other and eliminations headquarters and other results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2022            2021            2020             % change             % change
2021 to 2022         2020 to 2021
revenue                                            $75             $87             $53            (13.6)      %          63.8      %
costs and expenses                                 956             927             616               3.1                 50.5
adjusted ebitda                                 $(881)          $(840)          $(563)             (4.8)      %        (49.3)      %
headquarters and other expenses include overhead, personnel costs and costs associated with corporate initiatives. expenses increased in 2022 primarily due to severance charges in the current year, partially offset by a decrease in employee-related costs compared to the prior year.
49                comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k eliminations year ended december 31 (in millions)         2022              2021              2020                        % change             % change
2021 to 2022         2020 to 2021
revenue                                      $(3,442)          $(3,048)          $(2,006)                 12.9      %          51.9      %
costs and expenses                           (3,440)           (2,843)           (1,786)                  21.0                 59.0
adjusted ebitda                              $(2)              $(205)            $(220)                 (99.1)      %         (6.5)      %
amounts represent eliminations of transactions between our nbcuniversal segments, which are affected by the timing of recognition of content licenses between our studios and media segments. prior year amounts include the impact of a new licensing agreement for content that became exclusively available for streaming on peacock during the first quarter of 2021. results of operations for nbcuniversal may be impacted as we continue to use content on our platforms, including peacock, rather than licensing the content to third parties.
for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately 41%, 42% and 34%, respectively, of studios segment content licensing revenue resulted from transactions with other segments, primarily with the media segment. eliminations will increase or decrease to the extent that additional content is made available to our other segments. refer to note 2 for further discussion of transactions between our segments.
sky segment results of operations
2022                                                                    2021             2020   % change                                                                % change
2021 to 2022                                                        2020 to 2021
year ended december 31 (in millions)                 actual           actual           actual                                         actual         constant currency change(a)         actual         constant currency change(a)
revenue direct-to-consumer                             $14,621          $16,455          $15,223                                         (11.1)    %                   (0.8)           %       8.1    %                     2.0           %
content                                          1,138            1,341            1,373                                         (15.2)                        (5.5)                 (2.3)                        (7.4)
advertising                                      2,187            2,489            1,998                                         (12.1)                        (1.9)                  24.6                         18.4
total revenue                                   17,946           20,285           18,594                                         (11.5)                        (1.2)                   9.1                          3.1
costs and expenses programming and production                       6,830            8,949            8,649                                         (23.7)                       (15.0)                   3.5                        (1.3)
direct network costs                             2,652            2,612            2,086                                            1.5                         13.1                  25.2                         17.1
other                                            5,939            6,364            5,905                                          (6.7)                          4.2                   7.8                          2.0
total costs and expenses                        15,420           17,925           16,640                                         (14.0)                        (4.1)                   7.7                          2.2
adjusted ebitda                                 $2,526           $2,359           $1,954                                            7.0    %                    20.3           %      20.8    %                    10.2           %
(a)constant currency is a non-gaap financial measure. refer to the "non-gaap financial measures" section on page 52 for additional information, including our definition and our use of constant currency, and for a reconciliation of sky's constant currency growth rates.
customer metrics net additions / (losses)
(in thousands)                               2022            2021            2020           2022           2021           2020
total customer relationships           23,115          23,027          23,224            88          (198)           (56)
customer metrics are presented based on actual amounts. customer relationships represent the number of residential customers that subscribe to at least one of sky's four primary services of video, broadband, voice and wireless phone service. sky reports business customers, including hotels, bars, workplaces and restaurants, generally based on the number of locations receiving our services.
2022                                                                                                  2021             2020   % change 2021 to 2022                              % change 2020 to 2021
actual           actual           actual   actual            constantcurrencygrowth(a)        actual            constantcurrencygrowth(a)
average monthly direct-to-consumer revenue per customer relationship          $52.81           $59.29           $54.56        (10.9)      %     (0.6)                 %          8.7         %     2.6                   %
(a)constant currency is a non-gaap financial measure. refer to the "non-gaap financial measures" section on page 52 for additional information, including our definition and our use of constant currency, and for a reconciliation of sky's constant currency growth rates.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k average monthly direct-to-consumer revenue per customer relationship is impacted by rate adjustments and changes in the types and levels of services received by sky's customers. each of sky's services has a different contribution to adjusted ebitda. we believe average monthly direct-to-consumer revenue per customer relationship is useful in understanding the trends in our business across all of our direct-to-consumer service offerings.
sky segment - revenue direct-to-consumer revenue primarily relates to video services provided to both residential and business customers, as well as broadband, voice and wireless services. video service revenue includes both dth video services and our now streaming service. revenue from our wireless customers also includes device sales.
direct-to-consumer revenue decreased in 2022 compared to 2021. excluding the impact of foreign currency, direct-to-consumer revenue decreased primarily due to a lower number of customer relationships during the year and a decrease in average revenue per customer. the lower number of customer relationships was driven by a decrease in italy, partially offset by increases in the united kingdom and germany. the decrease in average revenue per customer relationship reflects decreases in average rates in italy and germany, partially offset by an increase in average rates in the united kingdom. the decline in customer relationships and average revenue per customer relationship in italy included the effects of the reduced broadcast rights for serie a, which we had held through the end of the 2020-21 season. beginning with the 2021-22 season in the third quarter of 2021 and through the 2023-24 season, we have nonexclusive broadcast rights to fewer matches. sky results have been affected by worsening macroeconomic conditions in the united kingdom and continental europe.
content revenue relates to the distribution of our owned television channels on third-party platforms and the licensing of owned and licensed content.
content revenue decreased in 2022 compared to 2021. excluding the impact of foreign currency, content revenue decreased primarily due to lower sports programming licensing revenue driven by changes in licensing agreements in italy and germany, partially offset by timing of licensing of owned content to third-party platforms.
advertising revenue consists of the sale of advertising across our platforms, including our owned television channels, and where we represent the sales efforts of third-party channels, as well as revenue from various technology, tools and solutions relating to our advertising business.
advertising revenue decreased in 2022 compared to 2021. excluding the impact of foreign currency, advertising revenue decreased primarily due to decreased advertising revenue associated with serie a, partially offset by an overall market improvement in the united kingdom in the first half of the year compared to the prior year.
sky segment - costs and expenses programming and production costs primarily relate to content broadcast on our channels. these costs include the amortization of owned and licensed programming, including sports rights, direct production costs, production overhead and on-air talent costs. these costs also include the fees associated with programming distribution agreements for channels owned by third parties.
programming and production costs decreased in 2022 compared to 2021. excluding the impact of foreign currency, these costs decreased primarily reflecting lower costs associated with serie a in italy as a result of the reduced broadcast rights and the timing of recognition of costs related to sporting events. the timing impacts included the delayed start of 2020-21 european football seasons due to covid-19 and the shifting of certain football matches and the related programming expense to the first half of 2023 due to the 2022 fifa world cup, which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2022. programming and production costs were also impacted by lower costs associated with other sports contracts in germany in the current year.
direct network costs primarily include costs directly related to the supply of broadband and voice services, including wireless services for wireless handsets and tablets, to our customers. this includes call costs, monthly wholesale access fees and other variable costs associated with our network. in addition, it includes the cost of wireless devices sold to customers.
direct network costs increased in 2022 compared to 2021. excluding the impact of foreign currency, these expenses increased primarily due to an increase in costs associated with sky's broadband and wireless phone services as a result of increases in the number of customers receiving these services and wireless device sales.
other expenses include costs related to marketing, fees paid to third-party channels for which sky represents the advertising sales efforts, subscriber management, supply chain, transmission, technology, fixed networks and general administrative costs.
other expenses decreased in 2022 compared to 2021. excluding the impact of foreign currency, these expenses increased primarily due to higher administrative costs, including severance charges, partially offset by lower fees paid to third-party channels relating to advertising sales.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k corporate, other and eliminations corporate and other results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2022              2021              2020             % change             % change
2021 to 2022         2020 to 2021
revenue                                             $863              $461              $248              87.1      %          86.1      %
costs and expenses                                 2,223             1,819             2,033              22.3               (10.5)
adjusted ebitda                                 $(1,361)          $(1,358)          $(1,785)             (0.2)      %          23.9      %
corporate and other primarily includes overhead and personnel costs, the results of other business initiatives and comcast spectacor, which owns the philadelphia flyers and the wells fargo center arena in philadelphia, pennsylvania. other business initiatives primarily include results associated with sky glass smart televisions and the related hardware sales and beginning in june 2022, the operations of xumo, our consolidated streaming platform joint venture.
corporate and other revenue increased in 2022 primarily due to sales of sky glass smart televisions, increases at comcast spectacor compared to the prior year which included the impacts of covid-19 and revenue at xumo related to the xumo play streaming service.
corporate and other expenses increased in 2022 primarily due to costs related to sky glass and xumo, partially offset by lower administrative costs. we expect to incur increased costs in 2023 related to xumo.
eliminations year ended december 31 (in millions)         2022              2021                         2020             % change   % change
2021 to 2022   2020 to 2021
revenue                                      $(2,903)          $(3,008)             $(2,540)             (3.5)      %   18.5          %
costs and expenses                           (2,838)           (2,942)               (2,572)             (3.5)                 14.4
adjusted ebitda                              $(64)             $(65)                     $32             (1.7)      %   nm percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
amounts represent eliminations of transactions between cable communications, nbcuniversal, sky and other businesses. eliminations of transactions between nbcuniversal are presented separately. amounts reflect increases in eliminations associated with the beijing and tokyo olympics in 2022 and 2021, respectively. refer to note 2 for a description of transactions between our segments.
non-gaap financial measures consolidated adjusted ebitda adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure and is the primary basis used to measure the operational strength and performance of our businesses as well as to assist in the evaluation of underlying trends in our businesses. this measure eliminates the significant level of noncash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of certain of our businesses and from intangible assets recognized in business combinations. it is also unaffected by our capital and tax structures, and by our investment activities, including the results of entities that we do not consolidate, as our management excludes these results when evaluating our operating performance. our management and board of directors use this financial measure to evaluate our consolidated operating performance and the operating performance of our operating segments and to allocate resources and capital to our operating segments. it is also a significant performance measure in our annual incentive compensation programs. additionally, we believe that adjusted ebitda is useful to investors because it is one of the bases for comparing our operating performance with that of other companies in our industries, although our measure of adjusted ebitda may not be directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies.
we define adjusted ebitda as net income attributable to comcast corporation before net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, income tax expense, investment and other income (loss), net, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating gains and losses (such as impairment charges related to fixed and intangible assets and gains or losses on the sale of long-lived assets), if any. from time to time, we may exclude from adjusted ebitda the impact of certain events, gains, losses or other charges (such as significant legal settlements) that affect the period-to-period comparability of our operating performance.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k         52
we reconcile consolidated adjusted ebitda to net income attributable to comcast corporation. this measure should not be considered a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss), net income (loss) attributable to comcast corporation, or net cash provided by operating activities that we have reported in accordance with gaap.
reconciliation from net income attributable to comcast corporation to adjusted ebitda year ended december 31 (in millions)                                                     2022                          2021                          2020
net income attributable to comcast corporation                               $5,370                       $14,159                       $10,534
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                    (445)                         (325)                           167
income tax expense                                                            4,359                         5,259                         3,364
investment and other (income) loss, net                                         861                       (2,557)                       (1,160)
interest expense                                                              3,896                         4,281                         4,588
depreciation                                                                  8,724                         8,628                         8,320
amortization                                                                  5,097                         5,176                         4,780
goodwill and long-lived asset impairments                                     8,583                             -                             -
adjustments(a)                                                                   13                            87                           233
adjusted ebitda                                                             $36,459                       $34,708                       $30,826
(a)amounts represent the impact of certain events, gains, losses or other charges that are excluded from adjusted ebitda, including costs related to our investment portfolio, and sky transaction-related costs in 2021 and 2020. 2020 also includes $177 million related to a legal settlement.
constant currency constant currency and constant currency growth rates are non-gaap financial measures that present our results of operations excluding the estimated effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. certain of our businesses, including sky, have operations outside the united states that are conducted in local currencies. as a result, the comparability of the financial results reported in u.s. dollars is affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. in our sky segment, we use constant currency and constant currency growth rates to evaluate the underlying performance of the business, and we believe it is helpful for investors to present operating results on a comparable basis year over year to evaluate its underlying performance.
constant currency and constant currency growth rates are calculated by comparing the prior year results adjusted to reflect the average exchange rates from the current year rather than the actual exchange rates that were in effect during the respective prior year.
reconciliation of sky constant currency growth rates
2022                                                                                                  2021            % change 2021 to 2022   2021                                      2020            % change 2020 to 2021
year ended december 31 (in millions, except per customer data)                     actual         constant         constant currency change                          actual         constant         constant currency change currency                                                                          currency revenue direct-to-consumer                                                           $14,621          $14,739                      (0.8)          %                    $16,455          $16,125                        2.0          %
content                                                                        1,138            1,204                      (5.5)                                 1,341            1,448                      (7.4)
advertising                                                                    2,187            2,229                      (1.9)                                 2,489            2,101                       18.4
total revenue                                                                 17,946           18,172                      (1.2)                                20,285           19,675                        3.1
costs and expenses programming and production                                                     6,830            8,031                     (15.0)                                 8,949            9,064                      (1.3)
direct network costs                                                           2,652            2,344                       13.1                                 2,612            2,230                       17.1
other                                                                          5,939            5,698                        4.2                                 6,364            6,239                        2.0
total costs and expenses                                                      15,420           16,074                      (4.1)                                17,925           17,533                        2.2
adjusted ebitda                                                               $2,526           $2,099                       20.3          %                     $2,359           $2,142                       10.2          %
average monthly direct-to-consumer revenue per customer relationship          $52.81           $53.11                      (0.6)          %                     $59.29           $57.79                        2.6          %
other adjustments from time to time, we present adjusted information, such as revenue, to exclude the impact of certain events, gains, losses or other charges. this adjusted information is a non-gaap financial measure. we believe, among other things, that the adjusted information may help investors evaluate our ongoing operations and can assist in making meaningful period-over-period comparisons.
53                comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k liquidity and capital resources year ended december 31 (in billions)         2022            2021            2020
cash provided by operating activities        $26.4           $29.1           $24.7
cash used in investing activities            $(14.1)         $(13.4)         $(12.0)
cash used in financing activities            $(16.2)         $(18.6)         $(6.5)
december 31 (in billions)                  2022          2021
cash and cash equivalents              $4.7          $8.7
short-term and long-term debt         $94.8         $94.8
our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities. we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges, through our cash flows from operating activities; existing cash, cash equivalents and investments; available borrowings under our existing credit facility; and our ability to obtain future external financing. refer to the "contractual obligations" discussion below for additional information regarding our cash requirements. we anticipate that we will continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows from operating activities in repaying our debt obligations, funding our capital expenditures and cash paid for intangible assets, investing in business opportunities, and returning capital to shareholders.
we maintain significant availability under our revolving credit facility and our commercial paper program to meet our short-term liquidity requirements. our commercial paper program generally provides a lower-cost source of borrowing to fund our short-term working capital requirements. as of december 31, 2022, amounts available under our revolving credit facility, net of amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program and outstanding letters of credit and bank guarantees, totaled $10.4 billion. we entered into a new revolving credit facility in march 2021 (see note 6).
we are subject to customary covenants and restrictions set forth in agreements related to debt issued at comcast and certain of our subsidiaries, including the indentures governing our public debt securities and the credit agreement governing the comcast revolving credit facility. our credit facility contains a financial covenant pertaining to leverage, which is the ratio of debt to ebitda, as defined in the credit facility. compliance with this financial covenant is tested on a quarterly basis under the terms of the credit facility. as of december 31, 2022, we met this financial covenant by a significant margin, and we expect to remain in compliance with this financial covenant and other covenants related to our debt. the covenants and restrictions in our revolving credit facility do not apply to certain entities, including sky and our international theme parks.
operating activities components of net cash provided by operating activities year ended december 31 (in millions)                             2022                 2021                 2020
operating income                                       $14,041              $20,817              $17,493
depreciation and amortization                           13,821               13,804               13,100
goodwill and long-lived asset impairments                8,583                    -                    -
noncash share-based compensation                         1,336                1,315                1,193
changes in operating assets and liabilities            (3,006)              (1,499)                (178)
payments of interest                                   (3,413)              (3,908)              (3,878)
payments of income taxes                               (5,265)              (2,628)              (3,183)
proceeds from investments and other                        316                1,246                  190
net cash provided by operating activities              $26,413              $29,146              $24,737
the variance in changes in operating assets and liabilities in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily related to the timing of amortization and related payments for our film and television costs, including the return to normal production levels and the timing of sporting events, as well as decreases in deferred revenue, partially offset by accruals related to severance in 2022.
the decrease in payments of interest in 2022 was primarily due to the debt exchange in august 2021, including the impact of timing of interest payments, reduced debt balances following repayments in the prior year and cash proceeds from the early settlement of interest rate swaps related to the collateralized obligation.
the increase in income tax payments in 2022 was primarily due to the tax benefit from our senior notes exchange in 2021, which reduced tax payments by $1.3 billion in the prior year, higher taxable income and higher payments relating to the preceding tax year.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k         54
the decrease in proceeds from investments and other compared to 2021 was primarily due to decreased cash distributions received from equity method investments (see note 8).
investing activities our most significant recurring investing activity has been capital expenditures, which are discussed further below. the increase in cash used in investing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to purchases of short-term investments throughout the current year, increased capital expenditures and increased cash paid for intangible assets related to software development. these increases were partially offset by the acquisition of masergy in 2021, increased proceeds from the sale of investments, including maturities of short-term investments in the current year, and decreased cash paid related to the construction of universal beijing resort in the current year.
in 2022, we formed the skyshowtime joint venture with paramount global. the partners have committed to a multiyear funding plan, which began in 2022.
capital expenditures capital expenditures increased in 2022 primarily due to increased spending in our theme parks segment primarily related to epic universe and increases in our cable communications segment, partially offset by decreases in spending in our sky segment. the costs associated with the construction of universal beijing resort are presented separately in our consolidated statement of cash flows. see note 8.
our most significant capital expenditures are in our cable communications segment, and we expect that this will continue in the future. cable communications' capital expenditures increased primarily due to increased spending on line extensions, scalable infrastructure, support capital and customer premise equipment. the table below summarizes the capital expenditures we incurred in our cable communications segment in 2022, 2021 and 2020.
year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2022            2021            2020
customer premise equipment                      $2,293          $2,203          $2,333
scalable infrastructure                          2,851           2,658           2,289
line extensions                                  1,824           1,565           1,394
support capital                                    600             503             589
total                                           $7,568          $6,930          $6,605
we expect our capital expenditures for 2023 will be focused on increased investment in scalable infrastructure as we increase capacity and execute our plans to upgrade our network to deliver multigigabit speeds, in line extensions for the expansion of both business services and residential passings in our cable communications segment, and in the continued deployment of wireless gateways. in addition, we expect to continue investment in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks, including the development of epic universe. capital expenditures for subsequent years will depend on numerous factors, including competition, changes in technology, regulatory changes, the timing and rate of deployment of new services, the capacity required for existing services, the timing of new attractions at our theme parks and potential acquisitions.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to higher repurchases and repayments of debt in the prior year, the change in other financing activities and proceeds from short-term borrowings, net in the current year. these decreases were partially offset by increases in repurchases of common stock under our share repurchase program and employee plans and dividends paid in the current year. other financing activities included payments related to the redemption of nbcuniversal enterprise redeemable subsidiary preferred stock in the prior year, the settlement of derivative contracts and initial contributions related to our xumo streaming platform joint venture received in the current year under a multiyear funding plan.
in 2022, we issued $2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of fixed-rate senior notes maturing between 2025 and 2032, had net borrowings of $665 million under our commercial paper program, and had borrowings of $252 million under the universal beijing resort term loan. in 2022, we made total debt repayments of $2.3 billion, primarily related to senior notes maturing in 2022.
we have made, and may from time to time in the future make, optional repayments on our debt obligations, which may include repurchases or exchanges of our outstanding public notes and debentures, depending on various factors, such as market conditions. any such repurchases may be effected through privately negotiated transactions, market transactions, tender offers, redemptions or otherwise. see notes 6 and 8 for additional information on our financing activities.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k share repurchases and dividends in the second quarter of 2021, we restarted our share repurchase program, which had been paused since the beginning of 2019. in september 2022, our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program authorization of $20 billion, effective september 13, 2022. during 2022, we repurchased a total of 332.0 million shares of our class a common stock for $13.0 billion. as of december 31, 2022, we had $16.0 billion remaining under the new share repurchase program authorization. under the new authorization, which does not have an expiration date, we expect to repurchase additional shares of our class a common stock in the open market or in private transactions, subject to market and other conditions.
our board of directors declared quarterly dividends totaling $4.8 billion in 2022. we paid dividends of $4.7 billion in 2022. in january 2023, our board of directors approved an 7.4% increase in our dividend to $1.16 per share on an annualized basis. we expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends, although each dividend is subject to approval by our board of directors.
the chart below summarizes our share repurchases under our publicly announced share repurchase program authorization and dividends paid in 2022, 2021 and 2020. in addition, we paid $321 million and $674 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to employee taxes associated with the administration of our share-based compensation plans.
share repurchases under share repurchase program authorization and dividends paid
(in billions)
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our most significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2022:
as of december 31, 2022 (in billions)                total        within the next 12 months        beyond the next 12 months debt obligations(a)                             $101.0                      $1.7                            $99.2
programming and production obligations            72.8                      16.4                             56.4
(a) amounts represent the face value of debt and exclude interest payments and a collateralized obligation (see note 8).
our largest contractual obligations relate to our outstanding debt. as of december 31, 2022, our debt has a weighted-average time to maturity of approximately 17 years and, including the effects of our derivative financial instruments, our debt had a weighted-average interest rate based on the stated coupons of 3.59% and 93% of our debt obligations were fixed-rate debt. we typically fund and expect to continue to be able to fund debt maturities and interest payments with cash flows generated in our operations; existing cash, cash equivalents and investments; or proceeds from additional external financing. see note 6 and item 7a for additional information on our debt.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k we also have significant contractual obligations associated with our programming and production expenses. nbcuniversal and sky have multiyear agreements for broadcast rights of sporting events, such as for the nfl, the olympics and european football leagues, which represent the substantial majority of our programming and production obligations. cable communications' programming expenses related to the distribution of third-party programmed channels are generally acquired under multiyear distribution agreements, with fees typically based on the number of customers that receive the programming and the extent of distribution. as a result, the amounts included in the table above under fixed or minimum guaranteed commitments for these distribution agreements are not material and we expect the total fees to be paid under these arrangements to be significantly higher than the amounts included above. we have funded and expect to continue to be able to fund our programming and production obligations with the cash generated from our operations. as of december 31, 2022, approximately 36% of cash payments related to our programming and production obligations are due after five years, of which the vast majority related to multiyear sports rights agreements. see note 4 for additional information on programming and production costs.
our other contractual obligations relate primarily to operating leases (see note 15) and other arrangements recorded in our consolidated balance sheet and/or disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, including benefit plan obligations (see note 11), liabilities for uncertain tax positions (see note 5), our remaining unfunded capital commitment to atairos (see note 8) and a contractual obligation related to an interest held by a third party in the revenue of certain theme parks (see note 15).
guarantee structure our debt is primarily issued at comcast, although we also have debt at certain of our subsidiaries as a result of acquisitions and other issuances. a substantial amount of this debt is subject to guarantees by comcast and by certain subsidiaries that we have put in place to simplify our capital structure. we believe this guarantee structure provides liquidity benefits to debt investors and helps to simplify credit analysis with respect to relative value considerations of guaranteed subsidiary debt.
debt and guarantee structure december 31 (in billions)                                                                                                            2022          2021
debt subject to cross-guarantees comcast                                                                                                                         $88.4         $85.9
comcast cable(a)                                                                                                                  0.9           2.1
nbcuniversal(a)                                                                                                                   1.6           1.6
90.9                                                                                                                                           89.6
debt subject to one-way guarantees sky                                                                                                                               5.2           6.3
other(a)                                                                                                                          0.1           0.1
5.3                                                                                                                                             6.5
debt not guaranteed universal beijing resort(b)                                                                                                       3.5           3.6
other                                                                                                                             1.3           1.2
4.8                                                                                                                                             4.7
debt issuance costs, premiums, discounts, fair value adjustments for acquisition accounting and hedged positions, net           (6.2)         (6.0)
total debt                                                                                                                      $94.8         $94.8
(a)nbcuniversal, comcast cable and comcast holdings (included within other debt subject to one-way guarantees) are each consolidated subsidiaries subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the sec. the guarantee structures and related disclosures in this section, together with exhibit 22, satisfy these reporting obligations.
(b)universal beijing resort debt financing is secured by the assets of universal beijing resort and the equity interests of the investors. see note 8 for additional information.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k cross-guarantees comcast, nbcuniversal and comcast cable (the "guarantors") fully and unconditionally, jointly and severally, guarantee each other's debt securities. nbcuniversal and comcast cable also guarantee other borrowings of comcast, including its revolving credit facility. these guarantees rank equally with all other general unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the respective guarantors. however, the obligations of the guarantors under the guarantees are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of their respective non-guarantor subsidiaries. the obligations of each guarantor are limited to the maximum amount that would not render such guarantor's obligations subject to avoidance under applicable fraudulent conveyance provisions of u.s. and non-u.s. law. each guarantor's obligations will remain in effect until all amounts payable with respect to the guaranteed securities have been paid in full. however, a guarantee by nbcuniversal or comcast cable of comcast's debt securities, or by nbcuniversal of comcast cable's debt securities, will terminate upon a disposition of such guarantor entity or all or substantially all of its assets.
the guarantors are each holding companies that principally hold investments in, borrow from and lend to non-guarantor subsidiary operating companies; issue and service third-party debt obligations; repurchase shares and pay dividends; and engage in certain corporate and headquarters activities. the guarantors are generally dependent on non-guarantor subsidiary operating companies to fund these activities.
as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, the combined guarantors have noncurrent notes payable to non-guarantor subsidiaries of $128 billion and $126 billion, respectively, and noncurrent notes receivable from non-guarantor subsidiaries of $30 billion. this financial information is that of the guarantors presented on a combined basis with intercompany balances between the guarantors eliminated. the combined financial information excludes financial information of non-guarantor subsidiaries. the underlying net assets of the non-guarantor subsidiaries are significantly in excess of the guarantor obligations. excluding investments in non-guarantor subsidiaries, external debt and the noncurrent notes payable and receivable with non-guarantor subsidiaries, the guarantors do not have material assets, liabilities or results of operations.
one-way guarantees comcast provides full and unconditional guarantees of certain debt issued by sky, including all of its senior notes, and other consolidated subsidiaries not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the sec.
comcast also provides a full and unconditional guarantee of $138 million principal amount of subordinated debt issued by comcast holdings. comcast's obligations under this guarantee are subordinated and subject, in right of payment, to the prior payment in full of all of comcast's senior indebtedness, including debt guaranteed by comcast on a senior basis, and are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of its non-guarantor subsidiaries (for purposes of this comcast holdings discussion, comcast cable and nbcuniversal are included within the non-guarantor subsidiary group). comcast's obligations as guarantor will remain in effect until all amounts payable with respect to the guaranteed debt have been paid in full. however, the guarantee will terminate upon a disposition of comcast holdings or all or substantially all of its assets. comcast holdings is a consolidated subsidiary holding company that directly or indirectly holds 100% and approximately 37% of our equity interests in comcast cable and nbcuniversal, respectively.
as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, comcast and comcast holdings, the combined issuer and guarantor of the guaranteed subordinated debt, have noncurrent senior notes payable to non-guarantor subsidiaries of $97 billion and $96 billion, respectively, and noncurrent notes receivable from non-guarantor subsidiaries of $28 billion and $29 billion, respectively. this financial information is that of comcast and comcast holdings presented on a combined basis with intercompany balances between comcast and comcast holdings eliminated. the combined financial information excludes financial information of non-guarantor subsidiaries of comcast and comcast holdings. the underlying net assets of the non-guarantor subsidiaries of comcast and comcast holdings are significantly in excess of the obligations of comcast and comcast holdings. excluding investments in non-guarantor subsidiaries, external debt, and the noncurrent notes payable and receivable with non-guarantor subsidiaries, comcast and comcast holdings do not have material assets, liabilities or results of operations.
critical accounting judgments and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. we base our judgments on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making estimates about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k we believe our judgments and related estimates associated with the valuation and impairment testing of goodwill and cable franchise rights and the accounting for film and television costs are critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting judgments and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed the related disclosures below. see also notes 4 and 10.
valuation and impairment testing of goodwill and cable franchise rights we assess the recoverability of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including cable franchise rights, annually as of july 1, or more frequently whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. the assessment of recoverability may first consider qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. a quantitative assessment is performed if the qualitative assessment results in a more-likely-than-not determination or if a qualitative assessment is not performed. in connection with our impairment assessment process, in order to support our qualitative assessments, we typically perform quantitative assessments of our cable franchise rights and reporting units approximately once every four years.
goodwill goodwill results from business combinations and represents the excess amount of the consideration paid over the identifiable assets and liabilities recorded in the acquisition. we test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level and have concluded that our reporting units are generally the same as our reportable segments. we evaluate the determination of our reporting units periodically or whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances occur. when performing a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair values of our reporting units primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment, including market participant estimates of future cash flows expected to be generated by the business and the selection of discount rates. when performing this analysis, we also consider multiples of earnings from comparable public companies and recent market transactions.
pursuant to our practice of performing quantitative assessments of our reporting units approximately once every four years, our current year impairment testing for goodwill in our cable communications and nbcuniversal segments was based on quantitative assessments. based on these assessments, the estimated fair values of these reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying values and no impairment was required. the goodwill in our sky segment resulted from our acquisition of sky in the fourth quarter of 2018 and has been in close proximity to its carrying value. we performed a quantitative assessment for goodwill in our sky reporting unit in the current year and determined that the fair value had declined, resulting in an impairment of $8.1 billion (see note 10). in preparing the quantitative assessment, we estimated the fair value of the sky reporting unit using a discounted cash flow analysis. the significant judgments in the discounted cash flow analysis for the sky reporting unit included estimated future cash flows generated by the business, including the estimated impacts of macroeconomic conditions in the sky territories, and the selection of the discount rate, which increased by 125 basis points compared to the analysis in 2021. we evaluated the fair value indicated under the discounted cash flow model considering multiples of earnings from comparable public companies and recent market transactions.
changes in market conditions, laws and regulations, and key assumptions made in future quantitative assessments, including expected cash flows, competitive factors and discount rates, could negatively impact the results of future impairment testing and could result in the recognition of an additional impairment charge.
cable franchise rights our cable franchise rights assets result from agreements we have with state and local governments that allow us to construct and operate a cable business within a specified geographic area. the value of a franchise is derived from the economic benefits we receive from the right to solicit new customers and to market additional services in a particular service area. the amounts we record for cable franchise rights are primarily a result of cable system acquisitions. typically when we acquire a cable system, the most significant asset we record is the value of the cable franchise rights. often these cable system acquisitions include multiple franchise areas. we currently serve more than 6,500 franchise areas in the united states.
we have concluded that our cable franchise rights have an indefinite useful life since there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors that limit the period over which these rights will contribute to our cash flows. accordingly, we do not amortize our cable franchise rights.
for purposes of impairment testing, we have grouped the recorded values of our various cable franchise rights into our three cable communications divisions or units of account. we evaluate the unit of account periodically to ensure our impairment testing is performed at an appropriate level.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k when performing a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair values of our cable franchise rights primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment, including the estimate of future cash flows and the selection of discount rates.
pursuant to our practice of performing quantitative assessments of cable franchise rights approximately once every four years, our current year impairment testing was based on a quantitative assessment. based on this assessment, the estimated fair values of our franchise rights substantially exceeded their carrying values and no impairment was required.
changes in market conditions, laws and regulations and key assumptions made in future quantitative assessments, including expected cash flows, competitive factors and discount rates, could negatively impact the results of future impairment testing and could result in the recognition of an impairment charge.
film and television content we capitalize costs for owned film and television content, including direct costs, production overhead, print costs, development costs and interest, as well as acquired libraries. we have determined that the predominant monetization strategy for the substantial majority of our content is on an individual basis. amortization for owned content predominantly monetized on an individual basis and accrued costs associated with participations and residuals payments are recorded using the individual film forecast computation method, which recognizes the costs in the same ratio as the associated ultimate revenue.
our estimates of ultimate revenue for films generally include revenue from all sources that are expected to be earned within 10 years from the date of a film's initial release. these estimates are based on the distribution strategy and historical performance of similar content, as well as factors unique to the content itself. the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue for a film intended for theatrical release is the film's theatrical performance, as subsequent revenue from the licensing and sale of a film has historically exhibited a high correlation to its theatrical performance. upon a film's release, our estimates of revenue from succeeding markets, including from content licensing across multiple platforms and home entertainment sales, are revised based on historical relationships and an analysis of current market trends.
with respect to television series or other owned television programming, the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue is whether the series can be successfully licensed beyond its initial license window. initial estimates of ultimate revenue are limited to the amount of revenue attributed to the initial license window. once it is determined that a television series or other owned television programming can be licensed beyond the initial license window, revenue estimates for these additional windows or platforms, such as u.s. and international syndication, home entertainment, and other distribution platforms, are included in ultimate revenue. revenue estimates for produced episodes include revenue expected to be earned within 10 years of delivery of the initial episode or, if still in production, 5 years from the delivery of the most recent episode, if later.
we capitalize the costs of licensed content when the license period begins, the content is made available for use and the costs of the licenses are known. licensed content is amortized as the associated programs are used, incorporating estimated viewing patterns. we recognize the costs of multiyear, live-event sports rights as the rights are utilized over the contract term based on estimated relative value. estimated relative value is generally based on terms of the contract and the nature of and potential revenue generation of the deliverables within the contract.
capitalized film and television costs are subject to impairment testing when certain triggering events are identified. the substantial majority of our owned content is evaluated for impairment on an individual title basis. licensed content that is not part of a film group is tested for impairment primarily on a channel, network or platform basis, with the exception of our broadcast networks and owned local broadcast television stations, which are tested on a daypart basis. sports rights are accounted for as executory contracts and are not subject to impairment. when performing an impairment assessment, we estimate fair value primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment, including market participant estimates of future cash flows, which are supported by internal forecasts. impairments of capitalized film and television costs were not material in any of the periods presented.
comcast 2022 annual report on form 10-k