We monitor global macroeconomic conditions on an ongoing basis and continue to assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and better alignment of expenses with revenues. As a result of these assessments, we have undertaken various restructuring actions over the past several years. We expect that annual cost savings resulting from these actions will be used to make additional investments in products that we expect will drive revenue growth in the future. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings. We expect to continue the development of innovative technologies and processes for new products. The increase in operating income in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily the result of a significant increase in gross margin, partially offset by increases in research and development expenses, selling, marketing, general and administrative expenses, amortization expenses, and special charges. We believe that our existing sources of liquidity and cash expected to be generated from future operations, together with existing and anticipated available long-term financing, will be sufficient to fund operations, capital expenditures, research and development efforts, and dividend payments in the immediate future and for at least the next twelve months. The increase in accounts receivable in dollars was primarily the result of the acquisition and to a lesser extent higher product shipments. The increase in inventory in dollars was primarily the result of the acquisition and our efforts to balance manufacturing production, demand, and inventory levels. We have a senior unsecured revolving credit facility that provides that we may borrow up to $1.0 billion. The terms of the credit agreement impose restrictions on our ability to undertake certain transactions, to create certain liens on assets, and to incur certain subsidiary indebtedness. We have developed a project plan for the implementation of new revenue recognition guidance, including a review of all revenue streams to identify any differences in the timing, measurement, or presentation of revenue recognition. We are continuing to evaluate the future impact and method of adoption of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. We perform a qualitative assessment on our indefinite-lived intangible assets to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If it is determined that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than the carrying value, we would compare the fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying amount and recognize an impairment equal to any amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds the fair value. We periodically assess each matter to determine if a contingent liability should be recorded. If a loss is probable and reasonably estimable, we record a contingent loss. We have undertaken various restructuring actions over the past several years to improve operational effectiveness and efficiency. The increase in nonoperating expense in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily the result of an increase in interest expense due to the issuance of senior unsecured notes and financing commitments entered into in connection with the acquisition. We expect to continue to make significant research and development investments in the future. The impact of inflation and foreign currency exchange rate movement on our results of operations during the past three fiscal years has not been significant. We have hundreds of research and development projects underway, none of which we believe are material on an individual basis.