The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to the financial statements. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, wireless data providers, government agencies, and municipalities. In addition to the communications sites in our portfolio, we manage rooftop and tower sites for property owners under various contractual arrangements. The vast majority of the revenue generated by our property operations during the year ended December 31, 2017, was recurring revenue that we should continue to receive in future periods. Most of our tenant leases have provisions that periodically increase the rent due under the lease, typically based on an annual fixed escalation or an inflationary index in our international markets. Revenue lost from either cancellations or the non-renewal of leases or rent renegotiations historically has not had a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our property operations. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition. We have established operations in many markets at the early stages of wireless development, which we believe will enable us to meaningfully participate in these deployments over the long term. Our site portfolio and our established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. We have master lease agreements with certain of our tenants that provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of churn. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. The majority of our tenant leases are multiyear contracts, and a significant majority of the revenues generated by our property operations is recurring revenue that we should continue to receive in future periods. A key factor affecting our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities is to maintain this recurring revenue and to convert it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and fully achieving our operating efficiencies. The loan agreements for our credit facilities contain certain financial and operating covenants and other restrictions applicable to us and our subsidiaries that are not designated as unrestricted subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Failure to comply with the financial maintenance tests and certain other covenants of the loan agreements could prevent us from being able to borrow additional funds under these credit facilities, which could result in, among other things, the amounts outstanding, including all accrued interest and unpaid fees, becoming immediately due and payable.