We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprise support. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. We believe that cloud networks will continue to replace legacy network technologies, and that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. As we have grown the functionality of our EOS software, expanded the range of our product portfolio, and increased the size of our sales force, our revenue has continued to grow rapidly. We have also been profitable and operating cash flow positive for each year since 2010. To continue to grow our revenue, it is important that we both obtain new customers and sell additional products to existing customers. We expect that a substantial portion of our future sales will be follow-on sales to existing customers. We intend to continue expanding our sales force and marketing activities in key geographies, as well as our relationships with channel, technology, and system-level partners in order to reach new end customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers, and provide services and support effectively. In order to support our strong growth, we have and may continue to accelerate our investment in infrastructure, such as enterprise resource planning software and other technologies to improve the efficiency of our operations. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of large orders, especially with respect to our large end customers, due to the complexity of orders, the time it takes end customers to evaluate, test, qualify, and accept our products, and factors specific to our end customers. We continue to work with these customers to complete these procedures and improve the redesigns in order to meet customer requirements. We will need to complete any outstanding product modifications and qualification and acceptance processes for these customers, and any inability to do so in a timely manner may result in an impact to our business, our revenue, and our deferred revenue balances. Our gross margins may also fluctuate as a result of the timing of such sales to large end customers. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time, depending on various factors, including sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing, manufacturing-related costs, and the mix of products sold. We believe that our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings, and the continued market acceptance of our products. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer liabilities. We expect cash inflows from operating activities to be affected by increased sales and timing of collections. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities have been for personnel costs, inventory purchases from our contract manufacturers, investment in research and development, and litigation expenses.