This management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "selected financial data" and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto which appear elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-K. The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including general economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry and in our target markets, our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market, new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner, and the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of expected customer orders. Uncertainty in global economic conditions poses significant risks to our business. For example, customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn adversely affect product demand and our results of operations. We believe our aggregate sales to our top five end customers, through all channels, accounted for more than 40% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2017 and more than 30% for fiscal year 2016. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top five end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in each of our segments, has varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality. We have a diversified business portfolio and our wired infrastructure segment represents the largest portion of our net revenue. We believe that our overall revenue is less susceptible to seasonal variations as a result of the diversification of our business portfolio. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. Our primary sources of liquidity as of October 29, 2017 consisted of cash and cash equivalents, which included net proceeds from the issuance of senior notes, all of which was used to fund the Brocade merger, and cash we expect to generate from operations. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of the Brocade merger. Our liquidity needs also increased as a result of completing the Brocade merger. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash flows from operations will provide sufficient liquidity, after giving effect to the Brocade merger, to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months, excluding the impact of any future mergers, acquisitions and divestiture activity. Our historical provision for income taxes is not necessarily reflective of our future results of operations. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of long-lived assets under the accounting guidance on property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets is also highly subjective and requires significant judgment. We assess the impairment of long-lived assets including purchased in-process research and development, assets, property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. The adjustments to net income for non-cash items were higher, compared to fiscal year 2016, primarily due to increased depreciation and amortization, increased share-based compensation, and an increase in the non-cash portion of the debt extinguishment loss.