We are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented by an intense focus on growth and productivity. We continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. The cyclicality of commercial and defense markets sometimes offsets, which enhances our operational flexibility and resilience against external pressures. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, which reflects our adaptability to changing customer needs and market conditions. The commercial jet airplane market remains extremely competitive, and we face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share. This market environment has resulted in intense pressures on pricing and other competitive factors, necessitating major productivity gains to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. Our strategy also benefits from the ability to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules, which requires effective risk management and strategic response mechanisms. We continue to evaluate the viability of our programs and are prepared to confront challenges that may arise from production, technical, or quality issues. Our operations are subject to significant risks, including the uncertainty of future budget cuts or investment priority changes that could result in reductions, cancellations, and delays of existing contracts or programs. The defense environment is influenced by complex and evolving security challenges, necessitating a multifaceted approach to maintain organizational health and resilience. We expect to continue to have a wide range of opportunities across various regions, driven by the need to modernize aging equipment and inventories. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time and satisfy performance and reliability standards is subject to significant risks, and we employ a rigorous estimating process that is reviewed and updated quarterly to ensure reliability in our estimates. Changes in underlying assumptions or circumstances may adversely affect financial performance in future periods. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our cost-reduction efforts, which enhances our ability to compete effectively in a turbulent market. We have substantial borrowing capacity and anticipate that our ability to access external capital resources should be sufficient to satisfy existing commitments and plans, providing adequate financial flexibility to take advantage of potential strategic business opportunities. The need for arrangements with suppliers and vendors arises from the extended production planning horizon for many of our products, and we continue to work with our customers to mitigate risks associated with financing and operational continuity. Our organizational practices reflect a commitment to resilience engineering and proactive measures that enable us to navigate complex situations while maintaining operational integrity and performance under pressure.