Our mission is to help people experience the world. We aim to achieve our mission through global leadership in online travel and restaurant reservation and related services by making it easy for people to find, book, and experience their travel desires, while providing platforms, tools, and insights to our business partners to help them be successful. We believe this growth is the result of, among other things, the broader shift of travel purchases from offline to online, the widespread adoption of mobile devices, and the growth of travel overall, including in higher growth emerging markets such as Asia-Pacific and South America. We also believe this growth is the result of the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to add accommodations to our travel reservation services, increase and improve content, build distribution, and improve the consumer experience on our websites and mobile apps. We have experienced volatility in transaction growth rates, increased cancellation rates, and weaker trends in hotel average daily rates across many regions of the world, particularly in those countries that appear to be most affected by economic and political uncertainties. These macro-economic uncertainties, such as geopolitical tensions and differing central bank monetary policies, have led to significant volatility in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the euro, the British pound sterling, and other currencies. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We also intend to broaden the scope of our business, and to that end, we explore strategic alternatives from time to time in the form of acquisitions. Our ability to keep pace with competitive pressures to innovate will encompass a wider range of services and technologies, including services and technologies that may be outside of our historical core business. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide and to offer other travel and travel-related services. Factors beyond our control, such as oil prices, stock market volatility, terrorist attacks, unusual or extreme weather, and political instability, can disrupt travel or otherwise result in declines in travel demand. Because these events or concerns are largely unpredictable, they can dramatically and suddenly affect travel behavior by consumers, and therefore demand for our services, which can adversely affect our business and results of operations. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plan, which could have a material adverse effect on our future financial condition or results of operations.