Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. Generally, we consider pre-tax catastrophe losses in excess of $100 million from a current year event as significant. The business segment data should be read in conjunction with this discussion. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax losses from underwriting primarily attributable to major hurricanes and wildfires. We expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from certain businesses, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges. The comparative decline in estimated ultimate claims liabilities for prior years' loss events reflects higher than expected reported property claims. The nature and extent of loss information provided under many facultative reinsurance contracts may not differ significantly from the information received under a primary insurance contract. However, loss information is often less detailed with respect to aggregate excess-of-loss and quota-share contracts. We strive to generate pre-tax underwriting profits in all product lines. The relative impact of reporting delays on the reinsurer may vary depending on the type of coverage, contractual reporting terms, and the magnitude of the claim relative to the attachment point of the reinsurance coverage. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities. Our management is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to such balances. The increase in average premiums per policy was attributable to rate increases, coverage changes, and changes in state and risk mix. The increase in average revenue per car/unit was primarily attributable to higher fuel surcharge revenue, increased rates per car/unit, and business mix changes. Our overall volume growth moderated in the second half of the year compared to the growth experienced in the first half of the year. We expect the general economy will continue to be strong, but we anticipate a slower pace of volume growth. Our insurance and other businesses held cash, cash equivalents, and U.S. treasury bills of approximately $104.0 billion and investments of $185.4 billion. The timing and amount of future payments of unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses arising under property and casualty insurance and reinsurance contracts are contingent upon the outcome of claim settlement activities or events. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a strong capital base. The increases in unpaid losses and deferred charges were predominantly attributable to the AIG agreement. We strive to maintain significant levels of shareholder capital and ample liquidity to provide a margin of safety against short-term price volatility.