In 2016, we updated our value proposition to position the company for long-term success, given our expectations. Our value proposition principles, namely to maintain financial strength, grow our distributions, and pursue disciplined growth, remain essentially unchanged. However, we took steps to improve our competitiveness and resilience by establishing clear priorities for cash allocation. Our cash allocation priorities call for the investment of sufficient capital to maintain production and pay the existing dividend. We believe that our commitment to our value proposition positions the company for success in an environment of price uncertainty and ongoing volatility. We are managing our business to optimize and deliver on our value propositions and cash priorities in a demanding business environment. Our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the disciplined financial and operational priorities that underpin our value proposition. We continue to optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on low cost-of-supply assets which strategically fit our development plans. We generated approximately $16 billion in total consideration from dispositions of certain noncore assets in our portfolio, which were directed to our stated cash priorities and general corporate purposes. We believe financial strength is critical in a cyclical business such as ours. In 2017, using proceeds from asset dispositions and cash flow from operations, we reduced our debt by $7.6 billion to $19.7 billion at year-end. We expect to retire outstanding debt as it matures and exercise flexibility in paying down our other debt instruments. Our sustainability efforts in 2017 focused on implementing our action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water, and human rights, as well as revamping public reporting to be more informative, searchable, and responsive to common questions. We strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business growth. Our commitment to building a learning organization using human performance principles is evident as we relentlessly pursue improved health, safety, environment, and operational performance. We leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans. Our technical strength is part of our heritage, and we are evolving our technical approach to optimally apply best practices. We continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across our operations. Such innovations enable us to economically convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater operating efficiencies, and reduce our environmental impact. We strive to attract, train, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and ethics. We promote continued learning, development, and technical training through structured development programs designed to enhance the technical and functional skills of our employees. Our management carefully considers the fiscal and regulatory environment when evaluating projects or determining the levels and locations of our activity. We are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone who has a role in our operations and the communities in which we operate. Our ability to control our operating and overhead costs impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations, which is critical to maintaining a competitive position in our industry, particularly in a low commodity price environment.