This annual report contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. We continue to operate in a challenging and highly competitive environment, which has impacted, in particular, our ngn routing and switching areas. We experienced solid revenue growth in security and wireless, and we continued to make progress in the transition of our business model to increased software and subscriptions which is part of our strategy. While the overall environment remains uncertain, we continue to aggressively invest in priority areas to drive profitable growth over the long term. We believe that our customers are looking for intelligent networks that provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and analytics. Our strategic priorities include accelerating our pace of innovation, increasing the value of the network, and delivering technology the way our customers want to consume it. We believe the network is becoming more critical than ever, and our evolving intent-based technologies are constantly learning and adapting to provide customers with a highly secure, intelligent platform for their digital business. We continue to invest in research and development to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. We believe that the uncertainty in the macro environment has led to a slowdown in customer spending, which has impacted our performance. We are focused on maintaining operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental perturbations. Our ongoing consideration of various factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results. We believe our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. We believe that our inventory and purchase commitments levels are in line with our current demand forecasts. Our strategic initiatives are aimed at enhancing our organizational capabilities and ensuring our operational continuity. We are committed to maintaining a high level of organizational health and performance under pressure, which is critical for our long-term success. Our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs is essential for sustaining our competitive advantage. We are also focused on enhancing our organizational learning processes and fostering inter-organizational collaboration to improve our resilience strategies. We recognize the importance of managing risks effectively and are committed to proactive measures that ensure we can confront and recover from unexpected situations. Our organizational practices are designed to enhance our adaptability and responsiveness to complex situations, thereby supporting our major objectives and strategic resilience.