We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity, and changing laws and regulations. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. We believe that our pricing strategy, brand name, and network quality will provide a strong foundation for membership growth opportunities in the future. We strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends. The potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers, and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in healthcare costs may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. We work to mitigate trends in medical costs through various medical management programs such as utilization management, condition management, program integrity, and specialty pharmacy management, as well as benefit design changes. We have continued to implement security enhancements since a sophisticated external cyber attack that gained unauthorized access to our information technology systems and obtained personal information related to many individuals and employees. We believe we are well positioned to adapt with the market as it evolves. The future results of our operations will also be impacted by certain external forces and resulting changes in our business model and strategy. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act has changed and may continue to make broad-based changes to the U.S. healthcare system, presenting us with new growth opportunities but also introducing new risks, regulatory challenges, and uncertainties. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the ACA as additional guidance is made available. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We have achieved strong growth as a result of strategic mergers and acquisitions, as well as organic growth in our existing markets over time by delivering excellent service, offering competitively priced products, and providing access to high-quality provider networks. Our ability to effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care and our medical management and health and wellness programs is critical for maintaining operational flexibility and organizational resilience. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the ACA, including any substantial changes to existing laws or regulations that may impact our business. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments, and funds available under our facility and/or from public or private financing sources will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions.