Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to assist readers in understanding our financial information from our management's perspective. We believe we have sufficient cash, coupled with anticipated cash generated from operating activities, to meet our operating requirements, including repayment of the current portion of our debt as it becomes due, payment of regular dividend distributions, and completion of our publicly-announced expansion projects. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. To the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. We perform demand studies on an ongoing basis to determine if future expansion is warranted in a market. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of customers and the resulting "marketplace" effect. This global platform enables scalable, reliable, and cost-effective colocation, interconnection, and traffic exchange that lowers overall cost and increases flexibility. We expect to incur higher interest expense going forward in connection with the additional indebtedness that we incurred during 2017. We expect our cost of revenues, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses to grow in absolute dollars in connection with our business growth. We are able to offer our customers a global platform that reaches 24 countries with proven operational reliability, improved application performance, network choice, and a highly scalable set of offerings. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. We expect to fund these plans with our existing resources; additional financing, either debt or equity, may be required. If current market conditions were to deteriorate, we may be unable to secure additional financing or any such additional financing may only be available to us on unfavorable terms. Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. We consider these offerings recurring because our customers are generally billed on a fixed and recurring basis each month for the duration of their contract. We continue to look at attractive opportunities to grow our market share and selectively improve our footprint and offerings. Our expansion criteria will be dependent on a number of factors, such as demand from new and existing customers, quality of the design, power capacity, access to networks, capacity availability in the current market location, amount of incremental investment required by us in the targeted property, lead-time to break even on a free cash flow basis, and in-place customers. We expect our current efforts to improve our back office systems will continue over the next several years. We have been investing in our sales and marketing initiatives to further increase our revenue, including the hiring of additional headcount and new product innovations. Our strategic initiatives will focus on maintaining operational flexibility and adaptability to confront external pressures and environmental perturbations. We continue to monitor our reit compliance in order to maintain our qualification for federal income tax as a reit. We expect to incur increased utility costs, which could materially impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We believe we can continue to meet all the reit compliance requirements in the foreseeable future. Our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017 include the results of operations of the acquisitions completed during the year, which have expanded our operational capabilities and market presence.