The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may impact our monetization. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. We continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. This has led to a trend of increased revenues from international markets over time and we expect that our results will continue to be impacted by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. We expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins. As we continue to look for new ways to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in research and development and our capital expenditures will continue to fluctuate. We continue to make significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Their energy and talent drive our success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. Our advertising revenue growth, as well as the change in paid clicks and cost-per-click on our properties, have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate because of various factors, including changes in advertising quality or formats, changes in device mix, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, general economic conditions, and the evolution of the online advertising market. We also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices and modalities, and our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers. We expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in future periods based on a number of factors, including the continued underlying shift in advertising buying from our traditional network business to programmatic advertising buying. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods. We evaluate our reporting units when changes in our operating structure occur, and if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, non-income taxes, labor and employment, and other matters. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. Our future effective tax rate will be affected by the tax act, which reduces the U.S. statutory tax rate and creates new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions, and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. Our international revenues are favorably impacted as the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted as the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies.