Our business environment has been characterized by industry consolidation and increasing competition among global markets for trading, clearing, and listings; the globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; market participants' rising demand for speed, data capacity, and connectivity, which requires ongoing investment in technology; evolving and disparate regulation across multiple jurisdictions; and increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 21% in 2013 to 58% in 2017. This non-transaction revenue includes data services, listings, and other revenues. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, and markets. Our exchanges include derivative exchanges in the U.S., U.K., EU, Canada, and Singapore, and cash equities, equity options, and bond exchanges in the U.S. Through our markets, clearing houses, listings, and market data services, we provide end-to-end solutions for our customers through liquid markets, benchmark products, access to capital markets, and related services to support their ability to manage risk and raise capital. The implementation of new laws or regulations or the uncertainty around potential changes may impact participation in our markets or the demand for our clearing and data services either favorably or unfavorably. Many of the recent changes with regard to global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. However, some of the proposed rules have yet to be implemented, and some rules that have already been partially implemented are being reconsidered. As we adapt to these changes, we recognize the importance of maintaining operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures and market volatility. Our ability to evolve existing products to serve emerging needs, develop new products, and respond to competitive dynamics in pricing, exclusivity, and consolidation is critical to our business continuity and organizational health. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing global regulatory demands, greater use of fair value accounting standards and reliance on independent valuations, and greater emphasis on risk management. Our data services revenues increased primarily due to the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased purchases by existing customers, and the development of new and enhanced products serving the need for an expanded range of data, regulatory compliance, and analytics solutions. We recognize that our organizational resilience is enhanced by our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity, which is reflected in our strategic initiatives and operational management practices. Our focus on performance maintenance and adaptability ensures that we can confront unexpected situations and maintain our competitive advantage in a turbulent business environment.