During the year, we focused on investing in capabilities to support the DIY, DIFM, and pro customers' needs and expanding our home improvement reach. We made further progress on advancing our customer service capabilities through our omni-channel assets, empowering customers across the most relevant moments of their project journey. We leveraged our investments in lowes.com to provide an upgraded online shopping experience and advanced our online platform by making it easier for customers to engage with our in-home project specialists and request services online. Our project specialists represent a critical element of our omni-channel offering and a differentiated capability in capturing project demand for the DIFM customer. In addition, we continued to build upon our strong foundation with the pro customer by focusing on our breadth and depth of inventory, portfolio of brands, and enhancing digital focus on lowesforpros.com. The acquisition of Maintenance Supply Headquarters during 2017, in addition to the Central Wholesalers, Inc. acquisition in the prior year, will provide an opportunity to improve and expand our ability to serve the multi-family housing industry. We also continued to make progress on the integration of Rona, including the roll-out of appliances to approximately 100 locations as well as further optimizing our shared supplier relationships and procurement efforts. During 2017, we converted five Rona stores to a Lowe's-branded store as part of our initiative to convert certain larger format locations, where we are combining the best elements of Lowe's store experience, merchandising, and brands with Rona's strong pro offerings. While we are pleased with the strategic milestones we achieved this year, we are actively working to improve conversion, gross margin, and inventory management to ensure greater success in the future. We will be taking the necessary actions to transform our supply chain, better empower our associates through training programs and the re-engineering of key processes such as pick up in store and centralized project quoting, and continue to deliver compelling product experiences. Through these six strategic areas, we are focusing our resources on what is most relevant to the customer, building the capabilities required to deliver simple and seamless omni-channel experiences for DIY, DIFM, and pro customers and engaging them in the moments that matter most. Our sources of liquidity have been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments that will grow our business, and to return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We believe that our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases over the next 12 months. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2016, when compared to 2015, was driven primarily by an increase in net earnings, adjusted for non-cash expenses, and improved working capital management. We are forecasting cash flows from operations of approximately $6.5 billion for 2018, which includes $750 million of expected incremental cash flow benefit related to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. We continue to seek compelling strategic investment opportunities to further expand our home improvement reach. Our ongoing share repurchase program is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private off-market transactions. We expect to repurchase shares totaling $2.5 billion in 2018. We believe that we have the ability to reasonably estimate losses related to claims, but it is possible that actual results could differ from recorded self-insurance liabilities.