We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content. If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. As we expand our original programming, we have become responsible for production costs and other expenses, such as ongoing guild payments. We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming, including TV series and movies. If we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, including for content that we obtain but ultimately does not appear on or is removed from our service, our business may suffer. We may decide to remove content from our service, not to place licensed or produced content on our service or discontinue or alter production of original content if we believe such content might not be well received by our members or could be damaging to our brand. Our international operations involve risks that could adversely affect our business, including the need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences. We are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business. We are subject to taxation-related risks in multiple jurisdictions. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, may limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to changes in our business and industry. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt and other obligations. If we are unable to service our debt and other obligations from cash flows, we may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of such obligations prior to maturity. If our cash flows are insufficient to fund our debt and other obligations and we are unable to refinance or restructure these obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures. We rely on the continued service of our senior management and the hiring of new qualified employees. In our industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly-skilled business, product development, technical and other personnel. If our domestic DVD segment declines faster than anticipated, our business could be adversely affected. The number of memberships to our DVD-by-mail offering is declining, and we anticipate that this decline will continue. The contribution profit generated by our domestic DVD business will help provide capital resources to fund growth of our streaming service. We believe that a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members who have a number of choices from which to obtain entertainment video. If we are not successful in creating positive impressions, our business in these newer markets may be adversely impacted. Our ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, or theft of intellectual property, which could adversely impact our business. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of memberships and adversely affect our business and results of operations.