Our platform enables our end-customers to maintain the visibility and control needed to protect their valued data and critical control systems while pursuing technology initiatives, like cloud and mobility, that grow their business. We believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. We continue to invest in and extend our platform, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on factors such as the average sales price of our products, manufacturing costs, and the introduction of new products. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe this model will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. We monitor our deferred revenue balance because it represents a significant portion of revenue to be recognized in future periods. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for subscription and support offerings. We expect our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings. We plan to continue our investment in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our platform. We expect to recognize approximately $906.8 million of share-based compensation expense over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.6 years, excluding additional share-based compensation expense related to any future grants of share-based awards. We continue to thoughtfully invest in headcount and have substantially grown our sales presence internationally. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to increase touch points with end-customers and to expand our international presence. The increases in personnel costs in both periods were primarily due to headcount growth. The remaining increase for fiscal 2017 was primarily driven by an increase in allocated costs due to our expansion of facilities to support the growth of our business. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows. Our subscription and support revenue increased year-over-year for both fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. The increases in both periods were due to increased demand for our subscription and support offerings from both new and existing end-customers. We expect our subscription and support revenue to vary from quarter to quarter and increase over the long term as we introduce new subscriptions, renew existing subscription and support contracts, and expand our installed end-customer base. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, and expand deployment of our platform and support offerings within existing end-customers. We must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. These areas present significant opportunities for us, but they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results.