Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment. These guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including improving utility operations through growth in investment in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects designed to enhance system reliability and resiliency. We strive to improve performance and reduce costs in order to enhance the value of our generation fleet in light of low gas prices, environmental considerations, and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. We continue to invest in transmission projects that focus on reliability improvements and replacement of aging infrastructure. Our focus has been to invest capital in transmission and other infrastructure projects aimed at maintaining service reliability to our customers and bolstering our system resiliency. We are modernizing our gas distribution systems as part of our gas system modernization program that was approved by the BPU. The BPU characterized the IIP regulations as a regulatory initiative intended to create a financial incentive for utilities to accelerate the level of investment needed to promote the timely rehabilitation and replacement of certain non-revenue producing infrastructure that enhances reliability, resiliency, and/or safety. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-growing economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and to respond to the issues and challenges described. We must continue to successfully manage our energy obligations and re-contract our open supply positions in response to changes in demand, execute our utility capital investment program, including our energy strong program, and effectively manage construction of our generation projects. We continue to advocate for measures to ensure the implementation by PJM and FERC of market design and transmission planning rules that promote fair and efficient electricity markets. Our primary investment opportunities are in our regulated utility business and our merchant power business. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value. In assessing our options, we consider a wide variety of factors, including the performance and prospects of our businesses; the views of investors, regulators, and rating agencies; our existing indebtedness and restrictions it imposes; and tax considerations. We are developing a retail energy business to sell energy, which we believe complements our existing wholesale marketing business. We expect to continue to pay cash dividends on our common stock; however, the declaration and payment of future dividends will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of our businesses, and other factors that the board of directors deems relevant. We continue to monitor our liquidity and seek to add capacity as needed to meet our liquidity requirements. Our total credit facilities and available liquidity as of December 31, 2017, were in excess of our projected maximum liquidity requirements over our 12-month planning horizon. The early retirement of our coal/gas generation units did not have a material impact on our debt covenant ratios or our ability to obtain credit facilities.