In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those referred to herein due to a number of factors, including but not limited to risks described in "part i, item 1a. risk factors" and elsewhere in this annual report. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 4G OFDMA- and 5G-based technologies as well as other technologies to extend the demand for our products and generate new or expanded licensing opportunities, including within adjacent industry segments outside traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, the Internet of Things (IoT), and networking. We expect our business to be impacted by the concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies. We also expect growth in new device categories and industries, driven by the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industry segments outside traditional cellular industries. We continue to believe that certain licensees, particularly in China, are not fully complying with their contractual obligations to report their sales of licensed products to us, and certain companies, including unlicensed companies, particularly in emerging regions, including China, are delaying execution of new license agreements. We have made substantial progress in reaching agreements with many companies, primarily in China. However, negotiations with certain licensees and unlicensed companies are ongoing, particularly in emerging regions, including China, and additional litigation may become necessary if negotiations fail to resolve the relevant issues. We expect that our business, particularly QCT, will continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including decisions by companies to utilize their own internally developed integrated circuit products and/or sell such products to others, including by bundling with other products, increasing competition. We expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and not welcome the success of our business model in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. We expect that such companies, and/or governments or regulators, will continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. We have taken action against Apple's contract manufacturers to compel such licensees to pay the required royalties, and against Apple. Additionally, QTL revenues and EBT in fiscal 2017 were negatively impacted as a result of actions taken by Apple and its contract manufacturers. These activities have required and we expect that they will continue to require the investment of significant management time and attention, and have resulted and we expect that they will continue to result in increased legal costs. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio, or pursue new businesses. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical as we navigate these challenges. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, our expected cash flow generated from operations, and our expected financing activities will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans.