Schwab's operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resiliency of our critical business functions and technology systems. To minimize business interruptions, Schwab maintains a backup and recovery infrastructure which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans. The company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. Despite efforts to identify areas of risk and implement risk management policies and procedures, there can be no assurance that Schwab will not suffer unexpected losses due to these risks. The board of directors has approved an enterprise risk management (ERM) framework that incorporates Schwab's purpose, vision, and values, designed to enable a comprehensive approach to managing risks encountered in business activities. Risk appetite, defined as the amount of risk the company is willing to accept in pursuit of its corporate strategy, is developed by executive management and approved by the board of directors. Senior management takes an active role in the risk management process and has developed policies and procedures under which specific business and control units are responsible for identifying, measuring, and controlling risks. Schwab's operations could be negatively impacted by business or system interruptions, errors, or downtime from various causes, including natural disasters, technological failure, and cyber attacks. Schwab continuously monitors systems and collaborates with government agencies and other financial institutions to address potential threats. The company has established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. Schwab's risk management process includes risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation. The global risk committee is responsible for oversight of risk management, including identifying emerging risks and assessing risk management practices. Schwab has specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, using periodic risk and control self-assessments, control testing programs, and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. The company maintains policies and procedures regarding the standard of care expected with all data and provides regular training on data security. Schwab's business activities expose it to a variety of risks, including operational, credit, market, liquidity, and compliance risk. The company has established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stressed conditions. Schwab conducts regular liquidity stress testing to develop a consolidated view of liquidity risk exposures and to ensure sufficient liquidity during market-related or company-specific liquidity stress events. The capital contingency plan provides action plans for certain low probability/high impact capital events that the company might face. Schwab seeks to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support execution of its business strategy, including anticipated balance sheet growth, while meeting regulatory capital requirements and serving as a source of financial strength. The company conducts regular capital stress testing to assess potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events.