Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems and energy storage products. We also offer maintenance, installation, operation and other services related to our products. Our production vehicle fleet includes our model S premium sedan and our model X sport utility vehicle, which are our highest-performance vehicles, and our model 3, a lower priced sedan designed for the mass market. We continue to enhance our vehicle offerings with enhanced autopilot options, internet connectivity and free over-the-air software updates to provide additional safety, convenience and performance features. In 2017, our vehicle production capability continued to scale and gain operational efficiencies, and vehicle production volume increased by 20% year-over-year. We have partnered with Panasonic to provide capital and operational support to manufacture PV cells, thus enabling high volume integrated tile and PV cell production at our Gigafactory 2 in Buffalo, New York. Our energy storage products, which we manufacture at Gigafactory 1, consist of Powerwall mostly for residential applications and Powerpack for commercial, industrial and utility-scale applications. In late 2017, we completed installation of the largest battery in the world in South Australia, which delivers electricity during peak hours to help maintain the reliable operation of South Australia's electrical infrastructure. We drive demand for our vehicles by continually improving our vehicles through over-the-air software updates, expanding our retail, service and charging infrastructure, and by periodically developing and introducing new passenger and commercial electric vehicle variants and models. We expect model S and model X deliveries to be approximately 100,000 in total in 2018, constrained by the supply of cells with the 18650 form factor used in those vehicles. We are systematically addressing bottlenecks and adding capacity and resources in places like the battery module line where we have experienced constraints. We are also making strides in other aspects of our vehicle production, deliveries and customer infrastructure. For example, we expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles due to economies of scale, material cost reductions and more efficient manufacturing and equipment utilization. We have achieved cost improvements through material cost reductions from both engineering and commercial actions and increased manufacturing efficiencies including better inventory control for model S and model X. We are seeking stockholder approval for a new 10-year CEO performance award for Elon Musk with vesting contingent on achieving market capitalization and operational milestones. Our sources of cash are predominately from our deliveries of vehicles, sales and installations of our energy storage products and solar energy systems, proceeds from debt facilities, proceeds from financing funds and proceeds from equity offerings. Our sources of liquidity and cash flows enable us to fund ongoing operations, research and development projects, investments in tooling and manufacturing equipment for the production ramp of model 3, and the continued construction of Gigafactory 1. We continually evaluate our capital expenditure needs and may raise additional capital to fund the rapid growth of our business. We expect that our current sources of liquidity together with our projection of cash flows from operating activities will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months. If we cannot raise additional funds when we need or want them, our operations and prospects could be negatively affected.