Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include our ability to develop, market, and offer new products and services or enhancements to existing products and services that meet customer requirements. If we fail to anticipate customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends, our market share and results of operations could suffer. We must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. Any delay in the development, production, marketing, or offering of a new product or service could result in customer attrition or impede our ability to attract new customers, causing a decline in our revenues and weakening our competitive position. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our existing products and services, introduce new products and services on a timely and cost-effective basis, and anticipate and respond to emerging standards and technological developments. Our business relies on strategic relationships with third parties to market certain of our products and support certain product functionality. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining these relationships, our ability to compete in the marketplace would be impaired. We must adapt our products to technological shifts, such as the transition from personal computers to mobile devices. If we cannot continue to adapt our products, our business could be harmed. The introduction of new products and business models by competitors could harm our competitive position. Our markets are characterized by intense competition, evolving industry standards, and disruptive technology developments. Any of these factors could create downward pressure on pricing and gross margins and adversely affect our ability to attract new customers. We face risks associated with managing transitions to new business models and markets. Market acceptance of new offerings will depend on our ability to include functionality that addresses customer requirements and optimally price our products. Our cloud strategy requires continued investment in product development and may give rise to risks, including customer concerns about service availability and information security. If we are unable to respond to these threats, our business could be harmed. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities, and the costs to eliminate these problems are significant. The failure to manage our sales and distribution channels effectively could result in a loss of revenue. Our reliance on third-party service providers for customer service and technical support presents risks to our business. We must effectively manage our indirect channel efforts to reach various customer segments. Our ability to sell additional features and services to current customers depends on their satisfaction with our products and services. We are subject to risks arising from adverse changes in economic and political conditions, which could adversely affect our operating results. Our future growth is affected by our ability to sell additional features and services to our current customers. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions, and integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our business. We are subject to risks associated with compliance with laws and regulations globally, which may harm our business. Our ability to recruit and retain key personnel is critical to our success, and the loss of any of these individuals could harm our business. We believe that our corporate culture, which fosters innovation and teamwork, is essential to our success, and maintaining this culture may be challenging as we grow.