Disruptions in global credit and financial markets could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Economic uncertainties may lead consumers and businesses to postpone spending, which may cause our customers to cancel, decrease, or delay their existing and future orders for our products and make it difficult for us to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities. Financial difficulties experienced by our customers could result in nonpayment or payment delays for previously purchased products, thereby increasing our credit risk exposure. Uncertainty regarding the future stability of the global credit and financial markets could cause the value of the currency in the affected markets to deteriorate, thus reducing the purchasing power of those customers. In addition, financial difficulties experienced by our suppliers or distributors could result in product delays, increased accounts receivable defaults, and inventory challenges. Our future revenue, gross margins, operating results, and net income are difficult to predict and may materially fluctuate due to adverse economic conditions, changes in customer demand, the timing of new product announcements, competitive pricing pressures, and the ability of our third-party suppliers to provide sufficient quantities of raw materials. We may not be able to satisfy unexpected demand for our products, and our operating results may be adversely affected as a result of increased operating expenses, reduced margins, or underutilization of capacity. The cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry has resulted in periods when demand for our products has increased or decreased rapidly. Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, and improve our existing products. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership and provide innovative new product offerings. We rely on third-party suppliers, subcontractors, and manufacturers, which involves risks including reduced control over availability, capacity utilization, and delivery schedules. If our suppliers are unable or unwilling to manufacture and deliver components to us on the required schedule, we may experience delays in product development or shipment, resulting in the temporary or permanent loss of customers. We are exposed to business, economic, political, legal, regulatory, and other risks through our significant worldwide operations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks associated with international business operations include political, legal, and economic changes or instability, currency conversion risks, and increased managerial complexities. We monitor global macroeconomic conditions and continue to assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our intellectual property and manage legal risks associated with potential claims. A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems could materially and adversely affect our business or reputation. Our continued success depends to a significant extent upon the recruitment, retention, and effective succession of our executive officers and key management personnel. The competition for these employees is intense, and the loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We may not be able to find businesses that have the technology or resources we need for expansion, and acquisitions involve risks including integration difficulties and potential loss of key employees. Our operations are reliant on supplies, services, and manufacturing capacity located in geologically unstable areas, which could affect our ability to produce products. Any prolonged inability to utilize one of our manufacturing facilities could result in a temporary or permanent loss of customers for affected products, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.