Any of the factors described below could significantly and negatively affect our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results, or credit ratings, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. We could also experience limited or blocked market access due to real or perceived differences in value propositions for our products compared with competitors. In addition, the patent environment can be unpredictable and the validity and enforceability of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. The failure to obtain patent and other intellectual property rights, or limitations on the use or loss of such rights, could be material to us. We may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products. Developing and commercializing new compounds and products include inherent risks and uncertainties, including due to efficacy and safety concerns, delayed or denied regulatory approvals, delays or challenges with producing products on a commercial scale or excessive costs to manufacture them. The inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected approval and related launch date of a new product could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. We depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. Our success is largely dependent on our continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical, and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing, governmental regulation, and commercialization. The public announcement of data from clinical studies or news of any developments related to our late-stage immuno-oncology compounds is likely to cause significant volatility in our stock price. We are focusing our efforts and resources in certain disease areas. We continue to evolve driven by this fundamental objective as we grow our marketed products and progress our pipeline. Our R&D programs are managed on a portfolio basis from early discovery through late-stage development. We continually evaluate our portfolio to ensure that there is an appropriate balance of early-stage and late-stage programs to support future growth. Our late-stage development programs could potentially have an impact on our revenue and earnings within the next few years, although we do not expect all of our late-stage development programs to make it to market. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and information technology to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations, including for future royalty and milestone payments; adequately deploy business continuity plans in the event of a crisis; and/or satisfactorily resolve significant disagreements with us or address other factors, could have a material adverse impact on the company's operations and results. We have significant operations outside of the U.S. generating approximately 51% of our revenues in 2014. As such, our revenues, earnings, and cash flow are exposed to risk from a strengthening U.S. dollar against the euro, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi, Canadian dollar, and South Korean won, among others, which can be difficult to mitigate. We continue to manage our operating cash flows by focusing on working capital items that are most directly affected by changes in sales volume, such as receivables, inventories, and accounts payable. We recognize accruals for such contingencies when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The complexity in estimating the fair value of intangible assets in connection with an impairment test is similar to the initial valuation. We operate in a very dynamic market and regulatory environment in which events can occur causing our expectations to change quickly and thus leading to potential impairment charges.