Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our investment funds, reducing the ability of our investment funds to raise or deploy capital, and reducing the volume of transactions involving our financial advisory business. Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, and national and international political circumstances. In the event of a market downturn, each of our businesses could be affected in different ways. For example, the unprecedented turmoil in the global financial markets during 2008 and 2009 provoked significant volatility of securities prices, contraction in the availability of credit, and the failure of a number of companies, including leading financial institutions, which had a significant material adverse effect on our investment businesses. During such periods of weakness, our investment funds' portfolio companies may also have difficulty expanding their businesses and operations or meeting their debt service obligations. Furthermore, negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, thereby potentially resulting in a complete loss of the fund's investment in such portfolio company. We are unable to predict whether and to what extent economic and market conditions will improve, and adverse conditions and/or other events in particular sectors may cause our performance to suffer further. Our operating performance may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and other expenses and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in revenue relating to changes in market and economic conditions. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our businesses. Our plan, to the extent that market conditions permit, is to grow our investment businesses and expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses. Our strategic initiatives may include joint ventures, in which case we will be subject to additional risks and uncertainties in that we may be dependent upon, and subject to liability, losses, or reputational damage relating to systems, controls, and personnel that are not under our control. If we are unable to consummate or successfully integrate additional development opportunities, acquisitions, or joint ventures, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy successfully. The success of this strategy will depend on the availability of suitable opportunities, the level of competition from other companies, our ability to value potential development or acquisition opportunities accurately, and our ability to identify and enter into mutually beneficial relationships with venture partners. Our success will depend on the continued service of key personnel, whose efforts, skills, reputations, and business contacts are critical to our business. The loss of these personnel could jeopardize our relationships with investors and clients and result in the reduction of assets under management or fewer investment opportunities.