Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and the results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven, and rapidly changing environments, which challenge existing business models. Technological changes are intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and influencing consumer behavior. Our cable communications business continues to seek ways to leverage our cable services network, such as by expanding and enhancing our business services to medium-sized businesses and launching additional services. There can be no assurance that we can execute on these initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our cable communications revenue or to compete successfully in the future. Changes in consumer behavior driven by newer products and services may adversely affect our businesses. Newer products and services are also driving changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where, and how they consume content and access communications services. While our cable communications business is attempting to adapt to changing consumer behaviors, products and services have emerged that may compete with our video services. The success of any ongoing and future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, business, and results of operations. Our ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among various constituencies, including customers, consumers, advertisers, investors, and governmental authorities. We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local, and foreign authorities, which may impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. We expect that legislative enactments, court actions, and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify and may adversely affect the rights and obligations of cable operators and other entities. Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments, and our success is dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies. We may incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, and there can be no assurance that we can execute on these initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue. We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure, or destruction of such networks may disrupt our businesses. Any security breaches could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy such breaches. We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with hardware, software, and operational support necessary to provide certain services. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, our ability to provide some services may be adversely affected. Weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses, as a substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. The loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses. Labor disputes may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses. We face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses, including global financial market turmoil, economic volatility, and the requirements of local laws and customs.