Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations are a result of numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic environment. The global macroeconomic environment and recovery from the downturn has been challenging and inconsistent. Instability in the global credit markets, the impact of uncertainty regarding the U.S. federal budget, global central bank monetary policy, and the geopolitical environment may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. If global economic and market conditions remain uncertain or deteriorate further, we may experience material impacts on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our operating results may also be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions particularly germane to specific segments or customer markets. We have been investing and expect to continue to invest in key growth areas while also focusing on maintaining leadership in routing, switching, and services. Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and purchase commitments is critical, especially during periods of global credit market disruption. We expect to realign and dedicate resources into key growth areas, such as data center virtualization, software, security, and cloud. However, the return on our investments may be lower or may develop more slowly than we expect. Our revenue for a particular period is difficult to predict, and a shortfall in revenue may harm our operating results. We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings or manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. Our efforts to improve manufacturing lead-time performance may result in corresponding reductions in order backlog. A decline in backlog levels could result in more variability and less predictability in our quarter-to-quarter revenue and operating results. We must manage our inventory effectively, as inventory held by distributors could affect our results of operations. We are subject to the possibility of various losses arising in the ordinary course of business, and we regularly evaluate information to determine whether accruals should be made or adjusted. Our growth depends upon market growth, our ability to enhance our existing products, and our ability to introduce new products on a timely basis. We are focused on driving the innovation, speed, agility, and efficiencies required to deliver leading technology solutions for our customers. Our strategy is to deliver integrated architectures, solutions, and outcomes to help our customers grow, manage costs, and mitigate risk. We believe our customers are becoming increasingly reliant on technology and specifically the network to meet their business objectives and compete successfully in the market. Our focus continues to be on capitalizing on market transitions to maintain leadership in our core markets and to enter new markets where the network is foundational. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on these investments may be lower or may develop more slowly than we expect. Our business substantially depends upon the continued growth of the internet and internet-based systems. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends.