We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services, and evolving industry standards. Our business may be adversely impacted by U.S. and global market and economic conditions. A prolonged poor economic environment could result in significant decreases in demand by current and potential clients for our products and services and in the number and dollar amount of transactions we process. We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. Our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information, and any unauthorized intrusion or network disruption could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security, and trust of our systems or the systems of our clients or vendors. An operational failure in our transaction processing businesses, including our business continuity and disaster recovery capabilities, could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. Interruptions of service could damage our relationship with clients and could cause us to incur substantial expenses. We may experience software defects, development delays, or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. The complexity of regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. We depend on the experience, skill, and contributions of our senior management and other key employees. If we fail to attract, motivate, and retain highly qualified management, technical, compliance, and sales personnel, our future success could be harmed. Our ability to access capital on favorable terms depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our debt securities, and the perception of our potential future earnings. Our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. The impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our results of operations. Our primary liquidity needs are to fund normal operating expenses, meet the interest and principal requirements of our outstanding indebtedness, and fund capital expenditures. We believe these needs will be satisfied using cash flow generated by our operations. We may not be able to fully integrate all aspects of acquired businesses successfully or fully realize the potential benefits of bringing them together. Our contracts with clients generally run for a period of three to five years, and clients have the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us or to consider whether to engage one or more of our competitors. If we are not successful in achieving high renewal rates and favorable contract terms, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. The financial institutions marketplace has experienced change in composition, and our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges that they currently face by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs.