A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from sales of products to treat HCV and HIV. If we are unable to maintain or continue increasing sales of these products, our results of operations may be adversely affected. We continue to experience pricing pressure such as increases in the amount of discounts required on our products and delayed reimbursement which could negatively impact our future product sales and results of operations. Adverse changes in economic conditions or other factors may cause retail pharmacies to reduce their inventories of our products, which would reduce their orders from wholesalers and, consequently, the wholesalers' orders from us, even if end user demand has not changed. We expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers which may result in fluctuations in our product sales, revenues, and earnings in the future. Our results of operations may be adversely affected by current and potential future healthcare reforms. Legislative and regulatory changes to government prescription drug procurement and reimbursement programs occur relatively frequently in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. We are required to further rebate or discount products reimbursed or paid for by various public payers, including Medicaid and other entities eligible to purchase discounted products. The discounts, rebates, and fees that impacted us include an increase in our minimum base rebate amount owed to Medicaid and the requirement to extend rebates to patients receiving our products through Medicaid managed care organizations. We expect pricing pressure in the HCV market to continue. Our inability to accurately predict demand for our products, the uptake of new products or the timing of fluctuations in the inventories maintained by customers makes it difficult for us to accurately forecast sales and may cause our revenues and earnings to fluctuate, which could adversely affect our financial results and stock price. We may continue to see this trend in the future. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. Our manufacturing operations are subject to routine inspections by regulatory agencies. If we are unable to remedy the deficiencies cited by the FDA in these inspections, our currently marketed products and the timing of regulatory approval of products in development could be adversely affected. We depend on relationships with other companies for sales and marketing performance, development and commercialization of product candidates and revenues. Failure to maintain these relationships, poor performance by these companies or disputes with these companies could negatively impact our business. We rely on a number of significant collaborative relationships with major pharmaceutical companies for our sales and marketing performance in certain territories. Our success will depend to a significant degree on our ability to defend our patents and other intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally. We may not be able to obtain effective patents to protect our technologies from use by competitors. If we are unsuccessful in all or some of these lawsuits, some or all of our claims in the patents may be narrowed or invalidated and generic versions of our products could be launched prior to our patent expiry. Our worldwide operations could be subject to business interruptions stemming from natural or man-made disasters for which we may be self-insured. Our corporate headquarters and manufacturing facilities are located in California, a seismically active region. Cyberattacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering, and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity, and availability. While we have invested in the protection of our data and information technology infrastructure, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or identify breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations.