We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. Our businesses have been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally. Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by various factors, including geopolitical instability and extreme weather events. Our investment banking, client execution, and investment management businesses have been adversely affected and may continue to be adversely affected by market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors and CEOs due to general declines in economic activity and other unfavorable economic, geopolitical, or market conditions. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance, and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes, and other mechanisms. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing, or lending positions with our exposure to potential losses. We employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, but those techniques cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. Our liquidity, profitability, and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets or by a reduction in our credit ratings or an increase in our credit spreads. We maintain substantial liquidity to meet a broad range of potential cash outflows and collateral needs in a stressed environment. We have a comprehensive and conservative set of liquidity and funding policies to address both firm-specific and broader industry or market liquidity events. Our principal objective is to be able to fund the firm and to enable our core businesses to continue to serve clients and generate revenues, even under adverse circumstances. We have established a contingency funding plan that provides a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. This plan outlines the responsibilities of key groups of individuals to foster effective coordination, control, and distribution of information, which are critical in the management of a crisis or period of market stress. We also conduct regular stress tests to assess our capital adequacy and to ensure we can maintain sufficient liquidity during times of prolonged stress. Our operational risk management framework is designed to minimize our exposure to operational risk through the training, supervision, and development of our people, as well as through independent control and support functions that monitor operational risk on a daily basis. We regularly assess our policies and procedures that address conflicts of interest in an effort to conduct our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.