The risks and uncertainties described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. Intense competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape could affect our prices, our margins, or demand for our products and services. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to these competitive pressures, including through maintenance of superior customer service and customer relationships, our market share and our financial performance could be adversely affected. Our success depends upon our ability to attract, train, and retain highly qualified associates while also controlling our labor costs. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs. We discovered a data breach in the third quarter of fiscal 2014, which involved unauthorized access to our systems and could materially impact our operations and reputation. We have implemented and regularly review and update processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We rely on third-party suppliers, and if we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers, our ability to access products that meet our high standards for quality could be adversely affected. Disruptions in our supply chain could adversely impact our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales. Our ability to successfully conduct retail operations in international markets is affected by many of the same risks we face in our U.S. operations, as well as unique costs and difficulties. We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations that govern numerous aspects of our business, and changes in these laws could increase our costs of doing business or impact our store operations. Our financial performance depends significantly on the stability of the housing, residential construction, and home improvement markets, as well as general economic conditions. Uncertainty regarding economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business, and our financial performance. We have made significant investments in our supply chain and technology, which are designed to streamline our operations and allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers. The implementation of our supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of customers' personal information, and any future significant compromise or breach of our data security could result in additional significant costs, lost sales, fines, and lawsuits. The ultimate amount paid on claims related to the data breach could be material to our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in future periods. We believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets, and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient for our operating requirements and to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments.