If our products do not achieve market acceptance, we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business. Achieving physician, patient, and third-party payor acceptance of da Vinci surgery as a preferred method of performing surgery will be crucial to our success. We expect that there will be a learning process involved for surgical teams to become proficient in the use of our products. Broad use of our products will require training of surgical teams. Economic conditions could materially adversely affect our company. Uncertainty about current global economic conditions continues to pose a risk as customers may postpone or reduce spending in response to restraints on credit. We may experience loss from a customer's failure to make payments according to the contract terms. Our exposure to the credit risks relating to our lease financing arrangements may increase if our customers are adversely affected by changes in healthcare laws, coverage and reimbursement, economic pressures or uncertainty, or other customer-specific factors. We believe customer financing through leasing is an important consideration for some of our customers. Our business currently depends in part on our activities in international markets. We are subject to a number of challenges that specifically relate to our international business activities. If we are unable to meet and overcome these challenges, our international operations may not be successful, which would limit the growth of our business. Natural disasters, terrorist activities, and other business disruptions could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Our corporate headquarters and many of our operations, including certain of our manufacturing facilities, are located in California, a seismically active region. We do not have multiple-site capacity for all of the operations in the event of a business disruption. A natural disaster in any of our major markets could have a material adverse impact on our operations, operating results, and financial condition. We are highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff. Attracting and retaining qualified personnel will be critical to our success, and competition for qualified personnel is intense. The loss of any of these persons or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could harm our business and our ability to compete. If we are unable to effectively transition the sales, marketing, regulatory, and other operational functions in Japan, our Japanese business could be disrupted. We may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against current or potential competitors, especially those with greater resources. We may not be able to rapidly train surgical teams in numbers sufficient to generate adequate demand for our products. Our revenues may be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective or less expensive than our products. We are exposed to the credit risk of some of our customers, which could result in material losses. We cannot assure that our products will not experience component aging, errors, or performance problems in the future. If we experience flaws or performance problems, any of the following could occur: loss of revenue; delay in market acceptance; diversion of our resources; increased service or warranty costs. Our business exposes us to significant risks of product liability claims, which are inherent to the medical device industry. The outcome of product liability litigation is inherently uncertain and difficult to quantify, and the magnitude of potential damages, if any, may not be known for a substantial period of time. We cannot be certain that we will be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition for such personnel among technology and healthcare companies and universities.