Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products losing intellectual property protection. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in human pharmaceutical research and development and the introduction of new products. The process to bring a drug from the discovery phase to market typically takes over a decade and often costs well in excess of $1 billion. Failure can occur at any point in the process, including late in the process after substantial investment. As a result, most funds invested in research programs will not generate financial returns. New product candidates that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market or may have only limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or payer reimbursement, limited scope of approved uses, difficulty or excessive costs to manufacture, or infringement of the patents or intellectual property rights of others. Regulatory agencies are establishing increasingly high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products; delays and uncertainties in drug approval processes can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose intellectual property exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so in the short-term or long-term would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial position and prospects. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover, develop, and commercialize innovative new pharmaceutical products. Without strong intellectual property protection, we would be unable to generate the returns necessary to support the enormous investments in research and development and capital as well as other expenditures required to bring new drugs to the market. We depend on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business; system inadequacies or operating failures could harm our business. We rely to a large extent on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within the company and some of which are outsourced. These systems and networks are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including energy or telecommunications failures, breakdowns, natural disasters, terrorism, war, computer malware or other malicious intrusions, and random attacks. We have implemented extensive measures to prevent, respond to, and minimize the impact of system interruptions. However, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent future interruptions that would have a material adverse effect on our business. We face many product liability claims and are self-insured; we could face large numbers of claims in the future, which could adversely affect our business. Manufacturing difficulties or disruptions could lead to product supply problems. Pharmaceutical manufacturing is complex and highly regulated. Manufacturing difficulties at our facilities or contracted facilities, or the failure or refusal of a contract manufacturer to supply contracted quantities, could result in product shortages, leading to lost revenue. Such difficulties or disruptions could result from quality or regulatory compliance problems, natural disasters, or inability to obtain sole-source raw or intermediate materials. The integration of the newly-acquired Novartis animal health business could be disruptive to operations, and if not done properly, could lead to a failure to achieve the intended benefits of the acquisition. Worsening economic conditions could adversely affect our business and operating results. Prolonged economic slowdowns could lead to decreased utilization of drugs, affecting our sales volume. Additionally, some customers, including governments or other entities reliant upon government funding, may be unable to pay in a timely manner for our products.