An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. We seek to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. Concerns about increased deficit spending, along with ongoing economic challenges, continue to place pressure on U.S. government budgets. The U.S. government continues to face significant deficit reduction pressures, and it is likely that discretionary spending will remain constrained for a number of years. Under such conditions, large or complex programs are potentially subject to increased scrutiny. We believe that our diverse range of defense, homeland security, and information technology products and services makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will have a long-term effect on our business. However, termination of multiple or large programs could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. We may continue to work without funding and use our funds to meet customer delivery dates, which could be at risk if the U.S. government does not provide authorization and additional funding. We are subject to a number of procurement laws and regulations, and our business and reputation could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with these laws. Our profitability and cash flow may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs, our performance, and our ability to control costs. Our businesses with smaller, short-term contracts are the most susceptible to the impacts of budget reductions. We have experienced increased market pressures in our services businesses due to the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts awarded primarily on the basis of price. It is critical we maintain strong customer relationships and seek to understand the priorities of their requirements in this price competitive environment. We face increased competition, particularly in information technology and cybersecurity, from non-traditional competitors outside of the aerospace and defense industry. Our customers are facing budget constraints, trying to do more with less by cutting costs and identifying more affordable solutions. We have also experienced lower volume due to improved product field performance that requires less service support. We routinely experience cybersecurity threats and unauthorized attempts to gain access to sensitive information. The threats we face vary from common attacks to more advanced and persistent adversaries who target us because we protect national security information. We may incur liabilities that are unique to our products and services, including combat and air mobility aircraft, missile and space systems, and cybersecurity. We have a strategy to grow international sales, focusing on expanding our in-country presence and strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and local production. Our international business is subject to numerous political and economic factors, regulatory requirements, and significant competition. We are involved in environmental responses at some of our facilities and former facilities and could be affected by future regulations imposed in response to concerns over climate change. We continually evaluate the recoverability of our environmental receivables and may record changes in environmental remediation liabilities based on quarterly reviews. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce, and we face challenges that may affect personnel retention. We must manage leadership development and succession planning throughout our business. The loss of key personnel, coupled with an inability to adequately train other personnel, could significantly impact our ability to perform under our contracts.