Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users. If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. User engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure. Any number of factors could potentially negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if users increasingly engage with other products or services, if we fail to introduce new products or services that users find engaging, or if users feel that their experience is diminished. If we are unable to maintain or increase our user base and user engagement, our revenue and financial results may be adversely affected. Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. Our business is highly competitive, and we face significant competition in every aspect of our business. We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. If we are not able to compete effectively, our user base and level of user engagement may decrease, and our revenue and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and other matters. We are subject to a variety of risks inherent in doing business internationally, including political, social, or economic instability, risks related to the legal and regulatory environment in foreign jurisdictions, and potential damage to our brand and reputation due to compliance with local laws. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. Our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. If our products are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected, users may not use our products as often in the future, or at all. We may not be successful in maintaining or developing relationships with key participants in the mobile industry or in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks, or standards. Our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from natural disasters or other catastrophic events. If such an event were to occur, users may be subject to service disruptions or outages, and we may not be able to recover our technical infrastructure and user data in a timely manner to restart or provide our services. We are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Our ability to effectively manage our growth is challenged by the complexity of our operations and the need to maintain the benefits of our corporate culture. The loss of key personnel could disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our business. We may not be able to continue to successfully grow usage of and engagement with mobile and web applications that integrate with Facebook.