The company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business would be adversely affected. The company seeks patents covering each of its products in each of the markets where it intends to sell the products and where meaningful patent protection is available. The company aggressively defends its important patents both within and outside the United States, including by filing claims of infringement against other parties. The company is often involved in patent disputes relating to challenges to its patents or infringement and similar claims against the company. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of the company's key products. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company is committed to looking for ways to augment its animal health business. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material negative impact on the company's results of operations. The company has experienced difficulties and delays in manufacturing certain of its products. The company may, in the future, experience difficulties and delays inherent in manufacturing its products, such as failure of the company or any of its vendors or suppliers to comply with current good manufacturing practices and other applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages, and delays in product manufacturing. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The company is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates. The company operates in multiple jurisdictions and, as such, virtually all sales are denominated in currencies of the local jurisdiction. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by volatility in foreign exchange rates. The company continually takes measures to evaluate, adapt and improve the organization and its business practices to better meet customer needs and believes that it is well positioned to respond to the evolving health care environment and market forces. The company believes that it will continue to be able to conduct its operations, including launching new drugs, in this regulatory environment. The company has established investment guidelines for its pension and other postretirement plans to create an asset allocation that is expected to deliver a rate of return sufficient to meet the long-term obligation of each plan, given an acceptable level of risk. The company is committed to making externally sourced programs a greater component of its pipeline strategy, with a renewed focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds, as well as access to new technologies. The company has undertaken restructurings of different types during the covered periods and, therefore, these charges should not be considered non-recurring; however, management excludes these amounts from non-gaap income and non-gaap eps because it believes it is helpful for understanding the performance of the continuing business.