Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. The ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms, applications, and services, and the strategic importance of developing and maintaining a vibrant ecosystem has increased with the launch of new operating systems and associated cloud-based services. Our leadership announced a strategic vision to compete and grow as a productivity and platform company for the mobile-first and cloud-first world. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies, which must continue to evolve with the changing environment. The success of our cloud-based services depends on maintaining utility, compatibility, and performance across a growing array of computing devices. We are embracing cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Our increasing focus on services presents execution and competitive risks, and we must ensure our cloud-based services meet reliability expectations and maintain security. We make significant investments in new products and services that may not be profitable, and our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Effective succession planning is important to our long-term success, as failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits that may result in adverse outcomes, and adverse outcomes in these claims may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. Our global business exposes us to operational and economic risks, including deteriorating social, political, labor, or economic conditions in a country or region. Catastrophic events or geopolitical conditions may disrupt our business, and providing customers with more services and solutions in the cloud puts a premium on the resilience of our systems and the strength of our business continuity management plans. Abrupt political change, terrorist activity, and armed conflict pose a risk of general economic disruption, which may increase our operating costs. Our corporate headquarters and significant portions of our research and development activities are located in areas near major earthquake faults, and a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or IT systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and maintain the digital security infrastructure that protects the integrity of our network, products, and services. The cost of these steps could reduce our operating margins, and if we fail to do these things well, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities could harm our reputation and lead customers to reduce or delay future purchases. We expect existing domestic cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months. Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and the market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive.