In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this form 10-K, the following are important factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory market from a number of companies, including Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.; Sandisk Corporation; SK Hynix Inc. and Toshiba Corporation. Some of our competitors are large corporations or conglomerates that may have greater resources to withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete, invest in technology and capitalize on growth opportunities. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flow in the future. This, to some extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond our control. We may experience disruptions in our manufacturing process as a result of power outages, improperly functioning equipment, equipment failures, earthquakes or other environmental acts. If production at a fabrication facility is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected or we may be unable to meet our customers' requirements and they may purchase products from other suppliers. We may incur additional restructure or other charges in future periods. We have implemented restructure activities and may implement restructure initiatives in future periods. As a result, we could incur restructure charges, lose production output, lose key personnel and experience disruptions in our operations and difficulties in the timely delivery of products. We believe that to develop new product and process technologies, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and capital equipment, and R&D. We estimate that capital spending for 2015 will be approximately $3.6 billion to $4.0 billion. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to timely obtain this equipment could adversely affect our ability to transition to next generation manufacturing processes and reduce costs. We have entered into strategic relationships to manufacture products and develop new manufacturing process technologies and products. These relationships are subject to various risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory technologies. Our key semiconductor memory technologies face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. We have experienced significant decreases in our average selling prices per gigabit in recent years and may continue to experience such decreases in the future. Our gross margins are dependent upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes. Factors that may limit our ability to reduce costs include, but are not limited to, strategic product diversification decisions affecting product mix, the increasing complexity of manufacturing processes, and difficulty in transitioning to smaller line-width process technologies. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently financing our capital expenditures, dilution-management activities, and ongoing operations. Our operations require raw materials, and in certain cases, third party services, that meet exacting standards. However, only a limited number of suppliers are capable of delivering certain raw materials and services that meet our standards. If our supply of raw materials or services is disrupted or our lead times extended, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected.