We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, or other factors. Our ability to achieve our business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. The consumer products industry is highly competitive, and there are ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. Our strategy for global growth includes increased presence in emerging markets, which may have greater political volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than established markets. Any significant disruption of manufacturing, such as labor disputes, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, and other external factors over which we have no control, could interrupt product supply and, if not remedied, have an adverse impact on our business. We must also be able to successfully respond to technological advances made by competitors and intellectual property rights granted to competitors. Our businesses face cost fluctuations and pressures that could affect our business results, and our success is dependent, in part, on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions, cost-saving projects, and sourcing decisions. Our ability to successfully manage ongoing organizational change could impact our business results, as we continue to execute significant business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures, and workforce optimization projects to support our growth strategies. Successfully managing these changes, including retention of particularly key employees, is critical to our business success. We are generally a build-from-within company, and our success is dependent on identifying, developing, and retaining key employees to provide uninterrupted leadership and direction for our business. Our ability to manage regulatory, environmental, tax, and legal matters and to resolve pending legal matters without significant liability may materially impact our results of operations and financial position. We face risks related to changes in the global and political economic environment, including the global capital and credit markets, and our success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage continued global political and/or economic uncertainty, especially in our significant geographic markets. Our reputation is the foundation of our relationships with key stakeholders and other constituencies, such as customers and suppliers, and if we are unable to effectively manage real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, efficacy, or similar matters, sentiments toward the company or our products could be negatively impacted. Our financial targets assume a consistent level of productivity improvement, and if we are unable to deliver expected productivity improvements while continuing to invest in business growth, our financial results could be adversely impacted. Our ongoing business model involves a certain level of ongoing acquisition, divestiture, and joint venture activities, and we must be able to successfully manage the impacts of these activities while delivering against base business objectives. Our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements is essential to achieve our cost targets, and while we have business continuity and contingency plans for key manufacturing sites and the supply of raw materials, it may be impracticable to have a sufficient alternative source.