This report contains statements referring to us that are not historical facts and are considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We expect the law will have a significant impact upon various aspects of our business operations. We may be adversely affected by product liability claims, unfavorable court decisions, or legal settlements. Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture, and marketing of medical devices. Our long-term success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. We are subject to extensive governmental regulations relating to the manufacturing, labeling, and marketing of our products. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a medical device can be costly and time-consuming. We are subject to federal, state, and foreign healthcare regulations, including fraud and abuse laws, and could face substantial penalties if we fail to fully comply with such regulations and laws. Our relationship with healthcare professionals is subject to scrutiny under various state and federal laws. We may be unable to effectively develop and market products against the products of our competitors in a highly competitive industry. We seek to maintain close working relationships with respected physicians and medical personnel who assist in product research and development. Our international operations are subject to a number of additional risks and potential costs, including changes in foreign medical reimbursement policies and programs, unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements, and political and economic instability. Our results of operations could be adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully manage these and other risks of international operations in an increasingly volatile environment. We may be unable to capitalize on previous or future acquisitions. Investments in medical technology are inherently risky, and we cannot guarantee that any acquisition will be successful or will not have a material unfavorable impact on us. We rely extensively on information technology systems to conduct business. A breach of information security could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. We may be unable to attract and retain key employees. Our sales, technical, and other key personnel play an integral role in the development, marketing, and selling of new and existing products. We believe our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and ready access to capital markets at competitive rates. We anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs from a variety of sources, including cash from operations and existing credit lines. We continually evaluate our receivables, particularly in regions experiencing economic difficulties. We believe that our current reserves related to receivables are adequate and any additional credit risk associated with these regions is not expected to have a material adverse impact on our financial position or liquidity. The ultimate cost to resolve product liability claims could be materially different than the amount of the current estimates and accruals and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We perform our annual impairment test for goodwill in the fourth quarter of each year. Future changes in the judgments, assumptions, and estimates that are used in our impairment testing could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values.