The risks that follow, individually or in the aggregate, are those that we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements. Our business model expects our merchants to react to frequently changing opportunities and trends in the market, assess the desirability and value of merchandise, and generally make determinations of how and what we source as well as when we source it. If we do not obtain the right fresh, desirable merchandise at the right times, quantities, and prices, it could adversely affect customer traffic as well as our sales and margins. We must also properly execute our inventory management strategy of delivering the right product to the right stores at the right time. We need to appropriately allocate merchandise among our stores, timely and efficiently distribute inventory to stores, maintain an appropriate mix and level of inventory in each store, and effectively manage pricing and markdowns. If we are not able to do so, our ability to attract and retain customers and our results could be adversely affected. In addition to our own execution, we may need to react to factors affecting inventory flow that are outside our control, such as adverse weather and natural disasters or other changes in conditions affecting our vendors and others in our supply chain. If we are not able to adjust appropriately to such factors, our inventory management may be affected, which could impact our performance and our relationship with our customers. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding our off-price model within our current markets and into new geographic regions, product lines, businesses, and channels. There are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to successfully extend our current business and to enter new businesses, including managing the implementation of this growth effectively. If any aspect of our expansion strategy does not achieve the success we expect, we may be required to increase our investment, slow our planned growth, or close stores or operations, which could adversely affect our financial performance. Our substantial size imposes demands on maintaining appropriate internal resources and third-party providers to support our business effectively. These demands may increase as we grow our business, adding pressure to management and various functions across our business. The large size and scale of our operations increase the risk that our systems and practices will not be implemented appropriately throughout our company and that information may not be appropriately shared across our operations. If business information is not shared effectively, or if we are otherwise unable to manage our size or growth effectively, we may operate with decreased operational efficiency, which may adversely affect our success in executing our business goals and impact our sales and results. Our ability to meet customer demand depends on our ongoing efforts to identify customer trends and preferences and to offer inventory that meets those trends and preferences. However, doing so across our diverse merchandise categories and in the many markets in which we do business on a timely basis is challenging. Meeting demand effectively involves identifying the right opportunities and making the right investments at the right time and with the right speed. Failure to do so may impact our reputation and our financial results. Our business is subject to seasonal influences; a decrease in sales or margins, a severe disruption, or other significant events that impact the business could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our operating results if it occurs during peak periods. Unforeseen public health issues, natural disasters, or extreme weather could disrupt our operations or the operations of one or more of our vendors or supply chain, which could adversely affect our business.