We may experience significant delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch and production ramp of model X, as well as future vehicles such as model 3, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our long-term success will be dependent upon our ability to design, build and achieve market acceptance of new vehicle models, specifically model S and new vehicle models such as model X and model 3. Our ability to grow volume production and deliveries for model S is subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including that our suppliers will be able and willing to deliver components on a timely basis and in the necessary quantities, quality and at acceptable prices to produce model S in volume and reach our financial targets. We may be unable to increase production and deliveries of model S in line with our plans, both of which could harm our business and prospects. Our ability to further ramp-up high volume model S production will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to use these new manufacturing processes as planned while maintaining our desired quality levels. Any disruption in increasing our production level of model S in line with our plans could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We may face difficulties meeting our delivery and growth plans in Asia, which may impact our ability to achieve our worldwide delivery goals. Our ability to manage this expansion and growth successfully will be fundamental to our future success in existing and new markets and our market share. We expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles and improve our gross margin. Significant cost improvements for model S were achieved in 2013 and 2014, including part cost reductions as well as manufacturing efficiencies. We expect that such improvements, when combined with a favorable mix of vehicles, will allow us to achieve a 30% gross margin on model S by the end of 2015. However, we expect these cost improvements will be partially offset by production inefficiencies during the introduction of model X. Our growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of electric vehicles, and we are subject to an elevated risk of any reduced demand for alternative fuel vehicles in general and electric vehicles in particular. The market for alternative fuel vehicles is relatively new, rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, price competition, additional competitors, evolving government regulation and industry standards, frequent new vehicle announcements and changing consumer demands and behaviors. We may experience increases in the cost or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of raw materials. Any such increase or supply interruption could materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. The implementation, maintenance and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support and cost. If we do not successfully implement, improve or maintain these systems, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired. Our corporate headquarters and manufacturing facilities are located in a region known for seismic activity. If major disasters such as earthquakes occur, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. We may face various risks associated with our international operations and expansion, including unfavorable regulatory, political, tax and labor conditions and establishing ourselves in new markets, all of which could harm our business.