Mastercard’s disclosures reflect multiple practices and decisions that support its capacity to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning under adverse conditions. In response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the company suspended its operations in Russia, ensured compliance with sanctions, prioritized the safety and well-being of employees and their families, recorded reserves for uncollectible balances and continued to monitor uncertain regional and global economic impacts. To enhance its operational flexibility and align reporting with management’s strategic view, Mastercard updated its disaggregated net revenue presentation by category and geography and reclassified prior period amounts without affecting total net revenue, operating income or net income. The company maintains business continuity and mitigates settlement risk by guaranteeing customer transactions, establishing an $8 billion revolving credit facility and a $6 billion (later increased to $8 billion) commercial paper program, and by monitoring global credit market and legal developments that could affect its liquidity. Resource generation and allocation strategies include generating $11.2 billion of net cash flows from operations, pursuing selective acquisitions, issuing debt offerings, repurchasing $8.8 billion of common stock and paying $1.9 billion in dividends, thereby supporting strategic initiatives and preserving financial resilience. Mastercard employs foreign exchange derivative contracts, including cash flow hedges, to manage transactional and translational currency exposures, adjusts growth rates on a currency-neutral basis to isolate operational performance, and recognizes rebates and incentives based on forecasted customer performance, updating estimates as actual results emerge. The company regularly reviews and accrues loss contingencies and litigation provisions based on the status of legal proceedings and adjusts those accruals as additional information becomes available. Tax management activities involve evaluating deferred tax assets, recording valuation allowances, recognizing discrete benefits and expenses from evolving regulations—such as final U.S. tax regulations and the Inflation Reduction Act—and leveraging foreign tax credits to optimize its effective tax rate while maintaining future orientation. In accounting for business combinations, Mastercard applies the acquisition method, using valuation techniques to allocate purchase price to tangible and intangible assets, goodwill and liabilities, thereby reconfiguring resources and capabilities to support sustained performance amid internal and external variations.