We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda.com, and rentalcars.com. We believe this growth is the result of, among other things, the broader shift of travel purchases from offline to online, the widespread adoption of mobile devices, and the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to build accommodation supply, content, and distribution and to improve the consumer experience on our websites and mobile apps. We expect these trends to continue, as we have experienced a significant shift of both direct and indirect business to mobile platforms. Our markets are also subject to rapidly changing conditions, including technological developments, consumer behavior changes, regulatory changes, and travel service provider consolidation. We have observed an increase in promotional pricing to closed user groups, including through mobile apps. Our performance and brand advertising expenses have increased significantly in recent years, primarily related to the use of online search engines, meta-search, and travel research services to generate traffic to our websites. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications, and other expenses associated with operating our services. Information technology expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to the year ended December 31, 2015, due primarily to growth in our worldwide operations. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide and to offer other travel and travel-related services. We also intend to broaden the scope of our business and to that end, we explore strategic alternatives from time to time in the form of mergers and acquisitions. Our goal is to grow gross profit and achieve healthy operating margins in an effort to maintain profitability. We believe that continuously including contracted properties provides a more consistent and useful property count. As part of our strategy to increase the number and variety of accommodations available on booking.com, booking.com is increasingly processing transactions on a merchant basis where it facilitates payments on behalf of customers. This allows booking.com to process transactions for properties that do not accept credit cards and to increase its ability to offer flexible transaction terms to consumers. We believe that adding these types of properties and service offerings will benefit our customers and our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. We have observed a long-term trend of decreasing performance advertising returns on investment, a trend we expect to continue, though the rate of decrease may fluctuate. Our international operations accounted for approximately $9.1 billion of our gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to $7.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015. Gross profit attributable to our international operations increased by 22.3% for the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months.