In October 2016, the company announced an evolution to its operating model to drive the company's continued success in the near- and long-term through a more focused investment in commercial opportunities for key brands and markets, a competitive and more agile R&D organization that can accelerate the pipeline, streamlined operations, and realigned manufacturing capabilities that broaden biologics capabilities to reflect the current and future portfolio. The new operating model will enable the company to deliver the strategic, financial, and operational flexibility necessary to invest in the highest priorities across the company. Our commercial infrastructure is uniquely leveraged for potential growth. We continue to drive growth of Opdivo by expanding into additional indications and tumor types both as a monotherapy and in combination with Yervoy and other anti-cancer agents. We believe our internal and external focus is differentiated and contributes to the transformation of our portfolio. Our strategy is to combine the resources, scale, and capability of a pharmaceutical company with the speed and focus on innovation of the biotech industry. We are developing new medicines in core therapeutic areas, including oncology, and continue to invest through new studies in monotherapy, combination therapy, and with new molecules and mechanisms of action. We remain focused and well-resourced in our first-line lung development programs and continuously look for ways to strengthen our broad portfolio and bring forward new treatments. Our four strategic priorities are to drive business performance, continue to build a strong franchise in IO, maintain a diversified portfolio both within and outside of IO, and continue our disciplined approach to capital allocation, including establishing partnerships and collaborations as an essential component of successfully delivering transformational medicines to patients. The company’s R&D programs are managed on a portfolio basis from early discovery through late-stage development and include a balance of early-stage and late-stage programs to support future growth. Our late-stage R&D programs could potentially have an impact on our revenue and earnings within the next few years if regulatory approvals are obtained and products are successfully commercialized. We continue to invest significantly in our deep pipeline of innovative medicines covering a broad array of cancers and have entered into several collaboration agreements to research and develop Opdivo and other approved or investigational oncology agents in combination regimens, including with Yervoy. The new operating model will enable us to deliver the strategic, financial, and operational flexibility necessary to invest in the highest priorities. Our focus as a specialty biopharmaceutical company is on discovering, developing, and delivering transformational medicines that address serious unmet medical needs. We are pursuing a broad program in first-line lung cancer encompassing combinations of Opdivo and Yervoy, Opdivo and chemotherapy, and Opdivo combined with Yervoy and chemotherapy. We continue to believe that the breadth and depth of our IO portfolio positions us well for the future. The increase in revenues in 2016 was partially offset by increased competition for Reyataz, Sustiva, and Baraclude in certain markets. The company’s commercial model continues to evolve, and our marketed product portfolio is growing in a manner consistent with our overall strategy. We continue to implement our biopharma strategy by driving the growth of key brands, executing product launches, investing in our diverse and innovative pipeline, focusing on prioritized markets, and increasing investments in our biologics manufacturing capabilities while maintaining a culture of continuous improvement.