As of December 31, 2016, our cable systems had 28.6 million total customer relationships, and we serve 22.5 million video customers, 24.7 million high-speed internet customers, and 11.7 million voice customers. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers subscribing to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services. Investments to improve the customer experience include hiring additional personnel and developing and deploying various technology and software tools. We have increased capital expenditures primarily due to investments in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity, the continued deployment of wireless gateways, and the continued deployment of our x1 platform and cloud DVR technology. The deployment of our x1 platform has contributed to reduced customer churn, which we believe is a result of improvements made in the customer experience. Our high-speed internet services are actively deployed with wireless gateways to improve performance and create in-home Wi-Fi networks, with approximately 15.8 million hotspots available as of December 31, 2016. We are also expanding our network of residential, outdoor, and business Wi-Fi hotspots to allow customers to access high-speed internet services both inside and outside the home. Our business services revenue has increased significantly due to the growth in small and medium-sized businesses, as well as our ability to offer competitive services and pricing. The growth in our cable communications segment is driven by high-speed internet, video, and business services, with a focus on operational efficiency and customer satisfaction. We anticipate continued investment in technology resources to enhance our operational capabilities and support business strategies, including the development of our digital infrastructure and IT systems. Our corporate and other operating costs and expenses have increased primarily due to higher employee-related costs associated with corporate initiatives and the anticipated launch of a Comcast-branded wireless phone service. We expect to continue to invest in technology and infrastructure to support our business transformation and enhance our competitive advantage in the market. The results of operations are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven environments. Our advertising revenue is influenced by the strength of the advertising market and general economic conditions, which are critical for our business performance. We believe that adding more content and delivering it on various platforms will help us attract and retain customers, thereby enhancing our market value and operational flexibility. The continued investment in our technology portfolio and the strategic alignment of our business processes are essential for achieving our organizational goals and improving overall firm performance.