Cisco designs and sells broad lines of products, provides services, and delivers integrated solutions to develop and connect networks around the world. For over 30 years, Cisco has helped customers build networks and automate, orchestrate, integrate, and digitize information technology (IT)-based products and services. In an increasingly connected world, Cisco is helping to transform businesses, governments, and cities worldwide. Cisco understands how technology can deliver the outcomes customers want to achieve, and the strategy is to lead customers in their digital transition with solutions including pervasive, industry-leading security that intelligently connects nearly everything that can be digitally connected. The network plays an increasingly important role in enabling customers to aggregate, automate, and draw insights from highly distributed data, where there is a premium on security and speed. This is driving customers to adopt entirely new IT architectures and organizational structures. Cisco is focused on providing highly secure, automated, and intelligent solutions built on infrastructure that connects highly distributed data that is globally dispersed across organizations. The company believes that data is the most strategic asset and is increasingly distributed across every organization and ecosystem. Cisco's strategy includes accelerating innovation across its portfolio and investing in priority areas to drive growth over the long term regardless of the environment. The company has made solid progress in transitioning its business model to software and subscriptions, which reflects a focus on operational efficiency and market agility. Cisco's ongoing investments in research and development are aimed at bringing a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion, with a commitment to leveraging IT capabilities to enhance business strategies and work processes. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company continues to experience a challenging environment with significant volatility and a highly competitive landscape, which emphasizes the need for operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation. Cisco's focus on enhancing its IT capabilities is critical for maintaining competitive advantage and responding to market dynamics, ensuring that the organization can adapt to changing business needs and directions. The firm’s commitment to innovation partnerships and strategic management practices underlines its dedication to leveraging technology functionalities and capabilities to optimize performance and drive business transformation.