Management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition is intended to assist the reader in understanding and assessing significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of our consolidated company. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on molecules currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of molecules, and a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. We recognize acquired in-process research and development charges related to various collaboration agreements and the acquisition of worldwide rights to products. The process to bring a drug from the discovery phase to regulatory approval can take over a decade and cost more than $2 billion. The nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products. As such, it is likely that some acquired in-process research and development assets will become impaired in the future. We depend on patents or other forms of intellectual-property protection for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. The loss of patent exclusivity for key products has caused a rapid and severe decline in revenue, which has had a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and cash flows. We face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the U.S. dollar against the euro, Japanese yen, and British pound. We manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques. We believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund short-term borrowing needs. We expect that the entry of generic competition following the loss of exclusivity will cause a rapid and severe decline in revenue for the affected products. Our effective tax rate reflects several factors, including the unfavorable tax effect of charges related to the impact of the Venezuelan financial crisis. The increase in research and development expense was driven primarily by higher late-stage clinical development costs. We recognize revenue from sales of products at the time title of goods passes to the buyer and the buyer assumes the risks and rewards of ownership. We establish sales rebate and discount accruals in the same period as the related sales. Our corporate risk-management policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of foreign currency exposures. We periodically analyze the fair values of the outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts to determine their sensitivity to changes in foreign exchange rates. We also note that, from a business perspective, we view milestone payments as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate cash flows from sales of products. The judgments made in determining estimated fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination can materially affect our consolidated results of operations. We have recorded valuation allowances against certain of our deferred tax assets, primarily those that have been generated from net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards in certain taxing jurisdictions. We believe that our accruals for sales returns, rebates, and discounts are reasonable and appropriate based on current facts and circumstances. We recognize both accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The judgments made in determining whether acquisitions should be accounted for as a business combination or as an asset acquisition can materially affect our consolidated results of operations.