Throughout 2016, we remained committed to our key priorities including differentiating ourselves with better customer experiences and improving our product and service offering for the pro customer. In addition, we continued to enhance our omni-channel experiences, driving customer engagement by delivering convenience, inspiration, expertise, and efficiency across the most relevant moments of the customer's project journey. We enhanced features and functionality of lowesforpros.com, which provides an e-commerce platform where the pro customer can develop requisition lists, access purchase history, create custom catalogs, and simplify online ordering, saving time and allowing them to run their business more efficiently. We continued to enhance our omni-channel capabilities during the year. We upgraded the lowes.com shopping experience with improved product content and search functionality inclusive of upgrades such as refined search algorithms, expanded content recommendations, improved click-to-chat capabilities, larger images, and expanded product views, and video content. We have built an array of tools to help our customers visualize their projects and bring them to life, displaying project ideas on Pinterest, Facebook, and our own channels on Apple TV, Fire TV, and Roku in addition to lowes.com and YouTube. This in-home selling program, which is a critical element of our omni-channel strategy, represents a differentiated capability in capturing and serving customers' interior and exterior project demand. We remain focused on three critical factors to enable us to enhance our competitiveness and profitability in Canada and position us to capitalize on the long-term potential of the market. These include enhancing customer relevance, expanding customer reach by serving a new portion of the market, and driving increased profitability by leveraging our shared supplier relationships, enhanced scale, and private-label brand capabilities while eliminating Rona's public company costs. We are focused on three strategic objectives to drive value for our customers and shareholders. First, we are dedicated to expanding the reach of home improvement and driving profitable share gains. We are working to serve more customers - DIY, DIFM, and pro - more effectively and differentiate ourselves by establishing market leadership for home improvement project solutions. Second, we are further adapting to an evolving customer, developing capabilities to anticipate and support their needs. We are empowering customers across the most relevant moments of their project journey, and we are advancing our customer service experience capabilities through our omni-channel assets. Finally, we are committed to generating long-term profitable growth and substantial returns for shareholders. By enhancing our operating discipline and focus, we are making productivity a core strength for Lowe's. This commitment will drive focus and prioritization, allowing for investment in future capabilities to grow the business, maintain our leadership position, and drive value for shareholders. We expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both short-term and long-term bases when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt. The availability and the borrowing costs of these funds could be adversely affected, however, by a downgrade of our debt ratings or a deterioration of certain financial ratios. Our fiscal 2017 capital forecast is approximately $1.4 billion. Investments in our existing stores, including investments in remerchandising, store equipment, and technology, are expected to account for approximately 40% of net cash outflow.