The competitive and evolving nature of the global payments industry provides both challenges to and opportunities for the continued growth of our business. Mastercard continues to monitor political and economic conditions around the world to identify opportunities for the continued growth of our business and to evaluate the evolution of the global payments industry. The company generates revenue and has financial assets in countries at risk for currency devaluation. The company incurs foreign currency gains and losses from remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities that are in a currency other than the functional currency and from remeasuring foreign exchange derivative contracts. The impact of foreign exchange activity has not been eliminated in our currency-neutral results and is recorded in general and administrative expenses. The primary drivers of changes in general and administrative expenses in 2016 and 2015 were personnel expenses, data processing and telecommunication expenses, and professional fees. Data processing and telecommunication expense consists of expenses to support our global payments network infrastructure, expenses to operate and maintain our computer systems and other telecommunication systems. These expenses increased in both 2016 and 2015 due to capacity growth of our business and higher third-party processing costs. The increase in adjusted general and administrative expenses was driven by a higher number of employees to support our continued investment in the areas of digital, services, data analytics, and geographic expansion. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s management uses non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate its ongoing operations in relation to historical results, for internal planning and forecasting purposes, and in the calculation of performance-based compensation. The company’s financial results may be negatively impacted by actions taken by individual financial institutions or by governmental or regulatory bodies. The company’s liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any of the legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. The company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities balances, its cash flow generating capabilities, its borrowing capacity, and its access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy its future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations and potential obligations. The company’s estimates in the valuation of assets are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. The company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or sooner if indicators of impairment exist. The company’s estimates in the valuation of these assets are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. The company’s management believes the presentation of the impact of foreign currency provides relevant information. The company’s management believes that the non-GAAP financial measures presented facilitate an understanding of Mastercard's operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of its results between periods. The company’s management monitors material litigation judgments and settlements separately from ongoing operations and evaluates ongoing performance without these amounts.