Microsoft is a technology company whose strategy is to build best-in-class platforms and productivity services for a mobile-first, cloud-first world. Much of our focus in fiscal year 2016 was toward transforming our organization to support our strategy of building best-in-class platforms and productivity services. Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. The investments we are making in devices and infrastructure will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, and we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment and the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses. Aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. We have recast certain previously reported amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor segment performance. In June 2015, we announced a change in organizational structure to align to our strategic direction as a productivity and platform company. We report our financial performance based on our new segments, productivity and business processes, intelligent cloud, and more personal computing, and analyze operating income as the measure of segment profitability. Our intelligent cloud revenue increased primarily due to higher revenue from server products and cloud services and enterprise services revenue. Research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years in support of our productivity and platform strategy. Our operating expenses decreased, driven by a reduction in phone expenses and a favorable foreign currency impact. We have not engaged in any related party transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect liquidity or the availability of capital resources. We expect existing domestic cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and cash flows from operations to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities. We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as continue making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. Our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses, and many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The market for software, devices, and cloud-based services is dynamic and highly competitive, and we must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The acquisition of LinkedIn is anticipated to accelerate the growth of LinkedIn, as well as Office 365 and Dynamics. The investments we are making in cloud-based solutions will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Our ability to leverage IT capabilities effectively has become a key in transforming the firm into a competitive force, as we mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.