The increase in technology and development expenses was primarily due to a $162.3 million increase in personnel-related costs resulting from an increase in compensation for existing employees and a 20% growth in average headcount supporting continued improvements in our streaming service and our international expansion. In addition, third-party expenses, including costs associated with cloud computing, increased $27.3 million. We have built our own global content delivery network ("open connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Streaming delivery expenses, therefore, include equipment costs related to open connect and all third-party costs, such as cloud computing costs, associated with delivering streaming content over the internet. Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing and production of content, streaming delivery, marketing programs and personnel-related costs. Investments in original content, and in particular content that we produce and own, require more cash upfront relative to licensed content. We expect to significantly increase our investments in global streaming content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity and may result in future negative free cash flows even after we achieve material global profitability. We currently anticipate that cash flows from operations, together with available funds and access to financing sources, will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for at least the next twelve months. Our ability to obtain any additional financing that we may choose to, or need to, obtain will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, financial condition and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. The increase in our international revenues was due to the 57% growth in the average number of paid international memberships and a 4% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership. The average monthly revenue per paying membership for the fourth quarter of 2016 increased by 10% compared to the same quarter in prior year. These increases in average monthly revenue per paying membership were due to price changes and plan mix, offset partially by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The increase in international cost of revenues was primarily due to a $998.5 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. Other costs increased $132.5 million primarily due to increases in our streaming delivery expenses, costs associated with our customer service call centers and payment processing fees, all driven by our growing member base. We have demonstrated our ability to grow domestic streaming contribution margin as evidenced by the increase in contribution margin from 17% in 2012 to 36% in 2016. As a result of our focus on growing the streaming segments, contribution margins for the domestic and international streaming segments are lower than for our domestic DVD segment. Our domestic streaming segment had a contribution margin of 36% for the year ended December 31, 2016, which increased as compared to the contribution margin of 33% for the year ended December 31, 2015 due to growth in paid memberships and revenue, which continued to outpace content and marketing spending. The increase in domestic streaming revenues was due to a 17% growth in the average number of paid memberships and a 4% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership resulting from our price changes and plan mix. The increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to a $208.1 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. In addition, we had a $37.9 million increase in streaming delivery expenses and a $39.4 million increase in other costs, such as payment processing fees and customer service call centers, due to our growing member base.