Our platform uses an innovative traffic classification engine that identifies network traffic by application, user, and content and provides consistent security across the network, endpoint, and cloud. Accordingly, our platform enables our end-customers to maintain the visibility and control needed to protect their valued data and critical control systems while pursuing technology initiatives, like cloud and mobility, that grow their business. We believe our platform offers superior performance compared to legacy approaches and reduces the total cost of ownership for organizations by simplifying their security infrastructure and eliminating the need for multiple, stand-alone security appliances and software products. Our next-generation security platform consists of three major elements: our next-generation firewall, our advanced endpoint protection, and our threat intelligence cloud. Our next-generation firewall delivers application, user, and content visibility and control as well as protection against network-based cyber threats integrated within the firewall through our proprietary hardware and software architecture. Our advanced endpoint protection prevents cyber attacks that aim to run malicious code or exploit software vulnerabilities on a broad variety of fixed and virtual endpoints and servers. Our threat intelligence cloud provides central intelligence capabilities, security for SaaS applications, and automated delivery of preventative measures against cyber attacks. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our platform and services within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. Our recurring services revenue grew to $707.7 million or 51.3% of total revenue for fiscal 2016, representing year-over-year growth of 62.5%, led by revenue from subscription services, which grew 67.8% to $357.0 million, and followed by support and maintenance services, which grew 57.5% to $350.7 million. Our subscriptions provide our end-customers with real-time access to the latest antivirus, intrusion prevention, web filtering, and modern malware prevention capabilities across fixed and mobile devices. We maintain a field sales force that works closely with our channel partners in developing sales opportunities. We use a two-tier, indirect fulfillment model whereby we sell our products and services to our distributors, which, in turn, sell to our resellers, which then sell to our end-customers. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support and maintenance. We believe this model will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. We expect our cost of product revenue to increase as our product revenue increases. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on various factors, including the average sales price of our products, manufacturing costs, the mix of products sold, and the mix of revenue between products and services. We expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs, and we expect it to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services.