Our management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition. These indicators include growth in volume, net revenue, organic revenue, operating profit, and return on invested capital. We believe our performance is inextricably linked to the sustainability of the world in which we operate. Our commitment to performance with purpose enabled us to meet or exceed every financial goal we set for 2016. During 2016, we also continued our focus on productivity, prudent capital allocation, reducing our cash flow cycle, operating with a leaner cost structure, and embracing innovation. We continued to embrace automation across the company, leveraging new tools that we believe will deliver higher rates of production in the United States and around the world. We also continued to focus on skills upgrading and job retraining, creating new opportunities for our workers which we believe will help us navigate continued geopolitical uncertainty and unrest. Our strategies are also designed to address key challenges facing our company, including consumer demand for healthier products, uncertain and volatile macroeconomic conditions, and political, economic, and social instability. We believe that many of these challenges also create new opportunities for our company and we intend to focus on building the new capabilities we will need to succeed in the digital marketplace, including the evolving e-commerce landscape. We have increased our investment in research and development by 45 percent since 2011, investing approximately $3.5 billion on research and development cumulatively over the past five years. Our success is dependent on the success of our retail partners. We continue to collaborate with our retail partners to sell our products faster, increase cash flow, and engage consumers. We believe that embracing environmentally responsible business practices will help sustain our business. By improving our water and energy efficiency, reducing packaging materials, cutting waste, and promoting sustainable farming practices around the world, we have saved over $600 million over the past five years. Our operations are supported by a risk management framework that involves identifying, assessing, prioritizing, addressing, managing, monitoring, and communicating risks across the company's operations. We leverage an integrated risk management framework, which includes oversight responsibility from our board of directors and a cross-functional, geographically diverse senior management group. Our corporate audit department evaluates the ongoing effectiveness of our key internal controls through periodic audit and review procedures. We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange rates, and interest rates. In the normal course of business, we manage commodity price, foreign exchange, and interest rate risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs, and hedging. We centrally manage commodity derivatives on behalf of our divisions, which include agricultural products, energy, and metals. We do not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We perform assessments of our counterparty credit risk regularly and consider this risk to be low. Our investment policy includes ensuring that funds are available to meet the plans' benefit obligations when they become due, and we prudently invest plan assets in a well-diversified portfolio of equity and high-quality debt securities and real estate to achieve our long-term return expectations.