The organizational structure is comprised of global business units (GBUs), selling and market operations (SMOs), global business services (GBS), and corporate functions (CF). GBS provides technology, processes, and standard data tools to enable the GBUs and SMOs to better understand the business and better serve consumers and customers. The company has undertaken an effort to focus and strengthen its business portfolio to compete in categories and with brands that are structurally attractive and that play to P&G's strengths. Innovation requires consumer insights and technology advancements that lead to product improvements, improved marketing and merchandising programs, and game-changing inventions that create new brands and categories. The ongoing portfolio of businesses consists of ten product categories, where P&G has leading market positions, strong brands, and consumer-meaningful product technologies. We are improving operational effectiveness and organizational culture through enhanced clarity of roles and responsibilities, accountability, and incentive compensation programs. The company is in the midst of a productivity and cost savings plan to reduce costs in the areas of supply chain, marketing, and overhead expenses, designed to accelerate cost reductions by streamlining management decision-making, manufacturing, and other work processes to fund the company's growth strategy. We strive to implement, achieve, and sustain cost improvement plans, including outsourcing projects, supply chain optimization, and general overhead and workforce optimization. The company expects to incur approximately $5.5 billion in before-tax restructuring costs over a six-year period, with cumulative before-tax savings realized through 2016 being approximately $2.4 billion. The company has a disciplined approach to investing to maintain the long-term health of its businesses. The strategic choices are focused on winning with consumers, with the consumers who purchase and use our products at the center of everything we do. We believe these strategies are right for the long-term health of the company and our objective of delivering total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group. The company has undertaken an effort to focus and strengthen its business portfolio to compete in categories and with brands that are structurally attractive and that play to P&G's strengths. The GBS organization is responsible for providing world-class solutions at a low cost and with minimal capital investment. The company believes that its financial condition continues to be of high quality, evidenced by its ability to generate substantial cash from operations and to readily access capital markets at competitive rates. The overall cash position reflects strong business results and a global cash management strategy that takes into account liquidity management, economic factors, and tax considerations. The company maintains bank credit facilities to support its ongoing commercial paper program. The current facility is an $8.0 billion facility split between a $3.2 billion five-year facility and a $4.8 billion 364-day facility. The company has strong short- and long-term debt ratings, enabling it to refinance its debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in commercial paper and bond markets. The company regularly assesses its cash needs and the available sources to fund these needs. The company has agreements with a diverse group of financial institutions that, if needed, should provide sufficient credit funding to meet short-term financing requirements.