Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We continue to enhance our vehicle offerings with all-wheel drive capability, autopilot options, internet connectivity, and free over-the-air software updates. In 2016, our production capability continued to scale and gain operational efficiencies. We expect that the demand for our vehicles will continue to increase as we improve our vehicles and expand our retail, service, and charging infrastructure. We expect to introduce further new vehicle variants and over-the-air functionality over time. The acquisition of Grohmann Engineering GmbH is expected to facilitate and expand vehicle production, further increasing our production automation and efficiency. In order to accommodate a much larger fleet of customer vehicles, we are expanding our sales, service, and charging infrastructure worldwide. We plan to build 500,000 vehicles in 2018, which is approximately double our prior growth plan. Our capital expenditure needs include expenditures for tooling, production equipment, and construction of the Model 3 production lines, as well as new retail locations, service centers, and supercharger locations. We expect to invest between $2.0 billion and $2.5 billion in capital expenditures ahead of the start of Model 3 production in 2017. We are developing Gigafactory 1 as a facility where we work together with our suppliers to integrate production of battery material, cells, modules, and battery packs in one location for both vehicles and energy storage products. We continue to invest in construction of the building at Gigafactory and in production equipment for battery, module, and pack production. Our agreement with Panasonic for Gigafactory 1 includes investments in production equipment that will be used to manufacture and supply us with battery cells. We plan to purchase the full output from their production equipment located at Gigafactory 1 at negotiated prices. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs, and expenses. We believe that the following critical accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity than our other accounting policies. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as manufacturing, research and development, and selling, general and administrative. Our operating cash inflows include cash from sales and leases of our vehicles, customer deposits for vehicles, including Model 3, and sales of energy generation and storage products. We expect that our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, together with our current projections of cash flow from operating activities, will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months based on our current plans. We continually evaluate our capital expenditure needs. We anticipate meeting our obligations through our operations at Gigafactory 2 and other operations within the state of New York over the 10-year term of the agreement. We are subject to federal and state taxes in the United States and in many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. We review and update our estimates in light of changing facts and circumstances. We have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of a number of variable interest entities. We evaluate our relationships with all the variable interest entities on an ongoing basis to ensure that we continue to be the primary beneficiary.