The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. In 2017, we will continue to align resources with customer demand, maintain an efficient network, and ensure surge capability with our assets. Our capital plan may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. We expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.1 billion, which includes significant investments in technology improvements, including approximately $300 million for positive train control (PTC). We will continue to invest in our network and terminals where appropriate, balancing terminal capacity with mainline capacity. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We recognize freight revenues as shipments move from origin to destination, and we allocate freight revenues between reporting periods based on the relative transit time in each reporting period and recognize expenses as we incur them. Our operating ratio increased 0.4 points to 63.5% in 2016 compared to 2015. Core price improvements, network efficiencies, and productivity gains were more than offset by the impact of lower volume, inflation, and other costs. We believe free cash flow is important to management and investors in evaluating our financial performance and measures our ability to generate cash without additional external financings. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is also dependent on our financial stability. We expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through increasing the size or utilization of our receivables securitization, issuing commercial paper, entering into bank loans, or issuing bonds or other debt securities to public or private investors based on our assessment of the current condition of the credit markets. We are subject to federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. We have identified 292 sites at which we are or may be liable for remediation costs associated with alleged contamination or for violations of environmental requirements. Our environmental liability is not discounted to present value due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing of future payments. Our railroad operations are highly capital intensive, and our large base of homogeneous, network-type assets turns over on a continuous basis. We continually monitor the estimated service lives of our assets and the accumulated depreciation associated with each asset class to ensure our depreciation rates are appropriate. Our technology and other investments include early buyouts of our headquarters building operating lease and various technology improvements. We will continue to utilize technology, risk assessment, training, and employee engagement to enhance operational efficiency and safety.