item 1a. risk factors certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. you should carefully consider them, along with the other information presented in this report. it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. additional risks and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
business and competitive risks our revenues and profits may decline if we are unable to maintain relationships with significant clients, distributors and other parties, or renew contracts with them on favorable terms, or if those parties face financial, reputational or regulatory issues.
the success of our business depends largely on our relationships and contractual arrangements with significant clients, distributors and other parties. many of these arrangements are exclusive and some rely on preferred provider or similar relationships. if our key clients, intermediaries or other parties terminate important business arrangements with us, or renew contracts on terms less favorable to us, our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
each of our global lifestyle, global housing and global preneed segments receives a substantial portion of its revenue from a few clients. a reduction in business with or the loss of one or more of our significant clients could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and cash flows of individual segments or the company. our segments' reliance on a few significant clients may weaken our bargaining power and we may be unable to renew contracts with them on favorable terms or at all. examples of important business arrangements include, at global lifestyle, relationships with mobile device carriers, retailers, dealerships, msos, oems and financial and other institutions through which we distribute our products and services. at global preneed, we have an exclusive distribution relationship with sci relating to the distribution of our preneed insurance policies. at global housing, we have exclusive and non-exclusive relationships with mortgage lenders and servicers, manufactured housing lenders, property managers and financial and other institutions.
we are also subject to the risk that clients, distributors and other parties may face financial difficulties, reputational issues, problems with respect to their own products and services or regulatory restrictions or compliance issues that may lead to a decrease in or cessation of sales of our products and services and have other adverse impacts on our results of operations or financial condition. our clients and other parties with whom we do business may choose to exit lines of business that we service or may disintermediate us by developing internal capabilities, products or services that would allow them to service their clients without our involvement. in particular, the transfer by mortgage servicer clients of loan portfolios to competitors or their participation in insuring lender-placed insurance risks that we have historically insured could materially reduce our revenues and profits from this business. furthermore, if one or more of our clients or distributors, for example in the wireless and related markets, consolidate or align themselves with other companies with whom we do not do business, they may choose to utilize or distribute the products and services of our competitors, resulting in material decreases in revenues and profits.
significant competitive pressures, changes in customer preferences and disruption could adversely affect our results of operations.
we compete with many insurance companies, financial services companies, mobile device repair and logistics companies, technology and software companies and specialized competitors that focus on one market, product or service for business, customers, agents and other distribution relationships. some of our competitors may offer a broader array of products and services than we do or be better able to tailor those products and services to customer needs, or may have greater diversity of distribution resources, better brand recognition, more competitive pricing, lower costs, greater financial strength, more resources or higher ratings.
there is a risk that purchasers may be able to obtain more favorable terms and offerings from competitors, including pricing and technology. additionally, customers may turn to our competitors as a result of our failure to deliver on customer expectations, product or service flaws, technology issues, gaps in operational support or other issues affecting customer experience. as a result, competition may adversely affect the persistency of our policies, our ability to sell products and provide services and our revenues and results of operations.
for example, in our lender-placed insurance business, we use a proprietary insurance-tracking administration system and the development by others of competing systems or equivalent capabilities could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations.
to remain competitive in many of our businesses, we must anticipate and respond effectively to changes in customer preferences and the threat of disruption from technology and alternate business models. for global lifestyle, in particular, the evolving nature of consumer needs and preferences and improvements in technology could result in a reduction in consumer demand and in the prices of the products and services we offer. in addition, across many of our businesses, we must respond to the threat of disruption by traditional players, such as insurers, as well as from new entrants, such as technology companies, "insurtech" start-up companies and others. these players are focused on using technology and innovation to simplify and improve the customer experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the markets in which we operate. in order to maintain a competitive position, we must continue to invest in new technologies and new ways to deliver our products and services. if we do not anticipate and respond to customer preferences and technological changes, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
we may be unable to grow our business if we cannot find suitable acquisition candidates at attractive prices, integrate acquired businesses effectively or identify new areas for organic growth.
on may 31, 2018, we completed the acquisition of twg. we expect acquisitions to continue to play a role in the growth of some of our businesses. there can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or new venture opportunities or to finance or complete such transactions on acceptable terms. additionally, the integration of acquired businesses, including twg, may result in significant challenges and additional costs, and we may be unable to accomplish such integration smoothly or successfully.
acquisitions, including the twg acquisition, may not provide us with the benefits that we anticipate, require significant effort and expenditures and entail numerous risks, difficulties and uncertainties, some of which may differ from those historically associated with our operations. these include, among others, diversion of management's attention to integration of operations and infrastructure; inaccurate assessment of risks and liabilities; difficulties in realizing projected efficiencies, synergies and cost savings; difficulties in keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers; exposure to jurisdictions or businesses with heightened legal and regulatory risks, including corruption; difficulties in integrating operations and systems, including cybersecurity and other technology systems and compliance; difficulties in assimilating employees and corporate cultures; failure to achieve anticipated revenues, earnings, cash flows, business opportunities and growth prospects; an increase in our indebtedness; limitations on our ability to access additional capital when needed; and the incurrence of unexpected integration costs. our failure to adequately address these and other acquisition risks, difficulties and uncertainties, including with respect to the twg acquisition, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the market price of our stock may decline if we are unable to integrate acquired businesses, including twg, successfully, if integration takes longer than expected or fails to achieve financial benefits to the extent anticipated by financial analysts or investors or if the effect of the business combination on the financial results of the combined company is otherwise not consistent with expectations of financial analysts or investors.
our ability to effectively identify and capitalize on opportunities for organic growth depends on, among other things, our ability to: deliver on customer expectations and provide a positive customer experience; successfully execute large-scale, critical programs and projects in a timely and cost-effective manner; identify and successfully enter and market our services in new geographic markets and market segments; recruit and retain qualified personnel; coordinate our efforts across various geographic markets and market segments; maintain and grow relationships with our existing customers and expand our customer base; offer new products and services; form strategic alliances and partnerships; and secure key vendor and distributor relationships and the availability of sufficient capital. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in executing on our organic growth initiatives or that those initiatives will provide us with the expected benefits, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
general economic, financial market and political conditions and conditions in the markets in which we operate may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
general economic, financial market and political conditions and conditions in the markets in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. limited availability of credit, deteriorations of the global mortgage and real estate markets, declines in consumer confidence and consumer spending, increases in prices or in the rate of inflation, periods of high unemployment, persistently low or rapidly increasing interest rates and disruptive geopolitical events could contribute to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the financial markets, including the market for our stock. these conditions could adversely affect all of our business segments. specifically, during periods of economic downturn:
•   individuals and businesses may (i) choose not to purchase our insurance products, warranties and other products and services, (ii) terminate existing policies or contracts or permit them to lapse and (iii) choose to reduce the amount of coverage they purchase;
•   conditions in and the overall health of the markets in which we operate may deteriorate, impacting, among other things, consumer demand for the electronics, appliances, automobiles, housing and other products we insure, including the rate of introduction and success of new products, technologies and promotional programs that provide opportunities for growth;
•   clients are more likely to underperform expectations, experience financial distress, declare bankruptcy or liquidate, which could have an adverse impact on the remittance of premiums from such clients and the collection of receivables from such clients for items such as unearned premiums and could otherwise expose us to credit risk;
•   claims on certain specialized insurance products tend to rise;
•   there is a higher loss ratio on credit card and installment loan insurance due to rising unemployment and disability levels;
•   there is an increased risk of fraudulent insurance claims; and
•   substantial decreases in loan availability and origination could reduce the demand for credit insurance that we write or debt cancellation or debt deferment products that we administer, and on the placement of hazard insurance under our lender-placed insurance programs.
general inflationary pressures may affect repair and replacement costs on our real and personal property lines, increasing the costs of paying claims. inflationary pressures may also affect the costs associated with our preneed insurance policies, particularly those that are guaranteed to grow with the cpi. conversely, deflationary pressures may affect the pricing of our products and services.
we face risks associated with our international operations.
our international operations face economic, political, legal, compliance, regulatory, operational and other risks. for example, we face the risk of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds; burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations and the associated risk of non-compliance; exposure to undeveloped or evolving legal systems, which may result in unpredictable or inconsistent application of laws and regulations; exposure to commercial, political, legal or regulatory corruption; political or economic instability in countries in which we conduct business, including possible terrorist acts; the imposition of tariffs, trade barriers or other protectionist laws or business practices that favor local competition, increase costs and adversely affect our business; inflation and foreign exchange rate fluctuations; diminished ability to enforce our contractual rights; potential increased risk of data breaches; differences in cultural environments; changes in regulatory requirements, including changes in regulatory treatment of certain products or services; exposure to local economic conditions and their impact on clients' performance and creditworthiness; and restrictions on the repatriation of non-u.s. investments and earnings.
if our business model is not successful in a particular country or region or a country or region in which we do business experiences economic, political or other instability, we may lose all or most of our investment in that country or region. as we continue to expand in select worldwide markets, our business becomes increasingly exposed to these and other risks, in particular where certain countries or regions have recently experienced economic or political instability, such as in argentina, brazil and south korea. in addition, concerns about the e.u., including the status of brexit, has caused uncertainty in the financial markets and exchange rate fluctuation. brexit negotiations are ongoing and its impact on u.k. and e.u. financial services firms operating on a cross-border basis within the e.u. is uncertain. this uncertainty has caused and may continue to cause us to incur additional costs, including in connection with establishing entities within the e.u. to ensure we have continued access to the european markets after brexit has concluded. additionally, changes to the e.u. or post-brexit u.k. legal, trade and regulatory frameworks could increase compliance costs and negatively impact the region's economic conditions, financial markets and exchange rates, which could adversely affect our european business.
as we engage with international clients, we may make certain up-front commission payments or similar cash outlays, which we may not recover if the business does not develop as we expect. these up-front payments are typically supported by various protections, such as letters of guarantee, but we may not recover amounts owed to us fully or timely as a result of difficulties enforcing contracts or judgments in undeveloped or evolving legal systems and other factors. as our international business grows, we rely increasingly on fronting carriers or intermediaries in certain countries to maintain their licenses and product approvals, satisfy local regulatory requirements and continue in business. if they fail to do so, our business, reputation and relationships with our customers could be adversely affected.
for additional information on the significant international regulations that apply to us, including data protection regulations, and the risks relating thereto, see "item 1 - business - regulation - international regulation," " - technology, cybersecurity and privacy risks - the costs of complying with, or our failure to comply with, u.s. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and reputation," " - legal and regulatory risks - we are subject to extensive laws and regulations, which increase our costs and could restrict the conduct of our business, and violations or alleged violations of such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations" and " - legal and regulatory risks - our business is subject to risks related to litigation and regulatory actions."
catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses could materially reduce our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our insurance operations expose us to claims arising from catastrophes and non-catastrophes, particularly in our homeowners insurance businesses. catastrophes include reportable catastrophe losses, which are individual catastrophe events that generated losses in excess of $5.0 million, pre-tax and net of reinsurance. non-catastrophe losses include losses from weather, fire, water damage, theft and vandalism, as well as general liability in commercial liability, renters and car-sharing insurance policies, among others.
we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses that materially reduce our profitability or have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. catastrophes can be caused by various natural events, which may be exacerbated by climate change, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hailstorms, floods, severe winter weather, fires and epidemics, or can be human made, including terrorist attacks and accidents, such as airplane crashes. while the frequency and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable, increases in the value and geographic concentration of insured property, the geographic concentration of insured lives and the effects of inflation could increase the severity of claims from future catastrophes. while the exact impact of the physical effects of climate change is uncertain, changes in the global climate may cause long-term increases in the frequency and severity of storms, resulting in higher catastrophe losses, which could have a material adverse effect our results of operations and financial condition. we cannot predict how legal, regulatory and social responses to concerns around climate change may impact our business. in addition, legislative and regulatory initiatives and court decisions following major catastrophes could expand insurance coverage for catastrophe claims or otherwise adversely impact our business.
catastrophe losses can vary widely and could significantly exceed our expectations. we use catastrophe modeling tools that help estimate our probable losses, but these projections are based on historical data and other assumptions that may differ materially from actual events. if the severity of an event were sufficiently high, our losses could exceed our reinsurance coverage limits and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, affecting our ability to write new business.
accounting rules do not permit insurers to reserve for catastrophic events before they occur. once a catastrophic event occurs, the establishment of appropriate reserves is an inherently uncertain and complex process. the ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded reserves and such variance may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and capital.
because global housing's lender-placed homeowners and lender-placed manufactured housing insurance products are designed to automatically provide property coverage for client portfolios, our exposure to certain catastrophe-prone states like florida, california, texas and new york may increase. the withdrawal of other insurers from these or other states may lead to adverse selection and increased use of our products in these areas and may negatively affect our loss experience. in addition, with respect to our preneed insurance policies, the average age of our policyholders was approximately 73 years as of december 31, 2018. elderly individuals are generally more susceptible to certain epidemics than the overall population, and an epidemic resulting in a higher incidence of mortality could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our inability to successfully recover should we experience a business continuity event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity event, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood, terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, cyber-attack, power loss, telecommunications failure or other natural or man-made disaster, our ability to continue operations will depend, in part, on the continued availability of our personnel and office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other systems and operations. in such an event, we could experience operational challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. the risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas, including major metropolitan centers, like new york city, where our corporate offices are located, and certain catastrophe-prone areas, like miami, florida, where we have significant operations. this risk is also heightened in certain countries and regions in which we operate that are subject to higher potential threat of terrorist attacks, military conflicts, political instability and data breaches.
our operations depend in particular upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage. if a business continuity event occurs, we could lose company, customer, vendor and other third-party data or experience interruptions to our operations or delivery of products and services to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. a cyber-attack or other business continuity event affecting us or key third parties with whom we work could result in a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or operations, requiring us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve such issues. an extended outage could result in the loss of premium income, fee income and clients, substantial volatility in our financial results and a decline in our revenues. see " - technology, cybersecurity and privacy risks - we could incur significant liability if our information systems or those of third parties are breached or we or third parties otherwise fail to protect the security of data residing on our respective systems, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations."
a disaster or other business continuity event on a significant scale or affecting our key businesses, or our inability to successfully recover from such an event and any legislative and regulatory responses thereto, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, loss of customers or damaged customer relationships, legal liability and other adverse consequences. our liability insurance policies may not fully cover, in type or amount, the cost of a successful recovery in the event of such a disruption.
we face risks associated with joint ventures and investments in which we share ownership or management with third parties.
from time to time, we have and may continue to enter into joint ventures and invest in entities in which we share ownership or management with third parties. in certain circumstances, we may not have complete control over governance, financial reporting, operations, legal and regulatory compliance or other matters relating to such joint ventures or entities. as a result, we may face certain operating, financial, legal, regulatory, compliance and other risks relating to these joint ventures and entities, including, but not limited to, risks related to the financial strength of joint venture partners and other investors; the willingness of joint venture partners and other investors to provide adequate funding for the joint venture or entity; differing goals, strategies, priorities or objectives between us and joint venture partners or other investors; our inability to unilaterally implement actions, policies or procedures with respect to the joint venture or entity that we believe are favorable; legal and regulatory compliance risks relating to actions of the joint venture, entity, joint venture partners or other investors; and the risk that we will be unable to resolve disputes with joint venture partners or other investors. as a result, joint ventures and investments in which we share ownership or management subject us to risk and may contribute significantly less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flows.
sales of our products and services may decline if we are unable to develop and maintain distribution sources or attract and retain sales representatives.
we distribute many of our insurance products and services through a variety of distribution channels, including mobile carriers, financial institutions, mortgage lenders and servicers, retailers, funeral homes, association groups, other third-party marketing organizations and, to a limited extent, our own captives and affiliated agents. our relationships with these distributors are significant for our revenues and profits. there is intense competition for distribution outlets. agents who distribute our products are typically not exclusively dedicated to us, but also market the products of our competitors. in some cases, such agents are affiliated with other insurers, which may choose to write the product they are now selling on our behalf. therefore, we face continued competition from competing products and services.
we also have our own sales representatives. we depend in large part on our sales representatives and segment executives to develop and maintain client relationships. our inability to attract and retain effective sales representatives and executives with key client relationships could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
failure to successfully manage vendors and other third parties could adversely affect our business.
as we continue to improve operating efficiencies, we rely on numerous vendors and other third parties, including independent contractors, to conduct business and provide services to our clients. for example, we use vendors and other third parties for business, information technology, call center and other services. we take steps to monitor and regulate the performance of vendors and other third parties, but our oversight controls could prove inadequate. since we do not fully control the actions of vendors and other third parties, we are subject to the risk that their decisions or operations adversely impact us and replacing them could create significant delay and expense. if these vendors or other third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or if they fail to comply with legal or regulatory requirements in a high-quality and timely manner, our operations and reputation could be compromised, we may not realize the anticipated economic and other benefits from these arrangements and we could suffer adverse legal, regulatory and financial consequences. in addition, these third parties face their own technology, operating, business and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee or company information or failure to comply with applicable law, could cause harm to our reputation or otherwise expose us to liability. an interruption in or the cessation of service by any service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, financial difficulties or for any other reason could disrupt our operations, impact our ability to offer certain products and services and result in contractual or regulatory penalties, liability claims from clients or employees, damage to our reputation and harm to our business. if we are unable to attract and retain relationships with qualified vendors, independent contractors and other third-party service providers, or if changes in law or judicial decisions require independent contractors to be classified as employees, our businesses could be significantly adversely affected.
to the extent we engage international vendors or third parties to provide services or carry out business functions, we are also exposed to the risks that accompany operations in a foreign jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, international economic and political conditions, foreign laws and regulations, fluctuations in currency values and, potentially, increased risk of data breaches. for more information on the risks associated with the use of international vendors and third parties, see " - business and competitive risks - we face risks associated with our international operations."
our mobile business is subject to the risk of declines in the value of mobile devices in our inventory or subject to guaranteed buybacks and to export compliance risk.
the value of the mobile devices that we collect and refurbish for our clients may fall below the prices we have paid or guaranteed, which could adversely affect our profitability. in our mobile business, we carry inventory to meet the delivery requirements of certain clients and we provide the guaranteed buyback of devices as part of our trade-in and upgrade offerings. these devices are ultimately disposed of through sales to third parties. our mobile business is subject to the risk that the value of devices and parts will be adversely affected by price reductions, technological changes affecting the usefulness or desirability of the devices and parts, physical problems resulting from faulty design or manufacturing, increased competition and growing industry emphasis on cost containment. if the value of devices or parts is significantly reduced, it could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
our sales of mobile devices to third parties, particularly those domiciled outside of the u.s., subject us to compliance risks relating to export control laws and regulations. furthermore, third parties to whom we sell mobile devices may violate such laws and regulations, which could subject us to liability. non-compliance with such laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our products and services and the markets in which we operate may be subject to periodic negative publicity, which may negatively affect our financial results.
we communicate with and distribute our products and services ultimately to individual consumers. there may be a perception that some of these purchasers may be unsophisticated and in need of consumer protection. accordingly, from time to time, consumer advocacy groups and the media may focus their attention on our products and services, which may subject us to negative publicity. we may also be negatively affected if another company in one of our industries or in a related industry engages in practices that subject our industry or businesses to negative publicity. negative publicity may also result from judicial inquiries, unfavorable outcomes in lawsuits, social media, regulatory or governmental actions with respect to our products or services and industry commercial practices.
negative publicity may cause increased regulation and legislative scrutiny of industry practices as well as increased litigation or enforcement action by civil and criminal authorities. additionally, negative publicity may increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our profitability by impeding our ability to market our products and services, constraining our ability to price our products appropriately for the risks we are assuming, requiring us to change the products and services we offer or increasing the regulatory burdens under which we operate.
the success of our business depends on the implementation of our strategy and the continuing service of key executives, senior management and other highly-skilled personnel.
we underwent a multi-year transformation to position ourselves for long-term profitable growth. this process included a business portfolio realignment to focus on the housing and lifestyle markets and a new global enterprise operating model, including evolving global organizational structures for our business operations and support functions. as part of the global organizational model, we are seeking to increase efficiencies and achieve cost savings. however, we will continue to incur costs related to, among other things, investments in large-scale, critical programs, particularly in information technology, procurement and other initiatives, as well as costs associated with businesses in runoff or that have been sold. our long-term strategy depends on successful operational execution, including our ability to achieve efficiencies and attract and retain personnel.
we rely on the continued service of key executives, senior management and other highly-skilled personnel throughout our business. we believe that our future success depends in substantial part on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, develop, and retain highly-skilled personnel. doing so may be difficult due to many factors, including, but not limited to, fluctuations in economic and industry conditions, employee tolerance for the significant amount of change within and demands on the company, the effectiveness of our compensation programs and competition. if we do not succeed in attracting, retaining and motivating key personnel, our revenue growth and profitability may be materially adversely affected. furthermore, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for and successfully carry out the succession of our key executives and senior management.
employee misconduct could harm us by subjecting us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm.
our ability to attract and retain employees and clients depends upon our corporate culture. our employees are the cornerstone of our culture and acts of misconduct by any employee, and particularly by senior management, could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation. our employees could engage or be accused of engaging in misconduct that subjects us to litigation, regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation or financial position. employee misconduct could also prompt regulators to allege or determine, on the basis of such misconduct, that we have not established an adequate program to inform employees of applicable rules or to detect and deter violations of such rules. it is not always possible to deter employee misconduct and the precautions we take to detect and prevent misconduct may not be effective. misconduct by employees, or even unsubstantiated allegations, could result in a material adverse effect on our financial position, reputation and business.
our common stock may be subject to stock price and trading volume volatility.
our common stock price could materially fluctuate or decrease in response to a number of events and factors, including, but not limited to: quarterly variations in operating results; catastrophe losses; operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; changes in our insurance subsidiaries' financial strength ratings; limitations on premium levels or the ability to maintain or raise premiums on existing policies; regulatory developments; and negative publicity relating to us or our competitors. in addition, broad market and industry fluctuations may materially and adversely affect the trading price or volume of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance.
applicable laws, our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and contract provisions may discourage takeovers and business combinations that some stockholders might consider to be in their best interests.
state laws and our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our stockholders might consider to be in their best interests. for example, section 203 of the general corporation law of the state of delaware may limit the ability of an "interested stockholder" to engage in business combinations with us. an interested stockholder is defined to include persons owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock. these provisions may also make it difficult for stockholders to replace or remove our directors, which could delay, defer or prevent a change in control. such provisions may prevent our stockholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context. even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if they are viewed as discouraging future takeover attempts.
our certificate of incorporation or by-laws also contain provisions that permit the board to issue one or more series of preferred stock, prohibit stockholders from filling vacancies on the board, prohibit stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders and from taking action by written consent and impose advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at stockholder meetings.
additionally, applicable state and foreign insurance laws may require prior approval of an application to acquire control of a domestic insurer. state statutes generally provide that control over a domestic insurer is presumed to exist when any person directly or indirectly owns, controls, has voting power over, or holds proxies representing, 10% or more of the domestic insurer's voting securities. prior to granting such approval, a state insurance commissioner will typically consider such factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the integrity of the applicant's board of directors and executive officers, the applicant's plans for the future operations of the domestic insurer and any anti-competitive results that may arise from the consummation of the acquisition of control.
financial risks our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, requiring us to establish additional reserves or to incur additional expense for settling unreserved liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, profitability and capital.
we maintain reserves to cover our estimated ultimate exposure for claims and claim adjustment expenses with respect to reported claims and incurred but not reported ("ibnr") claims as of the end of each accounting period. whether calculated under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), statutory accounting principles or accounting principles applicable in foreign jurisdictions, reserves are estimates. reserving is inherently a matter of judgment and our ultimate liabilities could exceed reserves for a variety of reasons, including changes in macroeconomic factors (such as unemployment and interest rates), case development and other factors. from time to time, we also adjust our reserves, and may adjust our reserving methodology, as these factors and our claims experience change. reserve development, changes in our reserving methodology and paid losses exceeding corresponding reserves could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, profitability and capital. see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting estimates - reserves" for additional detail on our reserves.
we may be unable to accurately predict and price for claims and other costs, which could reduce our profitability.
our profitability could be reduced if we are unable to accurately predict and price for claims and other costs, including, but not limited to, the frequency and severity of property and other claims. this ability could be affected by factors, including, but not limited to, inflation, changes in the regulatory environment, changes in industry practices, changes in legal, social or environmental conditions or new technologies. political or economic conditions can also affect the availability of programs on which our business may rely to accurately predict claims and other costs. the inability to accurately predict and price for claims and other costs could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
for global housing, our lender-placed products are not underwritten on an individual policy basis and our contracts with clients require us to issue these policies automatically when a borrower's insurance coverage is not maintained. these products are priced to factor in the additional risk from ensuring that all client properties are provided continuous insurance coverage; however, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if our pricing does not accurately account for the additional risk we assume as a result of the lack of underwriting on individual policies.
a decline in the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
ratings are important considerations in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. a.m. best rates most of our domestic and significant international operating insurance subsidiaries. moody's rates four of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries and s&p rates five of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries. these ratings are subject to periodic review by a.m. best, moody's and s&p, and we cannot assure that we will be able to retain them. rating agencies may change their methodology or requirements for determining ratings, or they may become more conservative in assigning ratings. rating agencies or regulators could also increase capital requirements for our subsidiaries. any reduction in these ratings could materially adversely affect our standing in the insurance industry and the demand for our products from intermediaries and consumers, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2018, our operations had a significant number of contracts that contain provisions that require the applicable subsidiaries to maintain minimum financial strength ratings, typically from a.m. best, ranging from "a" or better to "b+" or better, depending on the contract. our clients may terminate these contracts or fail to renew them if the subsidiaries' ratings fall below these minimums. termination of or failure to renew these agreements could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
a credit rating agency downgrade of our corporate senior debt rating could have a significant adverse impact our business.
currently, assurant, inc.'s senior debt is rated bbb by s&p and baa3 by moody's, reflecting one notch downgrades following the financing and closing of the twg transaction. the ratings from both s&p and moody's currently carry a stable outlook.
if our senior debt credit ratings were downgraded below investment grade, our business, financial condition and results of operations, and perceptions of our financial strength, could be adversely affected. in particular, a downgrade could adversely affect our liquidity, increase our borrowing costs, decrease demand for our debt securities and increase the expense and difficulty of financing our operations. for example, the interest rate payable on each of the 2021 senior notes, the 2023 senior notes and the 2028 senior notes (each as defined hereafter) is subject to increase if either of moody's or s&p downgrades the credit rating assigned to such series of senior notes to ba1 or below or to bb+ or below, respectively. additionally, we could be subject to more restrictive financial and operational covenants in any indebtedness we issue in the future, which could reduce our operational flexibility. there can be no assurance that our credit ratings will not be downgraded further. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for additional information on the 2021 senior notes, the 2023 senior notes and the 2028 senior notes and the impact of rating changes.
fluctuations in the exchange rate of the u.s. dollar and other foreign currencies may materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
while most of our costs and revenues are in u.s. dollars, some are in other currencies. because our financial results in certain countries are translated from local currency into u.s. dollars upon consolidation, our results of operations have been and may continue to be affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations. to a large extent, we do not currently hedge foreign currency risk. if the u.s. dollar weakens against a local currency, the translation of our foreign-currency-denominated balances will result in increased net assets, net revenue, operating expenses and net income. similarly, our net assets, net revenue, operating expenses and net income will decrease if the u.s. dollar strengthens against a local currency. these fluctuations in currency exchange rates may result in losses that materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
additionally, we may incur foreign exchange losses in connection with the designation of the u.s. dollar as the functional currency of our international subsidiaries. for example, management has classified argentina's economy as highly inflationary in accordance with gaap accounting requirements and, as a result, the functional currency of our argentina subsidiaries was changed from the local currency to u.s. dollars and their non-u.s. dollar denominated monetary assets and liabilities were subject to remeasurement resulting in losses. we could incur additional losses, which would adversely affect our results of operations. for additional information on the change in functional currency for our argentina subsidiaries and the effect thereof, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets could materially adversely affect our results of operations and book value.
as a result of the twg acquisition, we added a considerable amount of goodwill and other intangible assets to our balance sheet. goodwill represented 45% of our total equity as of december 31, 2018. we review our goodwill annually in the fourth quarter for impairment or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. such circumstances include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in legal factors, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, loss of key personnel or a significant decline in our expected future cash flows due to changes in company-specific factors or the broader business climate. in addition, other intangible assets collectively represented 12% of our total equity as of december 31, 2018. estimated useful lives of finite intangible assets are reassessed on an annual basis. generally, other intangible assets with finite lives are only tested for impairment if there are indicators of impairment identified, including, but not limited to, a significant adverse change in the extent, manner or length of time in which the other intangible asset is being used or a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of the other intangible asset. in 2018, we recognized an impairment of certain intangible assets of $20.8 million associated with the acquisition of green tree insurance agency. any future impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, or significant reduction in the useful lives of intangible assets, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and book value. for more information on our annual goodwill impairment testing, the goodwill of our segments and related reporting units and intangible asset impairment testing, see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting estimates - valuation and recoverability of goodwill" and notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price.
as a public company, we are required to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. while management has certified that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of december 31, 2018, because internal control over financial reporting is complex, there can be no assurance that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in the future. we are in the process of evaluating internal control over financial reporting for twg and, accordingly, we have excluded twg's underlying internal controls over financial reporting from management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting. we also rely on manual processes and procedures that involve a higher risk of error than automated processes. any failure to implement required controls, or difficulties or errors encountered in their operation, could adversely affect our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. if we are not able to maintain or document effective internal control over financial reporting, our independent registered public accounting firm would be unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting or opine that our financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows in conformity with gaap. internal control deficiencies may also prevent us from reporting our financial information on a timely basis; cause us to restate previously-issued financial information, and thereby subject us to litigation and adverse regulatory consequences, including fines and other sanctions; and result in a breach of the covenants under the credit facility. if any of the foregoing were to occur, investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements could erode, resulting in a decline in our stock price, impairing our ability to raise capital, negatively affecting our reputation and subjecting us to legal and regulatory risk.
unfavorable conditions in the capital and credit markets may significantly and adversely affect our access to capital and our ability to pay our debts or expenses.
the global capital and credit markets have experienced periods of uncertainty, volatility and disruption, including due to changes to u.s. and foreign tax and trade policies, imposition of new or increased tariffs, other trade restrictions, other government actions, foreign currency fluctuations and other factors. our ability to raise money during such periods could be severely or entirely restricted. our ability to borrow or raise money is important if our operating cash flow is insufficient to pay our expenses, meet capital requirements, repay debt, pay dividends on our common and preferred stock or make investments. the principal sources of our liquidity are insurance premiums, fee income, cash flow from our investment portfolio, the credit facility and liquid assets, consisting mainly of cash or assets that are readily convertible into cash. sources of liquidity in normal markets also include a variety of short-and long-term instruments. if our access to capital markets is restricted, our cost of capital could increase, thus decreasing our profitability and reducing our financial flexibility. our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and statutory capital position could be materially and adversely affected by periods of uncertainty, volatility and disruption in the capital or credit markets.
our investment portfolio is subject to market risk, including changes in interest rates, that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
investment returns are an important part of our profitability. our investments are subject to market-wide risks and fluctuations, including in the fixed maturity and equity securities markets, which could impair our profitability, financial condition and cash flows. further, in pricing our products and services, we incorporate assumptions regarding returns on our investments. market conditions may not allow us to invest in assets with sufficiently high returns to meet our pricing assumptions and profit targets over the long term.
we are subject to interest rate risk in our investment portfolio. changes in interest rates may materially adversely affect the performance of some of our investments, including by materially reducing the fair value of and net investment income from fixed maturity securities and increasing unrealized losses in our investment portfolio. fixed maturity securities represented approximately 84% of the fair value of our total investments as of december 31, 2018. the fair market value of fixed maturity securities generally increases or decreases in an inverse relationship with fluctuations in interest rates, while net investment income from fixed maturity securities increases or decreases directly with interest rates. in addition, actual net investment income and cash flows from investments that carry prepayment risk, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities, may differ from those anticipated at the time of investment as a result of interest rate fluctuations. recent periods have been characterized by low interest rates. a prolonged period during which interest rates remain at historically low levels may result in lower-than-expected net investment income and larger required reserves. though we employ asset/liability management strategies to manage the adverse effects of interest rate changes, significant fluctuations in the level of interest rates may require us to liquidate investments prior to maturity at a significant loss to pay claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. see "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - interest rate risk."
in addition, extended periods of declining interest rates or rising inflation may cause compression in the spread between the death benefit growth rates on our preneed insurance policies and the investment income that we can earn, resulting in a negative spread, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our overall financial condition. see "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - inflation risk."
our investment portfolio is subject to credit, liquidity and other risks that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to credit risk in our investment portfolio, primarily from our investments in corporate bonds, preferred stocks, leveraged loans, municipal bonds and commercial mortgages. defaults by third parties in the payment or performance of their obligations could reduce our investment income or result in realized investment losses. the value of our investments may be materially adversely affected by downgrades in the corporate bonds included in our portfolio, increases in treasury rates or credit spreads and by other factors that may result in realized and unrealized investment losses and other-than-temporary impairments. the determination that a security has incurred an other-than-temporary impairment requires the judgment of management and there are inherent risks and uncertainties involved in making these judgments. changes in facts, circumstances or critical assumptions could cause management to conclude that further impairments have occurred, which could lead to additional losses on investments. each of these events may cause us to reduce the carrying value of our investment portfolio. for further details on net investment losses and other-than-temporary-impairments, see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
the value of any particular fixed maturity security is subject to impairment based on the creditworthiness of its issuer. as of december 31, 2018, fixed maturity securities represented approximately 84% and below investment grade securities (rated "bb" or lower by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations) represented approximately 5% of the fair value of our total investments. below investment grade securities generally are expected to provide higher returns but present greater risk and can be less liquid than investment grade securities. a significant increase in defaults and impairments on our fixed maturity securities portfolio could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. see "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - credit risk" for additional information on the composition of our fixed maturity securities portfolio.
equity securities represented approximately 3% of the fair value of our total investments as of december 31, 2018. however, we have had higher percentages of equity securities in the past and may make more equity investments in the future. investments in equity securities generally are expected to provide higher total returns but present greater risk to preservation of capital than our fixed maturity securities. beginning january 1, 2018, we were required to reflect all changes in the fair value of equity securities through our statements of comprehensive income, which may increase the volatility of our financial results. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for more information.
our investments in commercial mortgage loans on real estate (which represented approximately 5% of the fair value of our total investments as of december 31, 2018) are relatively illiquid. if we require extremely large amounts of cash on short notice, we may have difficulty selling these investments at attractive prices and in a timely manner.
u.s. tax reform could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja"), which significantly amended the internal revenue code of 1986, was enacted. the tcja, among other things, reduced the corporate tax rate from a statutory rate of 35% to 21%, imposes a one-time transition tax on offshore earnings at reduced rates, allowed immediate deductions for certain new investments and modified or repealed many business deductions. while we are still evaluating the long-term effects of the tcja, the legislation had a favorable impact on our financial results for the year ended december 31, 2018 and we expect it to have a favorable impact on our financial results in future periods. however, the overall impact of the tcja is uncertain due to the ambiguities in the application of certain provisions of the tcja, the impact of future guidance, interpretations or rules issued by government agencies in applying the tcja and potential court decisions interpreting the legislation. changes in the application or interpretation of the tcja could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
the value of our deferred tax assets could become impaired, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
in accordance with applicable income tax guidance, we must determine whether our ability to realize the value of our deferred tax asset or to recognize certain tax liabilities related to uncertain tax positions is "more likely than not." under current income tax guidance, a deferred tax asset should be reduced by a valuation allowance, or a liability related to uncertain tax positions should be accrued, if, based on the weight of all available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. the realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income of the same character during the carryback or carry-forward periods.
in determining the appropriate valuation allowance, management made certain judgments relating to recoverability of deferred tax assets, use of tax loss and tax credit carry-forwards, levels of expected future taxable income and available tax planning strategies. the assumptions in making these judgments are updated periodically on the basis of current business conditions affecting us and overall economic conditions. these management judgments are therefore subject to change due to factors that include, but are not limited to, changes in our ability to realize sufficient taxable income of the same character in the same jurisdiction or in our ability to execute other tax planning strategies. furthermore, any future changes in tax laws could impact the value of our deferred tax assets. management will continue to assess and determine the need for, and the amount of, the valuation allowance in subsequent periods. any change in the valuation allowance could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
reinsurance may not be adequate or available to protect us against losses, and we are subject to the credit risk of reinsurers.
as part of our overall risk and capacity management strategy, we purchase reinsurance for certain risks underwritten by our various operating segments. although reinsurers are liable to us for claims properly ceded under our reinsurance arrangements, we remain liable to the insured as the direct insurer on all risks reinsured. ceded reinsurance arrangements therefore do not eliminate our obligation to pay claims. we are subject to credit risk with respect to our ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers. the inability to collect amounts due from reinsurers could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
reinsurance for certain types of catastrophes could become unavailable or prohibitively expensive for some of our businesses. in such a situation, we might also be adversely affected by state and other regulations that prohibit us from excluding catastrophe exposures or from withdrawing from or increasing premium rates in catastrophe-prone areas.
our reinsurance facilities are generally subject to annual renewal. we may not be able to maintain our current reinsurance facilities or obtain other reinsurance facilities in adequate amounts and at favorable rates. inability to obtain reinsurance at favorable rates or at all could cause us to reduce the level of our underwriting commitments, take more risk, or incur higher costs. any of these developments could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
through reinsurance, we have sold or exited businesses that could again become our direct financial and administrative responsibility if the reinsurers become insolvent.
in the past, we have sold, and in the future we may sell, businesses through reinsurance ceded to third parties. we have also exited certain businesses through reinsurance. for example, we have sold our long-term care division, the insurance operations of our fortis financial group division, including individual life operations and annuity business, and our assurant employee benefits segment. the reinsurance recoverable relating to these dispositions was $4.41 billion as of december 31, 2018. the four reinsurers with the largest reinsurance recoverable balances relating to these dispositions were sun life assurance company of canada ("sun life"), john hancock life insurance company ("john hancock"), talcott resolution life and annuity insurance company ("talcott resolution") and employers reassurance corporation ("erac"). the a.m. best ratings of sun life, john hancock, talcott resolution and erac are currently a+, a+, b++ and b+, respectively. most of the assets backing reserves coinsured under these and other sales are held in trusts or separate accounts. however, if the reinsurers became insolvent, the assets in the trusts or separate accounts could prove insufficient to support the liabilities that would revert to us. in addition, there are no assets or other collateral backing reserves relating to reinsurance recoverable for erac.
we also face the risk of again becoming responsible for administering these businesses in the event of reinsurer insolvency. we do not currently have the administrative systems and capabilities to process these businesses. accordingly, we would need to obtain those capabilities in the event of an insolvency of one or more of the reinsurers. we might be forced to obtain such capabilities on unfavorable terms with a resulting material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, other third parties to whom we have sold businesses in the past may in turn sell these businesses to other third parties, through reinsurance or otherwise, and we could face credit risks and risks related to the new administrative systems and capabilities of these third parties in administering these businesses.
for more information on these arrangements, including the reinsurance recoverables and risk mitigation mechanisms used, see "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks - credit risk."
due to the structure of our commission program, we are exposed to risks related to the creditworthiness and reporting systems of some of our agents, third-party administrators and clients.
we are subject to the credit risk of some of the agents, third-party administrators and clients with which we contract in our businesses. for example, we advance agents' commissions as part of our preneed insurance offerings. these advances are a percentage of the total face amount of coverage. there is a one-year payback provision against the agency if death or lapse occurs within the first policy year. if sci, which receives the largest share of such agent commissions, were unable to fulfill its payback obligations, this could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition.
in addition, some of our agents, third-party administrators and clients collect and report premiums or pay claims on our behalf. these parties' failure to remit all premiums collected or to pay claims on our behalf on a timely and accurate basis could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
our subsidiaries' inability to pay us sufficient dividends could prevent us from meeting our obligations and paying future stockholder dividends.
as a holding company whose principal assets are the capital stock of our subsidiaries, we rely primarily on dividends and other statutorily permissible payments from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations for payment of interest and principal on outstanding debt obligations, to repurchase shares or debt, to acquire new businesses and to pay dividends to common and preferred stockholders and corporate expenses. our subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends and to make such other payments depends on their gaap equity or statutory surplus, future earnings, cash position, rating agency requirements and regulatory restrictions, as applicable. except to the extent that we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, claims of our subsidiaries' creditors, including policyholders, have priority over our claims with respect to our subsidiaries' assets and earnings. if any of our subsidiaries should become insolvent, liquidate or otherwise reorganize, our creditors and stockholders will have no right to proceed against our subsidiaries' assets or to cause the liquidation, bankruptcy or winding-up of our subsidiaries under applicable liquidation, bankruptcy or winding-up laws. the applicable insurance laws of the jurisdiction where each of our insurance subsidiaries is domiciled would govern any proceedings relating to that subsidiary and the insurance authority of that jurisdiction would act as a liquidator or rehabilitator for the subsidiary. both creditors and policyholders of the subsidiary would be entitled to payment in full from the subsidiary's assets before we, as a stockholder, would be entitled to receive any distribution from the subsidiary.
the payment of dividends by any of our regulated domestic insurance company subsidiaries in excess of specified amounts (i.e., extraordinary dividends) must be approved by the subsidiary's domiciliary jurisdiction department of insurance. ordinary dividends, for which no regulatory approval is generally required, are limited to amounts determined by a formula, which varies by jurisdiction. the formula for the majority of the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries are domiciled is based on the prior year's statutory net income or 10% of the statutory surplus as of the end of the prior year. some jurisdictions have an additional stipulation that dividends may only be paid out of earned surplus. if insurance regulators determine that payment of an ordinary dividend or any other payments by our insurance subsidiaries to us (such as payments under a tax sharing agreement or payments for employee or other services) would be adverse to policyholders or creditors, they may block such payments that would otherwise be permitted without prior approval. future regulatory actions could further restrict our insurance subsidiaries' ability to pay us dividends. for more information on the maximum amount of dividends our regulated u.s. domiciled insurance subsidiaries could pay us in 2019 under applicable laws and regulations, without prior regulatory approval, see "item 5 - market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities - dividend policy."
any additional material restrictions on our insurance subsidiaries' ability to pay us dividends could adversely affect our ability to pay any dividends on our common and preferred stock, service our debt and pay other corporate expenses.
our ability to declare and pay dividends on our capital stock or repurchase shares may be limited.
our declaration and payment of dividends on our common and preferred stock in the future will be determined by the board in its sole discretion and will depend on our financial condition, earnings, growth prospects, other uses of cash, funding requirements, applicable law and other factors the board deems relevant. the payment of dividends on our common stock is subject to the preferential rights of the mandatory convertible preferred stock and other preferred stock that the board may create from time to time. the credit facility also contains limitations on our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders if we are in default, or such dividend payments would cause us to be in default, of our obligations thereunder. in addition, if we defer the payment of interest on our subordinated notes (as defined hereafter), we generally may not make payments on our capital stock. furthermore, the agreements governing any of our or our subsidiaries' future indebtedness may limit our ability to declare and pay dividends on our common and preferred stock. in the event that any agreements governing any such indebtedness restrict our ability to declare and pay dividends in cash on our common and preferred stock, we may be unable to declare and pay dividends in cash on our common or preferred stock unless we can repay or refinance the amounts outstanding under such agreements.
no common stock may be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration unless all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock for all preceding dividend periods have been declared and paid in full, subject to certain limited exceptions. in addition, at any time when we have given notice of our election to defer interest payments on the subordinated notes, we generally may not purchase any shares of our capital stock, subject to certain limited exceptions.
we may be adversely affected by changes in the method for determining libor or the replacement of libor.
as a result of concerns regarding the accuracy of the calculation of libor, a number of british bankers' association (the "bba") member banks entered into settlements with certain regulators and law enforcement agencies with respect to the alleged manipulation of libor. actions by the bba, regulators or law enforcement agencies as a result of these or future events may result in changes to the manner in which libor is determined. in addition, changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of libor may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported libor. additionally, the u.k. financial conduct authority has announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor rates after 2021, which is expected to result in libor rates no longer being available. uncertainty regarding potential changes to libor, the establishment of alternative reference rates and other reforms may adversely affect the trading market for libor-based securities, including those held in our investment portfolio.
technology, cybersecurity and privacy risks the failure to effectively maintain and modernize our information technology systems and infrastructure and integrate those of acquired businesses could adversely affect our business.
the success of our business depends on our ability to maintain effective, secure and reliable information technology systems and infrastructure and to modernize them to support current and new clients and grow in an efficient and cost-effective manner. we are working on enhancing existing systems and developing new systems and products, including to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology and evolving industry and regulatory requirements. we are also updating certain operations and financial systems, procedures and controls; however, we still rely on manual processes and procedures that may not scale proportionately with our business growth and subject us to increased risk of error compared to automated processes. we must integrate the systems of acquired businesses effectively so that technology gained through acquisitions meets the required level of security and performance capabilities to avoid additional risk to existing operations.
our ability to modernize our information technology systems and infrastructure requires us to execute large-scale, complex programs and projects, which rely on the commitment of significant financial and managerial resources and effective planning and management processes. we may be unable to implement these programs and projects effectively, efficiently or timely, which could result in poor customer experience, cost overruns, additional expenses, reputational harm, legal and regulatory actions and other adverse consequences.
if we are unable to maintain information technology systems, procedures and controls that function effectively without interruption and securely (including through a failure to replace or update redundant or obsolete hardware, applications or software systems) or to update or integrate our systems, we may not be able to successfully offer our products, grow our business and account for transactions in an appropriate and timely manner and our relationships with clients could be adversely affected. failures that result in the unavailability of information technology systems upon which our clients rely could result in loss of business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. for risks relating to the security of our information technology systems and cyber-attacks, see " - we could incur significant liability if our information systems or those of third parties are breached or we or third parties otherwise fail to protect the security of data residing on our respective systems, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations."
we could incur significant liability if our information systems or those of third parties are breached or we or third parties otherwise fail to protect the security of data residing on our respective systems, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we rely on the uninterrupted and secure operation of our information technology systems to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. this electronic information includes confidential and other sensitive information, including personal data, that we receive from our customers, vendors and other third parties. in the normal course of business, we also share confidential and other sensitive information with our vendors and other third parties. our information technology systems and safety control systems and those of our vendors and other third parties are vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses, malware, ransomware and other types of data and systems related events. our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats such as improper action by employees, vendors and other third parties who may have otherwise legitimate access to our systems. our call centers subject us to additional risk from internal threats due to access to personal information. moreover, we face the ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment. the latency of a compromise is often measured in months but could be years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner. we could experience significant financial and reputational harm if our information systems are breached, sensitive client or company data are compromised, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time or maliciously made public, or if we fail to make adequate disclosures to the public or law enforcement agencies following any such event.
cyber threats are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated. we are at risk of attack by a growing list of adversaries, including state-sponsored organizations, organized crime, hackers and "hacktivists" (activist hackers), through use of increasingly sophisticated methods of attack, including long-term, persistent attacks referred to as advanced persistent threats or attacks via yet unknown vulnerabilities referred to as zero-day threats. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures, resulting in potential data loss or other damage to information technology systems. as the breadth and complexity of the technologies we use continue to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile devices, cloud services, social media and the increased reliance on devices connected to the internet, the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks also increases.
our data protection measures may not be effective to protect our network and systems from such threats. should an attacker gain access to our network using compromised credentials of an authorized user or otherwise, we are at risk that the attacker might successfully leverage that access to compromise additional systems and data. certain measures that could increase the security of our systems take significant time and resources to deploy broadly and may not be effective against an attack. additionally, our policies, procedures and technical safeguards may be insufficient to prevent or detect improper access to confidential, personal or proprietary information and other cybersecurity incidents, assess the severity or impact of any such incidents or appropriately respond in a timely manner. the inability to implement, maintain and upgrade effective protective measures and other safeguards or adequately respond to a breach could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our information systems must be continually updated, patched and upgraded to protect against vulnerabilities. the volume of new software vulnerabilities has increased markedly, as has the criticality of patches and other remedial measures. accordingly, we are at risk that cyber attackers exploit these vulnerabilities before they have been addressed. due to the large number and age of the systems and platforms that we operate and the increased frequency at which vendors issue security patches to their products, the need to test patches and, in some cases coordinate with clients and vendors, before they can be deployed, we are at risk that we cannot deploy in a timely and effective manner. we are also dependent on vendors and other third parties, like cloud service providers, to keep their systems patched in order to protect our data. any failure related to these activities could have a material adverse effect on our business. we have numerous vendors and other third parties who receive data from us in connection with the services we offer our customers. in addition, we have migrated certain data, and may increasingly migrate data, to the cloud hosted by third-party providers. we are at risk of a cyber-attack involving a vendor or other third-party, which could result in a breakdown of such third-party's data protection measures or access to our infrastructure through the third-party. to the extent that a vendor or third-party suffers a cyber-attack that compromises their operations, our data and our customers' data could be compromised or we may experience possible service interruption, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the process of integrating the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. for instance, we may not adequately identify weaknesses in an acquired entity's information systems, either before or after the acquisition, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyber-attack. we may also be unable to integrate the systems of the businesses we acquire into our environment in a timely manner, which could further increase these risks until such integration takes place.
we have from time to time experienced data incidents and cybersecurity breaches, such as malware incursions (including computer viruses and ransomware), users exceeding their data access authorization, employee misconduct and incidents resulting from human error, such as loss of portable and other data storage devices. like many companies, we are subject to regular phishing email campaigns directed at our employees that can result in malware infections and data losses. although these incidents have resulted in data loss and other damages, to date, they have not had a material adverse effect on our business or operations. in the future, these types of incidents could result in confidential, personal or proprietary information being lost or stolen, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time, or maliciously made public, including client, employee or company data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
improper access to or disclosure of sensitive client or company information could harm our reputation and subject us to significant liability under our contracts, as well as under existing or future laws, rules and regulations. in the event of a cyber-attack, we might have to take our systems offline, which could interfere with services to our clients or damage our reputation. we also may be unable to detect an incident, assess its severity or impact, or appropriately respond in a timely manner. we may be required to expend significant additional resources to mitigate the damage and to protect against future damage. in addition, our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related data and system incidents.
the costs of complying with, or our failure to comply with, u.s. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and reputation.
in providing services and solutions to our customers and operating our business, we store and transfer sensitive customer, end-consumer and company data, including personal data, in and across multiple jurisdictions. as a result, we are or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the u.s. and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. these laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. the scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. for example, gdpr, which became effective in may 2018, greatly increased the jurisdictional reach of the european commission's laws and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, such as the public disclosure of significant data breaches, privacy impact assessments, data portability and the appointment of data protection officers. additionally, in august 2018, brazil passed its first privacy law, which is modeled after gdpr. at the state level, the new york state department of financial services has issued cybersecurity regulations that impose an array of detailed security measures on covered entities and california passed a comprehensive privacy act that increases california residents' privacy rights in a manner similar to gdpr. all of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time and may restrict the way services involving data are offered, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations. complying with these and similar laws and regulations also requires us to make significant changes to our operations, which rely on the commitment of significant financial and managerial resources and effective planning and management processes. we may be unable to implement required operational changes effectively, efficiently or timely, which could result in cost overruns, additional expenses, reputational harm, legal and regulatory actions and other adverse consequences.
unauthorized disclosure or transfer of personal or otherwise sensitive data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud, misappropriation or other means, by us, our vendors or other parties with whom we do business could subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines, criminal prosecution and other adverse consequences in one or more jurisdictions. for example, under gdpr, violations could result in a fine of up to 4% of a corporation's global annual revenue. such events could also result in negative publicity and damage to our reputation and cause us to lose clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to extensive laws and regulations, which increase our costs and could restrict the conduct of our business, and violations or alleged violations of such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations.
we are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the u.s. and its various states and territories, the e.u. and its member states and the other jurisdictions in which we operate. for example, we are subject to regulation by state and territory insurance regulators in the u.s., by the prudential regulatory authority and the financial conduct authority in the u.k. and agencies such as the sec, both in our capacity as a publicly-traded company and through our registered investment adviser subsidiaries. we are also subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, such as the fcpa and the u.k. anti-bribery act, trade sanctions, export control regulations and restrictions and anti-money laundering laws. we are subject to other laws and regulations on matters as diverse as antitrust, internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, data privacy and protection, taxation, environmental protection, wage-and-hour standards and employment and labor relations. furthermore, our domestic and international insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulatory oversight, including, but not limited to: restrictions and requirements related to licensing; capital, surplus and dividends; underwriting limitations; the ability to enter and exit markets; statutory accounting and other disclosure requirements; coverage; the ability to provide, terminate or cancel certain coverages; premium rates, including regulatory ability to disapprove or reduce the premium rates companies may charge; trade and claims practices; content of disclosures to consumers; type, amount and valuation of investments; assessments or other surcharges for guaranty funds and companies' ability to recover assessments through premium increases; and market conduct and sales practices. for additional discussion of the various laws and regulations affecting our business, see "item 1 - business - regulation."
the u.s. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to our operations are complex and may change rapidly, and our efforts to comply and keep up with them require significant resources and increase the costs and risks of doing business in these jurisdictions. the regulations we are subject to have become more stringent over time, may decrease the need for our services, impose significant operational limits on our business and may be inconsistent across jurisdictions. further, the laws and regulations affecting our business are subject to change as a result of, among other things, new interpretations and judicial decisions, and any such changes may increase the regulatory requirements imposed on us, impact the way we are able to do business and significantly harm our business and results of operations. while we attempt to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we or our employees, consultants, contractors and other agents are in full compliance with such laws and regulations at all times or that we will be able to comply with any future laws or regulations. if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to investigations, criminal penalties, civil remedies or other adverse consequences, including fines, injunctions, loss of an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight by regulatory authorities, the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business, redress to clients, exposure to negative publicity or reputational damage and harm to client, employee and other relationships. moreover, our failure to comply with laws or regulations in one jurisdiction may result in increased regulatory scrutiny by other regulatory agencies in that jurisdiction or regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions. the cost of compliance and the consequences of non-compliance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our business is subject to risks related to litigation and regulatory actions.
from time to time, we may be subject to a variety of legal and regulatory actions relating to our current and past business operations, including, but not limited to:
•   industry-wide investigations regarding business practices, including, but not limited to, the use and marketing of certain types of insurance policies or certificates of insurance;
•   actions by regulatory authorities that may restrict our ability to increase or maintain our premium rates, require us to reduce premium rates, impose fines or penalties and result in other expenses;
•   market conduct examinations, for which we are required to pay the expenses of the regulator as well as our own expenses, and which may result in fines, penalties, and other adverse consequences;
•   disputes regarding our lender-placed insurance products including those relating to rates, agent compensation, consumer disclosure, continuous coverage requirements, loan tracking services and other services that we provide to mortgage servicers;
•   disputes over coverage or claims adjudication;
•   disputes over our treatment of claims, in which states or insureds may allege that we failed to make required payments or meet prescribed deadlines for adjudicating claims;
•   disputes regarding regulatory compliance, sales practices, disclosures, premium refunds, licensing, underwriting and compensation arrangements;
•   disputes over claims under comprehensive general liability policies involving property damage or bodily injury at insured facilities;
•   disputes alleging bundling of credit insurance and warranty products with other products provided by financial institutions;
•   disputes with tax and insurance authorities regarding our tax liabilities; and
•   disputes relating to customers' claims that they were not aware of the full cost or existence of the insurance or limitations on insurance coverage.
further, actions by certain regulators may cause additional changes to the structure of the lender-placed insurance industry, including the arrangements under which we track coverage on mortgaged properties. these changes could materially adversely affect the results of operations of global housing and the results of operations and financial condition of the company. for additional information, see "item 1 - business - regulation."
we are involved in a variety of legal and regulatory actions relating to our current and past business operations and may from time to time become involved in other such actions. in particular, we are a defendant in class actions in a number of jurisdictions regarding our lender-placed insurance programs. these cases allege a variety of claims under a number of legal theories. the plaintiffs seek premium refunds and other relief. we continue to defend ourselves vigorously in these class actions and, as appropriate, enter into settlements.
we participate in settlements on terms that we consider reasonable; however, the results of any pending or future litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently unpredictable and involve significant uncertainty. unfavorable outcomes in litigation or regulatory proceedings or significant problems in our relationships with regulators could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, reputation, ratings and ability to continue to do business. they could also expose us to further investigations or litigation. in addition, certain of our clients in the mortgage, credit card and banking industries are the subject of various regulatory investigations and litigation matters regarding mortgage lending practices, credit insurance, debt-deferment and debt cancellation products, and the sale of ancillary products, which could indirectly negatively affect our businesses. for additional information, see "item 3 - legal proceedings" and note 26 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
our business is subject to risks related to reductions in the insurance premium rates we charge.
the premiums we charge are subject to review by regulators. if they consider our loss ratios to be too low, they could require us to reduce our rates. significant rate reductions could materially reduce our profitability.
lender-placed insurance products accounted for approximately 55% and 56% of global housing's net earned premiums, fees and other income for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the corresponding contributions to segment net income for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 were approximately 46% and 45%, respectively. the portion of segment net income attributable to lender-placed insurance products may vary substantially over time depending on the frequency, severity and location of catastrophic losses, the cost of catastrophe reinsurance and reinstatement coverage, the variability of claim processing costs and client acquisition costs, and other factors. in addition, we expect placement rates for these products to decline in 2019 as housing markets continue to improve.
we file rates with the state departments of insurance in the ordinary course of business. in addition to this routine correspondence, from time to time we engage in discussions and proceedings with certain state regulators regarding our lender-placed insurance business. the results of such reviews may vary. as previously disclosed, we have reached agreements with state insurance regulators in certain states, including new york, florida, california, indiana, texas and minnesota, regarding our lender-placed insurance business in those states. in addition, we completed a regulatory settlement agreement (the "rsa") to resolve a targeted multistate market conduct examination sponsored by the naic and focused on lender-placed insurance, which includes a number of requirements and restrictions that are applicable in all participating states and u.s. territories. among other things, the terms of the rsa require more frequent rate filings for lender-placed insurance. this could result in downward pressure on premium rates for these products. if such filings result in significant decreases in premium rates for our lender-placed insurance products, our cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
changes in insurance regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth.
legislation or other regulatory reform related to the insurance industry that increases the regulatory requirements imposed on us or that changes the way we are able to do business may significantly harm our business or results of operations. various state and federal regulatory authorities have also taken actions with respect to our lender-placed insurance business, including the multistate market conduct examination and related rsa. if we were unable for any reason to comply with any new or revised requirements, including the rsa, it could result in substantial costs to us and may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, new interpretations of existing laws or new judicial decisions affecting the insurance industry could adversely affect our business.
insurance industry-related legislative or regulatory changes that could significantly harm our subsidiaries and us include, but are not limited to:
•   imposed reductions in premium rates, limitations on the ability to raise premiums on existing policies, or new minimum loss ratios;
•   increases in minimum capital, reserves and other financial viability requirements;
•   enhanced or new regulatory requirements intended to prevent future financial crises or to otherwise ensure the stability of institutions;
•   new licensing requirements;
•   restrictions on the ability to offer certain types of insurance products or service contracts;
•   prohibitions or limitations on provider financial incentives and provider risk-sharing arrangements;
•   more stringent standards of review for claims denials or coverage determinations;
•   increased regulation relating to lender-placed insurance;
•   new or enhanced regulatory requirements that require insurers to pay claims on terms other than those mandated by underlying policy contracts; and
•   restrictions on the solicitation of insurance consumers by funeral board laws for prefunded funeral insurance coverage.
in addition, regulators in certain states have hired third-party auditors to audit the unclaimed property records of insurance companies operating in those states. among other companies, we are currently subject to these audits in a number of states and have been responding to information requests from these auditors.
several proposals have been adopted or are currently pending to amend state insurance holding company and other laws that increase the scope of insurance company regulation. the naic has implemented the own risk and solvency assessment ("orsa"), which requires u.s. insurers and insurance groups to perform an annual assessment. this requirement is being standardized across many jurisdictions. in 2018, assurant completed orsa reports in the u.s., canada, mexico, chile and the u.k. additional countries are expected to follow, with regimes based on solvency ii, an e.u. directive that places regulatory, financial, governance, supervision, reporting and disclosure obligations on insurers, being implemented globally. regulatory bodies are expected to increase the frequency of discussions between each other and the level of data sharing across borders in order to enable more consistent regulation of global companies.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report. it contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly under the headings "item 1a - risk factors" and "forward-looking statements."
general we report our results through four segments: global housing, global lifestyle, global preneed and total corporate and other. total corporate and other includes activities of the holding company, financing and interest expenses, net realized gains (losses) on investments, interest income earned from short-term investments held and income (expenses) primarily related to our frozen benefit plans. total corporate and other also includes the amortization of deferred gains and gains associated with the sales of fortis financial group, long-term care and assurant employee benefits through reinsurance agreements, expenses related to the acquisition of twg, foreign gains (losses) from remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities, the loss on the sale of mortgage solutions, the gain on the sale of time insurance company and other unusual or infrequent items. additionally, the total corporate and other segment includes amounts related to the runoff of the assurant health business. as assurant health was a reportable segment in prior years, these amounts are disclosed separately for comparability. in addition, assurant employee benefits was a separate segment in 2016 and primarily includes the results of operations for the periods prior to its sale on march 1, 2016. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for more information.
the following discussion covers the year ended december 31, 2018 ("twelve months 2018"), year ended december 31, 2017 ("twelve months 2017") and year ended december 31, 2016 ("twelve months 2016"). please see the discussion that follows, for each of these segments, for a more detailed comparative analysis.
executive summary on may 31, 2018, we acquired twg holdings limited and its subsidiaries (as subsequently reorganized, "twg") for a total enterprise value of $2.47 billion. this amount included $894.9 million in cash, the repayment of $595.9 million of twg's pre-existing debt and issuance of $975.5 million of assurant, inc. common stock. as a result, the equityholders of twg, including tpg capital, received a total of 10,399,862 shares of assurant, inc. common stock. twg specializes in the underwriting, administration and marketing of service contracts on a wide variety of consumer goods, including automobiles, consumer electronics and major home appliances. we expect the acquisition will enhance the company's position as a leading lifestyle provider, particularly within the global automotive business, with significant operating synergies expected and a deepened global footprint. for more information regarding the acquisition, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
on august 1, 2018, we sold our mortgage solutions business to xome, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of wmih corp., for $36.7 million and potential future payments based on performance. the sale includes all of assurant's mortgage solutions businesses consisting of title, valuations and field services. the disposition resulted in a total pre-tax loss of $40.3 million which was included in the consolidated statements of operations in twelve months 2018. for more information on the sale, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this report.
on december 3, 2018, we sold time insurance company, a subsidiary of the runoff assurant health business, to haven holdings, inc. for cash consideration of $30.9 million. the disposition resulted in a total pre-tax gain of $18.4 million which was included in the consolidated statements of operations in twelve months 2018. for more information on the sale, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders decreased $282.8 million, or 54%, to $236.8 million for twelve months 2018 from $519.6 million for twelve months 2017. the decrease was driven by the absence of a $177.0 million one-time benefit related to the reduction of net deferred tax liabilities following the enactment of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja") in 2017, an increase in net realized losses on investments and higher expenses related to the twg acquisition. these decreases were partially offset by the impact of a lower effective tax rate, net operating income from twg and lower reportable catastrophes (reportable catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance and client profit sharing adjustments, and including reinstatement and other premiums).
global housing net income increased $53.4 million, or 55%, to $150.8 million for twelve months 2018 from $97.4 million for twelve months 2017, primarily due to a lower effective tax rate and lower reportable catastrophes. segment net income for twelve months 2018 included $169.7 million of after-tax reportable catastrophes compared to $190.5 million of after-tax reportable catastrophes for twelve months 2017. reportable catastrophes for twelve months 2018 reflect a corporate tax rate of 21% as compared to 35% in 2017 as a result of the enactment of the tcja. excluding the lower effective tax rate and reportable catastrophes, segment net income decreased due to a lower contribution from our lender-placed insurance business primarily due to less favorable non-catastrophe loss experience, the ongoing declines in placement rates and lower reo volumes. this decrease was partially offset by growth in multifamily housing and a lower net loss from our mortgage solutions business, which was sold on august 1, 2018.
global housing net earned premiums, fees and other income decreased $85.8 million to $2.09 billion for twelve months 2018 compared with $2.18 billion for twelve months 2017, primarily due to the sale of mortgage solutions. excluding mortgage solutions, net earned premiums, fees and other income increased approximately 3% due to growth from specialty property offerings, including commercial property and multifamily housing. these increases were partially offset by lower volumes from our reo lender-placed insurance product and the ongoing declines in placement rates in our lender-placed insurance business.
global lifestyle net income increased $119.7 million, or 67%, to $297.7 million for twelve months 2018 from $178.0 million for twelve months 2017. the increase was primarily driven by $74.7 million of net operating income contribution from twg and the impact of a lower effective tax rate. excluding the impact of these items, segment net income increased primarily due to increased income from our connected living business, which was driven by growth from recently launched mobile programs and continued growth in existing mobile programs, partially offset by continued declines in global financial services, primarily from expected discontinued partnerships, and unfavorable foreign exchange.
global lifestyle net earned premiums, fees and other income increased $1.79 billion to $5.18 billion for the twelve months 2018 compared with $3.40 billion for twelve months 2017, primarily due to the addition of $1.47 billion of net earned premiums and fee income from twg. excluding twg, net earned premiums, fees and other income increased 9% due to increased revenue from our connected living business, due to growth from existing and recently launched mobile programs, as well as growth from our global automotive business. these increases were partially offset by lower earned premiums and fees from our international extended service contracts and global financial services business due to unfavorable foreign exchange.
global preneed net income increased $18.1 million, or 46%, to $57.7 million for twelve months 2018 from $39.6 million for twelve months 2017. this increase was primarily due to the lower effective tax rate. excluding the impact of a lower effective tax rate, segment net income increased due to higher investment income and the absence of $5.0 million in after-tax software impairment recorded in 2017.
global preneed net earned premiums, fees and other income increased $8.5 million to $189.5 million for twelve months 2018 compared with $181.0 million for twelve months 2017 primarily due to growth in pre-funded funeral policies in the u.s. and canada, as well as prior period sales of the final need product.
critical factors affecting results our results depend on, among other things, the appropriateness of our product pricing, underwriting, the accuracy of our reserving methodology for future policyholder benefits and claims, the frequency and severity of reportable and non-reportable catastrophes, returns on and values of invested assets and our ability to manage our expenses and achieve expense savings. our results will also depend on our ability to profitably grow our connected living, multifamily housing and global automotive businesses, and manage the pace of declines in placement rates in our lender-placed insurance business and the u.s. credit insurance business in global financial services. in addition, our results will be impacted by our ability to integrate twg and achieve benefits and synergies from the acquisition. factors affecting these items, including, but not limited to, conditions in financial markets, the global economy and the markets in which we operate, fluctuations in exchange rates and inflation, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. for more information on these and other factors that could affect our results, see "item 1a - risk factors."
management believes that we will have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our needs over the next twelve months, including the ability to pay interest on our debt and dividends on our common and preferred stock.
for twelve months 2018, net cash provided by operating activities totaled $656.7 million; net cash used in investing activities totaled $2.20 billion and net cash provided by financing activities totaled $1.84 billion. we had $1.25 billion in cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2018. please see " - liquidity and capital resources" below for further details.
revenues we generate revenues primarily from the sale of our insurance policies, service contracts and related products and services and from income earned on our investments. sales of insurance policies are recognized in revenue as earned premiums while sales of administrative services are recognized as fee income.
under the universal life insurance guidance, income earned on preneed life insurance policies sold after january 1, 2009 are presented within fee income net of policyholder benefits. under the limited pay insurance guidance, the consideration received on preneed policies sold prior to january 1, 2009 is presented separately as net earned premiums, with policyholder benefits expense shown separately.
our premium and fee income is supplemented by income earned from our investment portfolio. we recognize revenue from interest payments, dividends, change in market value of equity securities and sales of investments. currently, our investment portfolio is primarily invested in fixed maturity securities. both investment income and realized capital gains on these investments can be significantly affected by changes in interest rates.
interest rate volatility can increase or reduce unrealized gains or losses in our investment portfolios. interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. fluctuations in interest rates affect our returns on, and the market value of, fixed maturity and short-term investments.
the fair market value of the fixed maturity securities in our investment portfolio and the investment income from these securities fluctuate depending on general economic and market conditions. the fair market value generally increases or decreases in an inverse relationship with fluctuations in interest rates, while net investment income realized by us from future investments in fixed maturity securities will generally increase or decrease with interest rates. we also have investments that are subject to pre-payment risk, such as mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. interest rate fluctuations may cause actual net investment income and/or cash flows from such investments to differ from estimates made at the time of investment. in periods of declining interest rates, mortgage prepayments generally increase and mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage obligations and bonds are more likely to be prepaid or redeemed as borrowers seek to borrow at lower interest rates. therefore, in these circumstances we may be required to reinvest those funds in lower-interest earning investments.
our revenues may also be impacted by our ability to continue to grow in the markets in which we operate, including in our connected living, multifamily housing and global automotive businesses, and to manage our lender-placed insurance business. our mobile business is subject to volatility in mobile device trade-in volumes based on the release of new devices and carrier promotional programs, as well as to changes in the mobile device market dynamics. our lender-placed insurance revenues will also be impacted by changes in the housing market. in addition, across many of our businesses, we must respond to the threat of disruption. see "item 2 - risk factors - business and competitive risks - significant competitive pressures, changes in customer preferences and disruption could adversely affect our results of operations."
expenses our expenses are primarily policyholder benefits, underwriting, general and administrative expenses and interest expense.
policyholder benefits are affected by our claims management programs, reinsurance coverage, contractual terms and conditions, regulatory requirements, economic conditions, and numerous other factors. benefits paid or reserves required for future benefits could substantially exceed our expectations, causing a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
underwriting, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of commissions, premium taxes, licenses, fees, amortization of deferred costs, general operating expenses and income taxes. in connection with our transformation, we are undertaking various expense savings initiatives while also making investments in information technology, among other things, which will impact our expenses.
we incur interest expense related to our debt.
critical accounting estimates certain items in our consolidated financial statements are based on estimates and judgment. differences between actual results and these estimates could in some cases have material impacts on our consolidated financial statements.
the following critical accounting policies require significant estimates. the actual amounts realized in these areas could ultimately be materially different from the amounts currently provided for in our consolidated financial statements.
reserves reserves are established using generally accepted actuarial methods and reflect judgments about expected future claim payments. factors used in their calculation include experience derived from historical claim payments and actuarial assumptions. calculations incorporate assumptions about the incidence of incurred claims, the extent to which all claims have been reported, reporting lags, expenses, inflation rates, future investment earnings, internal claims processing costs and other relevant factors. while the methods of making such estimates and establishing the related liabilities are periodically reviewed and updated, the estimation of reserves includes an element of uncertainty given that management is using historical information and methods to project future events and reserve outcomes.
the recorded reserves represent our best estimate at a point in time of the ultimate costs of settlement and administration of a claim or group of claims, based upon actuarial assumptions and projections using facts and circumstances known at the time of calculation. the adequacy of reserves may be impacted by future trends in claims severity, frequency, judicial theories of liability and other factors. these variables are affected by both external and internal events, including, but not limited to: changes in the economic cycle, inflation, changes in repair costs, natural or human-made catastrophes, judicial trends, legislative changes and claims handling procedures.
many of these items are not directly quantifiable and not all future events can be anticipated when reserves are established. reserve estimates are refined as experience develops. adjustments to reserves, both positive and negative, are reflected in the consolidated statement of operations in the period in which such estimates are updated.
because establishment of reserves is an inherently complex process involving significant judgment and estimates, there can be no certainty that future settlement amounts for claims incurred through the financial reporting date will not vary from reported claim reserves. future loss development could require reserves to be increased or decreased, which could have a material effect on our earnings in the periods in which such increases or decreases are made. however, based on information currently available, we believe our reserve estimates are adequate. see "item 1a - risk factors - financial risks - our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, requiring us to establish additional reserves or to incur additional expense for settling unreserved liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, profitability and capital" for more detail on this risk.
the following table provides reserve information for our reporting segment lines as of december 31, 2018 and 2017:
december 31, 2018                                                                                                                            december 31, 2017
claims and benefitspayable                                                                                                                   claims and benefitspayable futurepolicybenefits andexpenses                unearnedpremiums             casereserves              incurredbut notreportedreserves       futurepolicybenefits andexpenses                unearnedpremiums             casereserves              incurredbut notreportedreserves long duration contracts:
global preneed                   $5,943.7                                          $322.6                     $18.8                                   $8.8                    $5,779.2                                           $35.7                     $18.9                                   $8.9
disposed and runoff businesses   3,185.0                                             20.1                     655.7                                   64.0                    4,493.3                                             34.9                   1,259.3                                  122.1
all other                        112.2                                                0.2                       2.0                                    1.3                124.9                                                    0.2                       1.3                                    1.3
short duration contracts:
global lifestyle                 -                                               13,819.6                     133.2                                  326.9                    -                                                5,518.7                      73.3                                  204.4
global housing                   -                                                1,472.5                     183.3                                  468.0                    -                                                1,434.9                     669.4                                  589.3
disposed and runoff businesses   -                                                   13.0                     777.3                                  174.4                    -                                                   14.2                     766.6                                   67.4
total                            $9,240.9                                       $15,648.0                  $1,770.3                               $1,043.4                    $10,397.4                                       $7,038.6                  $2,788.8                                 $993.4
for additional information regarding our reserves, see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
short duration contracts claims and benefits payable reserves for short duration contracts include (1) case reserves for known claims which are unpaid as of the balance sheet date; (2) ibnr reserves for claims where the insured event has occurred but has not been reported to us as of the balance sheet date; and (3) loss adjustment expense reserves for the expected handling costs of settling the claims. periodically, we review emerging experience and make adjustments to our reserves and assumptions where necessary. below are further discussions on the reserving process for our major short duration products.
global housing and global lifestyle ultimate loss and loss adjustment expenses are estimated utilizing generally accepted actuarial loss reserving methods. both paid claims development as well as case incurred development are typically analyzed at the product or product grouping level, considering product size and data credibility. the reserving methods widely employed by us include the chain ladder, munich chain ladder and bornhuetter-ferguson methods. for global housing, reportable catastrophes are analyzed and reserved for separately using a frequency and severity approach.
the methods all involve aggregating paid and case-incurred loss data by accident quarter (or accident year) and accident age for each product grouping. as the data ages, development factors are calculated that measure emerging claim development patterns between reporting periods. by selecting loss development factors indicative of remaining development, known losses are projected to an ultimate incurred basis for each accident period. the underlying premise of the chain ladder method is that future claims development is best estimated using past claims development, whereas the bornhuetter-ferguson method employs a combination of past claims development and prior estimates of ultimate losses based on an expected loss ratio. the munich chain ladder method incorporates the correlations between paid and incurred development in projecting future development factors, and is typically more applicable to products experiencing variability in incurred to paid ratios.
each of these methods applied to the data groupings produces an estimate of the loss reserves for the product grouping. the best estimate is generally selected from a blend of the different methods. the ibnr associated with the best estimate is then allocated to accident year based on a weighting of the underlying actuarial methods. the determination of the best estimate is based on many factors, including but not limited to:
•   the nature and extent of the underlying assumptions;
•   the quality and applicability of historical data - whether internal or industry data;
•   current and expected future economic and market conditions;
•   regulatory, legislative, and judicial considerations;
•   the extent of data segmentation - data should be homogeneous yet credible enough for loss development methods to apply;
•   trends in loss frequencies and severities for various causes of loss;
•   consideration of the distribution of loss reserves, management's selection of the best estimate that may exceed an estimate based on median values, suggesting that favorable development may be more likely than unfavorable development; and
•   hindsight testing of prior loss estimates - the loss estimates on some product lines will vary from actual loss experience more than others.
when employing the reserving methods, consideration is given to contractual requirements, historical utilization trends and payment patterns, coverage changes, seasonality, product mix, the legislative and regulatory environment, economic factors, natural catastrophes, and other relevant factors. we consistently apply reserving principles and methodologies from year to year, while also giving due consideration to the potential variability of these factors.
while management has used judgment in establishing its best estimate of required reserves, different assumptions and variables could lead to significantly different reserve estimates. two key measures of loss activity are loss frequency, which is a measure of the number of claims per unit of insured exposure, and loss severity, which is a measure of the average size of claims. factors affecting loss frequency include the effectiveness of loss controls, changes in economic activity and weather patterns. factors affecting loss severity include changes in policy limits, retentions, rate of inflation and judicial interpretations.
if the actual level of loss frequency and severity are higher or lower than expected, the ultimate reserves required will be different than management's estimate. the effect of higher and lower levels of loss frequency and severity on our ultimate costs for claims occurring in 2018 would be as follows:
change in both loss frequency and severityfor all global housing and global lifestyle        ultimate cost of claimsoccurring in 2018   change in cost of claimsoccurring in 2018
3% higher                        $1,179.0                   $67.6
2% higher                        $1,156.0                   $44.6
1% higher                        $1,134.0                   $22.6
base scenario (1)                        $1,111.4                   $-
1% lower                        $1,089.0                   $(22.4                          )
2% lower                        $1,066.0                   $(45.4                          )
3% lower                        $1,044.0                   $(67.4                          )
(1)   represents the sum of the case reserves and incurred but not reported reserves as of december 31, 2018 for global housing and global lifestyle.
disposed and runoff short duration lines we have exposure to asbestos, environmental and other general liability claims arising from our participation in various reinsurance pools from 1971 through 1985. this exposure arose from a contract that we discontinued writing many years ago. we carried case reserves for these liabilities, as recommended by the various pool managers, and ibnr reserves totaling $26.9 million (before reinsurance) and $22.9 million (net of reinsurance) at december 31, 2018. estimation of these liabilities is subject to greater than normal variation and uncertainty due to the general lack of sufficiently detailed data, reporting delays and absence of a generally accepted actuarial methodology for determining the exposures. there are significant unresolved industry legal issues, including such items as whether coverage exists and what constitutes an occurrence. in addition, the determination of ultimate damages and the final allocation of losses to financially responsible parties are highly uncertain. based on information currently available, and after consideration of the reserves reflected in the consolidated financial statements, we do not believe or expect that changes in reserve estimates for these claims are likely to be material.
long duration contracts reserves for future policy benefits represent the present value of future benefits to policyholders and related expenses less the present value of future net premiums. reserve assumptions reflect best estimates for expected investment yield, inflation, mortality, morbidity, expenses and withdrawal rates. these assumptions are based on our experience to the extent it is credible, modified where appropriate to reflect current trends, industry experience and provisions for possible unfavorable deviation. we also record an unearned revenue reserve which represents premiums received which have not yet been recognized in our consolidated statements of operations.
historically, premium deficiency testing on continuing lines of business has not resulted in material adjustments to deferred acquisition costs or reserves. such adjustments could occur, however, if economic or mortality conditions significantly deteriorated.
global preneed global preneed includes pre-funded funeral life insurance and annuity contracts and legacy traditional life insurance (no longer offered). the reserve assumptions for future policy benefits and expenses are determined based upon pricing, which approximates actual experience.
for preneed life insurance issued after 2008 with discretionary death benefit growth, the universal life-type accounting model is applied whereby reserve assumptions are made without provision for adverse deviation. interest and discount rates are based upon investment returns of the assets acquired to support the business. expected mortality rates, lapse rates, and future death benefit increases are based upon pricing assumptions.
for preneed life insurance issued after 2008 with either no death benefit growth or death benefit growth linked to an inflation index, the long-duration accounting model is applied whereby reserve assumptions are made with provision for adverse deviation. interest and discount rates are based upon investment returns of the assets acquired to support the business. expected mortality rates and lapse rates are based upon pricing assumptions. for contracts with minimum benefit increases associated with an inflation index, the reserves assume expected benefit increases equal to a selected discount rate less a spread.
for preneed life insurance issued prior to 2009, the long-duration accounting model is applied whereby reserve assumptions are made with provision for adverse deviation. interest and discount rates are based upon investment returns of the assets acquired to support the business. expected mortality rates, lapse rates, and future death benefit increases are based upon pricing assumptions.
annuity contracts have reserve assumptions made without provision for adverse deviation. assumed discount rates and interest rates credited on deferred annuities vary by year of issue. withdrawal charge assumptions are based upon contract provisions. nearly all of the deferred annuity contracts have a minimum guaranteed interest rate.
for life insurance and annuity contracts acquired in 2000 and prior, interest and discount rates as well as mortality assumptions are based on statutory valuation requirements, which approximate the gaap valuation requirements, with no explicit provision for lapses.
disposed and runoff long duration lines risks related to the reserves recorded for certain discontinued individual life, annuity, and long-term care insurance policies have been fully ceded via reinsurance. while we have not been released from our contractual obligation to the policyholders, changes in and deviations from economic, mortality, morbidity, and withdrawal assumptions used in the calculation of these reserves will not directly affect our results of operations unless there is a default by the assuming reinsurer.
deferred acquisition costs ("dac") and value of business acquired ("voba")
only direct incremental costs associated with the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance contracts are deferred to the extent that such costs are deemed recoverable from future premiums or gross profits. acquisition costs primarily consist of commissions and premium taxes. certain direct response advertising expenses are deferred when the primary purpose of the advertising is to elicit sales to customers who can be shown to have specifically responded to the advertising and the direct response advertising results in probable future benefits.
premium deficiency testing is performed annually and generally reviewed quarterly. such testing involves the use of best estimate assumptions including the anticipation of investment income to determine if anticipated future policy premiums are adequate to recover all dac and related claims, benefits and expenses. to the extent a premium deficiency exists, it is recognized immediately by a charge to the consolidated statement of operations and a corresponding reduction in dac. if the premium deficiency is greater than unamortized dac, a loss (and related liability) is recorded for the excess deficiency.
long duration contracts acquisition costs for pre-funded funeral ("preneed") life insurance policies issued prior to 2009 and certain life insurance policies no longer offered are deferred and amortized in proportion to anticipated premiums over the premium-paying period. these acquisition costs consist primarily of first year commissions paid to agents.
for preneed investment-type annuities, preneed life insurance policies with discretionary death benefit growth issued after january 1, 2009, universal life insurance policies and investment-type annuities no longer offered, dac is amortized in proportion to the present value of estimated gross profits from investment, mortality, expense margins and surrender charges over the estimated life of the policy or contract. estimated gross profits include the impact of unrealized gains or losses on investments as if these gains or losses had been realized, with corresponding credits or charges included in accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"). the assumptions used for the estimates are consistent with those used in computing the policy or contract liabilities.
short duration contracts acquisition costs relating to extended service contracts, vehicle service contracts, mobile device protection, credit insurance, lender-placed homeowners insurance and flood, multifamily housing and manufactured housing are amortized over the term of the contracts in relation to premiums earned. these acquisition costs consist primarily of advance commissions paid to agents.
acquisition costs relating to disposed lines of business (group term life, group disability, group dental and group vision) consist primarily of compensation to sales representatives. such costs are deferred and amortized over the estimated terms of the underlying contracts.
voba as part of the acquisition of businesses that sell long-term extended service contracts, such as warranty contracts sold by twg, and long-duration insurance contracts, such as life products, we establish an intangible asset related to voba, which represents the fair value of the expected future profits in unearned premium for insurance contracts acquired. for vehicle service contracts and extended service contracts such as those purchased in connection with the twg acquisition, the amount is determined using estimates, for premium earnings patterns, paid loss development patterns, expense loads, and discount rates applied to cash flows that include a provision for credit risk. for vehicle service contracts and extended service contracts, voba is amortized consistent with the premium earning patterns of the underlying in-force contracts. for limited payment policies, preneed life insurance policies, universal life policies and annuities, the valuation of voba at the time of acquisition is derived from similar assumptions to those used to establish the associated claim or benefit reserves and is amortized over the expected life of the policies.
investments we regularly monitor our investment portfolio to ensure that investments that may be other-than-temporarily impaired are timely identified, properly valued and charged against earnings in the proper period. the determination that a security has incurred an other-than-temporary decline in value requires the judgment of management. assessment factors include, but are not limited to, the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than cost, the financial condition and rating of the issuer, whether any collateral is held, our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery and our intent to sell or whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell for fixed maturity securities. inherently, there are risks and uncertainties involved in making these judgments. changes in circumstances and critical assumptions such as a continued weak economy, a more pronounced economic downturn or unforeseen events that affect one or more companies, industry sectors, or countries could result in additional impairments in future periods for other-than-temporary declines in value.
the impairment of a fixed maturity security that we have the intent to sell or that we will more likely than not be required to sell is deemed other-than-temporary and is written down to its market value at the balance sheet date with the amount of the impairment reported as a realized loss in that period. for all other-than-temporarily impaired fixed maturity securities that do not meet either of these two criteria, we are required to analyze our ability to recover the amortized cost of the security by calculating the net present value of projected future cash flows. for these other-than-temporarily impaired fixed maturity securities, the net amount recognized in earnings equals the difference between the amortized cost of the fixed maturity security and its net present value.
see also notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report and "item 1a - risk factors - financial risks - our investment portfolio is subject to market risk, including changes in interest rates that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition" and " - investments" contained later in this item.
reinsurance reinsurance recoverables were $9.17 billion and $9.79 billion as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, which include amounts we are owed by reinsurers for claims paid as well as those included in reserve estimates that are subject to the reinsurance. reinsurance premiums paid are amortized as reductions to premium over the terms of the underlying reinsured policies. amounts recoverable from reinsurers are estimated in a manner consistent with claim and claim adjustment expense reserves or future policy benefits reserves. an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded on the basis of periodic evaluations of balances due from reinsurers (net of collateral), reinsurer solvency, historical disputes of reinsurance liabilities, management's experience and current economic conditions. the ceding of insurance does not discharge our primary liability to our insureds.
we have used reinsurance to exit certain businesses, including assurant employee benefits business and blocks of individual life, annuity, and long-term care business. the reinsurance recoverables relating to these dispositions amounted to $4.41 billion and $6.49 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
in the ordinary course of business, we are involved in both the assumption and cession of reinsurance with non-affiliated companies. the following table provides details of the reinsurance recoverables balance as of december 31, 2018 and 2017:
2018                                                                              2017
ceded future policyholder benefits and expense      $3,132.3              $4,440.9
ceded unearned premium                               3,876.3               2,014.5
ceded claims and benefits payable                    2,046.1               3,183.0
ceded paid losses                                      111.3                 151.8
total                                               $9,166.0              $9,790.2
we utilize reinsurance for loss protection and capital management, business dispositions and, in global lifestyle and global housing, client risk and profit sharing. see also "item 1a - risk factors - reinsurance may not be adequate or available to protect us against losses, and we are subject to the credit risk of reinsurers," and "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - credit risk."
retirement and other employee benefits we sponsor a qualified pension plan (the "assurant pension plan") and various non-qualified pension plans (including an executive pension plan), along with a retirement health benefits plan covering our employees who meet specified eligibility requirements. effective march 1, 2016, benefit accruals for the assurant pension plan, the various non-qualified pension plans and the retirement health benefits plan were frozen. the reported amounts associated with these plans requires an extensive use of assumptions which include, but are not limited to, the discount rate and expected return on plan assets. we determine these assumptions based upon currently available market and industry data, and historical performance of the plan and its assets. the actuarial assumptions used in the calculation of our aggregate projected benefit obligation vary and include an expectation of long-term appreciation in equity markets which is not changed by minor short-term market fluctuations, but does change when large prolonged interim deviations occur. the assumptions we use may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions and higher or lower withdrawal rates.
contingencies a loss contingency is recorded if reasonably estimable and probable. we establish reserves for these contingencies at the best estimate, or, if no one estimated amount within the range of possible losses is more probable than any other, we record an estimated reserve at the low end of the estimated range. contingencies affecting us primarily relate to legal and regulatory matters which are inherently difficult to evaluate and are subject to significant changes.
deferred taxes deferred income taxes are recorded for temporary differences between the financial reporting and income tax bases of assets and liabilities, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which we expect the temporary differences to reverse. a valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets if, based on the weight of all available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion of the asset will not be realized. the valuation allowance is sufficient to reduce the asset to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. we have deferred tax assets resulting from temporary differences that may reduce taxable income in future periods. the detailed components of our deferred tax assets, liabilities and valuation allowance are included in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, we had a cumulative valuation allowance of $26.4 million and $9.2 million, respectively, against deferred tax assets of international subsidiaries. the change during the period related to the new valuation allowance carried by twg of $17.8 million, as partially offset by a cumulative income tax benefit of $0.6 million related to the release of valuation allowances against foreign net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets. the realization of deferred tax assets related to net operating loss carryforwards of international subsidiaries depends upon the existence of sufficient future taxable income of the same character in the same jurisdiction.
in determining whether the deferred tax asset is realizable, we weighed all available evidence, both positive and negative. we considered all sources of taxable income available to realize the asset, including the future reversal of existing temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences, carry forwards and tax-planning strategies.
we believe it is more likely than not that the remainder of our deferred tax assets will be realized. accordingly, other than as noted herein for certain international subsidiaries, a valuation allowance has not been established.
future reversal of the valuation allowance will be recognized either when the benefit is realized or when we determine that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be realized. depending on the nature of the taxable income that results in a reversal of the valuation allowance, and on management's judgment, the reversal will be recognized either through other comprehensive income (loss) or through continuing operations in the consolidated statements of operations. likewise, if we determine that it is not more likely than not that we would be able to realize all or part of the deferred tax asset in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be recorded through a charge to continuing operations in the consolidated statements of operations in the period such determination is made.
in determining the appropriate valuation allowance, management makes judgments about recoverability of deferred tax assets, use of tax loss and tax credit carryforwards, levels of expected future taxable income and available tax planning strategies. the assumptions used in making these judgments are updated periodically by management based on current business conditions that affect us and overall economic conditions. these management judgments are therefore subject to change based on factors that include, but are not limited to, changes in expected capital gain income in the foreseeable future and our ability to successfully execute our tax planning strategies. see also "item 1a - risk factors - financial risks - the value of our deferred tax assets could become impaired, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition."
valuation and recoverability of goodwill our goodwill related to previous acquisitions of businesses was $2.32 billion and $917.7 million as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. we review our goodwill annually in the fourth quarter for impairment, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. such indicators include, but are not limited to: a significant adverse change in legal factors, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, loss of key personnel or a significant decline in our expected future cash flows due to changes in company-specific factors or the broader business climate. the evaluation of such factors requires considerable management judgment. any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of goodwill and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is either at the operating segment or one level below, if that component is a business for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews such information. components within an operating segment can be aggregated into one reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. a goodwill impairment loss is measured as the excess of the carrying value, including goodwill, of the reporting unit over its fair value. an impairment loss is limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
prior to 2018, our reporting units for goodwill testing qualified for aggregation at the same level as our operating segments. in 2018, given the expansion of our business and the twg acquisition, the three reporting units within our global lifestyle operating segment no longer qualified for aggregation due to further differentiation of certain components of underlying products, including the economics and distribution of the various products. as a result, connected living, global automotive and global financial services reporting units were evaluated and tested separately. the carrying amount of our global lifestyle legacy goodwill was allocated based on the fair value of the three new reporting units. the carrying amount of our goodwill from the twg acquisition was allocated to the three new reporting units based on the acquisition multiple and implied forward earnings contribution of each reporting unit.
the following table illustrates the amount of goodwill carried by operating segment as of the dates indicated:
december 31,
2018                                                  2017
global housing              $379.5              $386.7
global lifestyle (1)       1,804.7               392.8
global preneed               137.6               138.2
total                     $2,321.8              $917.7
(1) as of december 31, 2018, $451.2 million, $1.28 billion, and $72.2 million of goodwill was assigned to connected living, global automotive and global financial services reporting units, respectively.
in the fourth quarter of 2018, using our test date of october 1, 2018, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for all reporting units. based on this assessment, we determined that it was more likely than not that the reporting units' fair values were more than their carrying amounts.
the following describes the various valuation methodologies used in the quantitative test which were weighted using our judgment as to which were the most representative in determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units.
a dividend discount method ("ddm") was used to value each of the five reporting units based upon the present value of expected cash flows available for distribution over future periods. cash flows were estimated for a discrete projection period based on detailed assumptions, and a terminal value was calculated to reflect the value attributable to cash flows beyond the discrete period. cash flows and the terminal value were then discounted using the reporting unit's estimated cost of capital. the estimated fair value of the reporting unit represented the sum of the discounted cash flows and terminal value.
a guideline company method, in which we identified a group of peer companies that have similar operations to the reporting unit, was used; however, direct peer comparisons for our reporting units were limited. this method was used to value each reporting unit based upon its relative performance to peer companies, based on several measures, including price to trailing 12 month earnings, price to projected earnings, price to tangible net worth and return on equity.
a guideline transaction method was used to value each reporting unit based on available data concerning the purchase prices paid in acquisitions of similar companies operating in the insurance industry. the application of certain financial multiples calculated from these transactions provided an indication of estimated fair value of the reporting units.
while all three valuation methodologies were considered in assessing fair value, the ddm was weighed more heavily since management believes that expected cash flows are the most important factor in the valuation of a business enterprise. in addition, the relative lack of comparable acquisition transactions and directly comparable companies, made the other methods less credible.
following the quantitative test, we concluded that the estimated fair value of the global housing reporting unit exceeded its net book value by 95%, the estimated fair value of the connected living reporting unit exceeded its net book value by 148%, the estimated fair value of the global automotive reporting unit exceeded its net book value by 15%, the estimated fair value of the global financial services reporting unit exceeded its net book value by 5% and the estimated fair value of the global preneed reporting unit exceeded its net book value by 32%.
the determination of fair value of our reporting units requires many estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, earnings and required capital projections discussed above, discount rates, terminal growth rates, operating income and dividend forecasts for each reporting unit and the weighting assigned to the results of each of the three valuation methods described above. changes in certain assumptions could have a significant impact on the goodwill impairment assessment. for example, an increase of the discount rate of more than 48 basis points, with all other assumptions held constant, for global financial services would result in its estimated fair value being less than its net book value as of december 31, 2018. likewise, a reduction of 112 basis points in the terminal growth rate, with all other assumptions held constant, for global financial services would result in its estimated fair value being less than its net book value as of december 31, 2018. additionally, an increase in the discount rate of more than 125 basis points, with all other assumptions held constant, for global automotive would result in its estimated fair value being less than its net book value as of december 31, 2018. likewise, a reduction of 301 basis points in the terminal growth rate, with all other assumptions held constant, for global automotive would result in its estimated fair value being less than its net book value as of december 31, 2018. given the much larger excess of fair value over book value for our global housing, connected living and global preneed reporting units it would take much more significant movements in our estimates and assumptions in order for their estimated fair values to be less than their net book values.
we evaluated the significant assumptions used to determine the estimated fair values of global housing, connected living, global automotive, global financial services and global preneed, both individually and in the aggregate, and concluded they are reasonable. however, should the operating results of these reporting units decline substantially compared to projected results, or should further interest rate declines increase the net unrealized investment portfolio gain position, we could determine that we need to perform an updated impairment test due to the potential impairment indicators, which may require the recognition of a goodwill impairment loss in any of our reporting units.
had the net book value for any of our reporting units exceeded its estimated fair value in the quantitative test, we would have recognized a goodwill impairment loss for the difference up to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
recent accounting pronouncements please see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
results of operations assurant consolidated overview the table below presents information regarding our consolidated results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                            2017                    2016
revenues:
net earned premiums                                                            $6,156.9                $4,404.1                $5,007.3
fees and other income                                                           1,308.1                 1,383.1                 1,422.5
net investment income                                                             598.4                   493.8                   515.7
net realized gains on investments                                                 (62.7    )               30.1                   162.2
amortization of deferred gains and gains on disposal of businesses                 56.9                   103.9                   394.5
gain on pension plan curtailment                                                      -                       -                    29.6
total revenues                                                                  8,057.6                 6,415.0                 7,531.8
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits                                                           2,342.6                 1,870.6                 1,808.5
amortization of deferred acquisition costs and value of business acquired       2,300.8                 1,340.0                 1,351.3
underwriting, general and administrative expenses                               2,980.4                 2,710.4                 3,442.8
interest expense                                                                  100.3                    49.5                    57.6
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                        -                       -                    23.0
total benefits, losses and expenses                                             7,724.1                 5,970.5                 6,683.2
income before provision (benefit) for income taxes                                333.5                   444.5                   848.6
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                               80.9                   (75.1    )              283.2
net income                                                                        252.6                   519.6                   565.4
less: net income attributable to non-controlling interest                          (1.6    )                  -                       -
net income attributable to stockholders                                           251.0                   519.6                   565.4
less: preferred stock dividends                                                   (14.2    )                  -                       -
net income attributable to common stockholders                                   $236.8                  $519.6                  $565.4
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017
consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders decreased $282.8 million, or 54%, to $236.8 million for twelve months 2018 from $519.6 million for twelve months 2017. the decrease was primarily related to the absence of a $177.0 million tax benefit from the reduction of net deferred tax liabilities following the enactment of the tcja that was recorded in 2017 and an increase in net realized losses on investments. the decrease was also due to an increase in expenses related to the twg acquisition including a $58.8 million increase in after-tax net acquisition and integration expenses and a $32.2 million increase in after-tax interest expense and preferred dividends from acquisition related financing. additionally, the decrease was due to lower amortization of deferred gains associated with the sale of assurant employee benefits, a $31.9 million after-tax loss on the sale of our mortgage solutions business and the absence of a $27.1 million tax benefit from the release of a reserve for uncertain tax positions included in 2017. these decreases were partially offset by the impact of a lower effective tax rate due to the tcja, $74.7 million of net operating income from twg and a decrease in reportable catastrophes.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016
consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders decreased $45.8 million, or 8%, to $519.6 million for twelve months 2017 from $565.4 million for twelve months 2016. the decrease was primarily related to $266.5 million of lower after-tax net gains, including a reduction in amortization of deferred gains and net realized gains on investments associated with the sale of assurant employee benefits. twelve months 2017 also included a $90.1 million after-tax increase in reportable catastrophes primarily in global housing, as previously mentioned. these items were partially offset by a one-time $177.0 million tax benefit from the reduction of net deferred tax liabilities, a $51.6 million after-tax improvement in the results of our assurant health run-off operations, and a $27.1 million tax benefit from the release of a reserve for uncertain tax positions. additionally, the decrease was partially offset by a $25.6 million increase from global lifestyle, excluding reportable catastrophes, that was driven by higher contributions from the connected living and global automotive businesses, lower lender placed insurance regulatory expenses and the absence of debt extinguishment expenses incurred in 2016.
global housing overview the table below presents information regarding the global housing segment's results of operations for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                            2017                    2016
revenues:
net earned premiums                                                            $1,806.2                $1,761.4                $1,829.1
fees and other income                                                             283.0                   413.6                   459.7
net investment income                                                              80.8                    75.6                    72.7
total revenues                                                                  2,170.0                 2,250.6                 2,361.5
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits                                                             938.4                   958.4                   828.6
amortization of deferred acquisition costs and value of business acquired         204.5                   194.9                   238.2
underwriting, general and administrative expenses                                 837.1                   953.0                 1,013.7
total benefits, losses and expenses                                             1,980.0                 2,106.3                 2,080.5
segment income before provision for income taxes                                  190.0                   144.3                   281.0
provision for income taxes                                                         39.2                    46.9                    92.4
segment net income                                                               $150.8                   $97.4                  $188.6
net earned premiums, fees and other income:
lender-placed insurance                                                        $1,149.7                $1,224.9                $1,317.2
multifamily housing                                                               406.1                   366.3                   320.9
mortgage solutions                                                                116.1                   257.7                   329.3
manufactured housing and other                                                    417.3                   326.1                   321.4
total                                                                          $2,089.2                $2,175.0                $2,288.8
ratio:
combined ratio for risk-based businesses (1)                                       97.7    %               99.1    %               91.1    %
(1)   the combined ratio for risk-based businesses equals total benefits, losses and expenses, including reportable catastrophe losses, divided by net earned premiums, fees and other income for lender-placed insurance and manufactured housing and other insurance businesses.
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017
net income segment net income increased $53.4 million, or 55%, to $150.8 million for twelve months 2018 from $97.4 million for twelve months 2017, primarily due to a lower effective tax rate and lower reportable catastrophes. segment net income for twelve months 2018 included $169.7 million of after-tax reportable catastrophes compared to $190.5 million of after-tax reportable catastrophes for twelve months 2017. reportable catastrophes for twelve months 2018 reflect a corporate tax rate at 21% as compared to 35% in 2017 as a result of the enactment of the tcja. excluding the lower effective tax rate and reportable catastrophes, segment net income decreased due to a lower contribution from our lender-placed insurance business primarily due to less favorable non-catastrophe loss experience, the ongoing declines in placement rates and lower reo volumes. this decrease was partially offset by growth in multifamily housing and lower net loss from our mortgage solutions business, which was sold on august 1, 2018.
total revenues total revenues decreased $80.6 million, or 4%, to $2.17 billion for twelve months 2018 from $2.25 billion for twelve months 2017. net earned premiums increased $44.8 million, or 3%, primarily due to growth from renters insurance in multifamily housing, additional premiums from new commercial property and liability business and lower reinsurance reinstatement and other premiums related to 2017 catastrophes, partially offset by lower volumes from our reo lender-placed insurance product and the ongoing declines in placement rates in our lender-placed insurance business. fees and other income decreased $130.6 million, or 32%, primarily due to the sale of our mortgage solutions business. net investment income increased $5.2 million, or 7%, primarily due to higher income from real estate related fund investments.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses decreased to $1.98 billion for twelve months 2018 from $2.11 billion for twelve months 2017. total policyholder benefits decreased $20.0 million, or 2%, primarily due to a $69.2 million decrease in reportable catastrophe losses, partially offset by less favorable non-catastrophe loss experience from our lender-placed insurance business. underwriting, general and administrative expenses decreased $115.9 million, or 12%, primarily due to a decrease in expenses resulting from the sale of our mortgage solutions business, partially offset by higher information technology expenses.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016
net income segment net income decreased $91.2 million, or 48%, to $97.4 million for twelve months 2017 from $188.6 million for twelve months 2016, primarily due to an $88.1 million after-tax increase in reportable catastrophes, net of reinsurance and including reinstatement and other premiums. absent the impact of these items, the decrease in net income was due to higher non-catastrophe loss experience and a reduction from our lender placed insurance business due to the ongoing normalization of placement rates. these decreases were partially offset by a reduction of lender placed regulatory expenses, fees and reimbursements from the nfip for processing flood claims following hurricane harvey, and profitable growth from our multifamily housing business.
total revenues total revenues decreased $110.9 million, or 5%, to $2.25 billion for twelve months 2017 from $2.36 billion for twelve months 2016. net earned premiums decreased $67.7 million, or 4%, mainly due to a decline in placement rates in our lender-placed insurance business and $22.4 million of reinstatement and other premiums from the increase in reportable catastrophes, partially offset by growth in multifamily housing. fees and other income decreased $46.1 million, or 10%, mainly due to a decrease in mortgage solutions fee income driven by lower demand for originations and field services and reduced client volumes.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses increased to $2.11 billion for twelve months 2017 from $2.08 billion for twelve months 2016. total policyholder benefits increased $129.8 million, or 16%, mainly due to a $118.3 million increase in net losses, excluding reinstatement and other premiums, from reportable catastrophes. reportable catastrophe losses include only individual catastrophic events that generated losses to us in excess of $5.0 million, pre-tax and net of reinsurance. there was also an increase in non-catastrophe losses primarily due to the impact of lower premium rates and higher weather losses. underwriting, general and administrative expenses decreased $60.7 million, or 6%, mainly driven by the reduction in our mortgage solutions business, lower lender placed regulatory expenses and an increased focus on expense management. also contributing to this decrease were fees and reimbursements from the nfip for processing flood claims for hurricane harvey.
global lifestyle overview the table below presents information regarding the global lifestyle segment's results of operations for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                         2017                  2016
revenues:
net earned premiums                                                            $4,291.8              $2,576.5              $2,901.4
fees and other income                                                             891.5                 819.7                 804.7
net investment income                                                             189.4                 114.6                 113.1
total revenues                                                                  5,372.7               3,510.8               3,819.2
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits                                                           1,145.6                 700.4                 663.8
amortization of deferred acquisition costs and value of business acquired       2,025.8               1,083.3               1,045.9
underwriting, general and administrative expenses                               1,812.6               1,480.8               1,901.8
total benefits, losses and expenses                                             4,984.0               3,264.5               3,611.5
segment income before provision for income taxes                                  388.7                 246.3                 207.7
provision for income taxes                                                         91.0                  68.3                  53.3
segment net income                                                               $297.7                $178.0                $154.4
net earned premiums, fees and other income:
connected living (mobile and service contracts)                                $2,800.6              $2,156.0              $2,570.1
global automotive                                                               1,909.2                 782.8                 715.8
global financial services                                                         473.5                 457.4                 420.2
total                                                                          $5,183.3              $3,396.2              $3,706.1
net earned premiums, fees and other:
domestic                                                                       $3,560.9              $2,159.8              $2,561.6
international                                                                   1,622.4               1,236.4               1,144.5
total                                                                          $5,183.3              $3,396.2              $3,706.1
ratios:
combined ratio for risk-based businesses (1)                                       97.2   %              96.2   %              95.9   %
pre-tax income margin for fee-based, capital-light businesses (2)                   7.0   %               5.7   %               3.5   %
(1)   the combined ratio for risk-based businesses equals to total benefits, losses and expenses divided by net earned premiums, fees and other income for global automotive and global financial services insurance businesses.
(2)   the pre-tax income margin for fee-based, capital-light businesses equals income before provision for income taxes divided by net earned premiums, fees and other income for connected living.
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017
net income segment net income increased $119.7 million, or 67%, to $297.7 million for twelve months 2018 from $178.0 million for twelve months 2017, benefiting from the acquisition of twg, which contributed $74.7 million of net operating income, and a lower effective tax rate following the enactment of the tcja. additionally, segment net income for twelve months 2018 included $9.3 million in after-tax benefits for client recoverables and $3.9 million of nonrecurring tax benefits, compared to $12.5 million and $9.6 million, respectively, for twelve months 2017. excluding the impact of these items, segment net income increased primarily due to increased income from our connected living business, which was primarily driven by growth from recently launched mobile programs and continued growth in existing mobile programs, partially offset by higher mobile loss experience, continued declines in global financial services, primarily from expected discontinued partnerships, and unfavorable foreign exchange.
total revenues total revenues increased $1.86 billion, or 53%, to $5.37 billion for twelve months 2018 from $3.51 billion for twelve months 2017, primarily attributable to twg. excluding the impact of twg, net earned premiums increased $282.0 million, or 11%, mostly driven by increased revenue from our connected living business, due to growth from existing and recently launched mobile programs, as well as growth from our global automotive business. this increase was partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. excluding the impact of twg, fees and other income increased $31.5 million, or 4%, primarily driven by growth from recently launched mobile programs, partially offset by a decrease from our mobile repair and logistics business due to lower average selling price, and continued declines in global financial services mainly driven by anticipated discontinued partnerships. excluding the impact of twg, net investment income increased $12.3 million, or 11%, primarily due to higher income from real estate related fund investments.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses increased $1.72 billion, or 53%, to $4.98 billion for twelve months 2018 from $3.26 billion for twelve months 2017. the increase in total benefits, losses and expenses was primarily due to twg. excluding the impact of twg, policyholder benefits increased $77.9 million, or 11%, primarily due to growth from our global mobile and global automotive businesses. excluding the impact of twg, amortization of deferred acquisition costs and value of business acquired increased $89.7 million, or 8%, primarily due to growth from our global automotive business. excluding the impact of twg, underwriting, general and administrative expenses increased $130.7 million, or 9%, primarily due to the growth from our global mobile programs and global automotive businesses, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016
net income segment net income increased $23.6 million, or 15%, to $178.0 million for twelve months 2017 from $154.4 million for twelve months 2016. the increase was primarily driven by our connected living business due to higher contributions from extended service contracts from original equipment manufacturer clients and other distribution channels as well as growth in our mobile business, partially offset by lower volume from our domestic repair and logistics business. the increase was also driven by growth in our domestic vehicle protection business. results for twelve months 2017 included $12.5 million in after-tax benefits for client recoverables, for both service contracts and mobile over the course of the year, and $9.6 million of nonrecurring tax benefits. results for twelve months 2016 included $18.0 million in tax benefits related to a redemption of shares in our international markets.
total revenues total revenues decreased $308.4 million, or 8%, to $3.51 billion for twelve months 2017 from $3.82 billion for twelve months 2016. net earned premiums decreased $324.9 million, or 11%, due to a change in program structure in the fourth quarter of 2016 impacting the accounting for revenues from our connected living business for a previously disclosed large service contract client on a net instead of gross basis. this change has no impact to our earnings. excluding the program structure change, twelve months 2017 net earned premiums increased 7% primarily due to growth from our connected living business mainly driven by global mobile, as well as growth from international credit and domestic vehicle protection businesses. fees and other income increased $15.0 million, or 2%, primarily driven by growth in our connected living business, specifically in our global mobile programs and inclusive of the aforementioned client recoverable, partially offset by lower volume from domestic mobile repair and logistics businesses.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses decreased $347.0 million, or 10%, to $3.26 billion for twelve months 2017 from $3.61 billion for twelve months 2016. the decreases were impacted by the aforementioned change in program structure in the fourth quarter of 2016. excluding this program structure change, policyholder benefits increased 11%, primarily driven by growth in our global mobile protection programs, mostly in europe, in our connected living business and in our international credit insurance business. excluding the program structure change, amortization of deferred acquisition costs and value of business acquired, underwriting, general and administrative expenses increased 3%, primarily due to growth in our connected living business, specifically from our international mobile programs, partially offset by lower volumes in our domestic repairs and logistics business. additionally, the increase was driven by growth in our international credit insurance and domestic vehicle protection businesses.
global preneed overview the table below presents information regarding the global preneed segment's results of operations for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                 2017              2016
revenues:
net earned premiums                                                           $58.4             $59.5             $61.7
fees and other income                                                         131.1             121.5             109.6
net investment income                                                         278.0             262.0             259.8
total revenues                                                                467.5             443.0             431.1
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits                                                         263.3             259.1             250.4
amortization of deferred acquisition costs and value of business acquired      70.5              61.8              61.4
underwriting, general and administrative expenses                              60.1              63.1              55.5
total benefits, losses and expenses                                           393.9             384.0             367.3
segment income before provision for income taxes                               73.6              59.0              63.8
provision for income taxes                                                     15.9              19.4              21.5
segment net income                                                            $57.7             $39.6             $42.3
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017
net income segment net income increased $18.1 million, or 46%, to $57.7 million for twelve months 2018 from $39.6 million for twelve months 2017, primarily due to a lower effective tax rate. excluding the impact of the lower effective tax rate, segment net income increased due to the absence of a $5.0 million after-tax software impairment included in 2017, an increase in investment income from real estate investments, an increase in invested assets consistent with the growth of the domestic preneed business and higher yields. the increases were partially offset by an increase in information technology expenses and an increase in benefits on policies in runoff pegged to the consumer price index.
total revenues total revenues increased $24.5 million, or 6%, to $467.5 million for twelve months 2018 from $443.0 million for twelve months 2017. fees and other income increased $9.6 million, or 8%, primarily due to growth in the domestic preneed business and the final need product. net investment income increased $16.0 million, or 6%, primarily due to higher income from sales of certain real estate joint venture partnerships, an increase in invested assets consistent with the growth of the domestic preneed business and higher yields.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses increased $9.9 million, or 3%, to $393.9 million for twelve months 2018 from $384.0 million for twelve months 2017, primarily due to growth in the preneed business, an increase in benefits on policies in runoff pegged to the consumer price index and increased information technology expenses. the increase was partially offset by the absence of a $7.7 million impairment of software included in 2017.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016
net income segment net income decreased $2.7 million, or 6%, to $39.6 million for twelve months 2017 from $42.3 million for twelve months 2016. this decrease was primarily due to a $5.0 million after-tax impairment of software in 2017, partially offset by an increase in net investment income and fee income due to growth of the underlying preneed business.
total revenues total revenues increased $11.9 million, or 3%, to $443.0 million for twelve months 2017 from $431.1 million for twelve months 2016. this increase was primarily due to growth in preneed business, favorable foreign exchange and higher investment income.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses increased $16.7 million, or 5%, to $384.0 million for twelve months 2017 from $367.3 million for twelve months 2016. this increase was primarily due to an increase in policyholder benefits due to growth in the preneed business. additionally, the increase includes a $7.7 million impairment of software that was written off in 2017.
assurant employee benefits overview the table below presents information regarding the assurant employee benefits segment's results of operations, through the sale date of march 1, 2016:
for the year ended december 31,
2016
revenues:
net earned premiums                                                                          $178.0
fees and other income                                                                           4.2
net investment income                                                                          17.3
total revenues                                                                                199.5
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits                                                                         118.4
amortization of deferred acquisition costs and value of business acquired                       5.8
underwriting, general and administrative expenses                                              61.5
total benefits, losses and expenses                                                           185.7
segment income before provision for income taxes                                               13.8
provision for income taxes                                                                      5.3
segment net income                                                                             $8.5
on march 1, 2016, we sold our assurant employee benefits segment to sun life assurance company of canada, a wholly owned subsidiary of sun life financial, inc. for more information on the sale see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this report.
the amounts included in twelve months 2016 primarily represent january and february 2016 results of operations, the period prior to the sale. all amounts related to the net gain on the sale are included in the total corporate and other segment, discussed later. since this business has been sold and is no longer part of our ongoing operations, a discussion of results for the periods presented has been excluded.
total corporate and other the table below presents information regarding the total corporate and other segment's results of operations for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2017                                                                                   2016
corporate             assurant health            total corporate and other             corporate             assurant health            total corporate and other             corporate             assurant health            total corporate and other and other                                                                              and other                                                                              and other revenues:
net earned premiums                                                                $-                      $0.5                              $0.5                         $-                      $6.7                              $6.7                         $-                     $37.1                             $37.1
fees and other income                                                             2.1                       0.4                               2.5                       24.8                       3.5                              28.3                       24.5                      19.8                              44.3
net investment income                                                            47.6                       2.6                              50.2                       35.1                       6.5                              41.6                       44.0                       8.8                              52.8
net realized gains (losses) on investments (1)                                  (62.7     )                   -                             (62.7          )            30.1                         -                              30.1                      162.2                         -                             162.2
amortization of deferred gains and gains on disposal of businesses               56.9                         -                              56.9                      103.9                         -                             103.9                      394.5                         -                             394.5
gain on pension plan curtailment                                                    -                         -                                 -                          -                         -                                 -                       29.6                         -                              29.6
total revenues                                                                   43.9                       3.5                              47.4                      193.9                      16.7                             210.6                      654.8                      65.7                             720.5
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits                                                               -                      (4.7       )                      (4.7          )               -                     (47.3       )                     (47.3          )               -                     (52.7       )                     (52.7          )
amortization of deferred acquisition costs and value of business acquired           -                         -                                 -                          -                         -                                 -                          -                         -                                 -
underwriting, general and administrative expenses (2)                           265.6                       5.0                             270.6                      165.5                      48.0                             213.5                      244.6                     165.7                             410.3
interest expense                                                                100.3                         -                             100.3                       49.5                         -                              49.5                       57.6                         -                              57.6
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                      -                         -                                 -                          -                         -                                 -                       23.0                         -                              23.0
total benefits, losses and expenses                                             365.9                       0.3                             366.2                      215.0                       0.7                             215.7                      325.2                     113.0                             438.2
segment (loss) income before (benefit) provision for income taxes              (322.0     )                 3.2                            (318.8          )           (21.1     )                16.0                              (5.1          )           329.6                     (47.3       )                     282.3
(benefit) provision for income taxes                                            (65.8     )                 0.6                             (65.2          )          (215.1     )                 5.4                            (209.7          )           117.0                      (6.3       )                     110.7
segment net (loss) income                                                      (256.2     )                 2.6                            (253.6          )           194.0                      10.6                             204.6                      212.6                     (41.0       )                     171.6
less: net income attributable to non-controlling interest                        (1.6     )                   -                              (1.6          )               -                         -                                 -                          -                         -                                 -
net (loss) income attributable to stockholders                                 (257.8     )                 2.6                            (255.2          )           194.0                      10.6                             204.6                      212.6                     (41.0       )                     171.6
less: preferred stock dividends                                                 (14.2     )                   -                             (14.2          )               -                         -                                 -                          -                         -                                 -
net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders                         $(272.0     )                $2.6                           $(269.4          )          $194.0                     $10.6                            $204.6                     $212.6                    $(41.0       )                    $171.6
(1)   net realized gains on investments for corporate and other in twelve months 2016 includes $146.7 million of gains included in overall net gain from the sale of assurant employee benefits.
(2)   underwriting, general and administrative expenses for corporate and other in twelve months 2016 includes $26.6 million of loss on the retroactive component that was included within the net gain from the sale of assurant employee benefits.
corporate and other year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017
net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders corporate and other had a net loss attributable to common stockholders of $272.0 million for twelve months 2018 compared with net income attributable to common stockholders of $194.0 million for twelve months 2017. the change was primarily related to the absence of a $177.0 million tax benefit from the reduction of net deferred tax liabilities that was recorded in 2017 and an increase in net realized losses on investments and an increase in expenses related to the twg acquisition. additionally, the decrease was due to lower amortization of deferred gains associated with the sale of assurant employee benefits, a $31.9 million after-tax loss on the sale of our mortgage solutions business, the absence of a $27.1 million tax benefit from the release of a reserve for uncertain tax positions included in 2017 and $14.7 million of net losses from foreign exchange, primarily driven by the remeasurement of net monetary assets from our operations in argentina.
total revenues total revenues decreased $150.0 million or 77%, to $43.9 million for twelve months 2018 compared with $193.9 million for twelve months 2017. the decrease was primarily related to a $92.8 million unfavorable change in net realized gains (losses) on investments mostly driven by a $64.8 million decrease from fixed income securities that were sold at a net loss in 2018 as compared to a net gain in 2017 due to the effect of an increase in interest rates on the market value of fixed maturity securities. additionally, twelve months 2018 includes $18.8 million of net unrealized losses from the change in fair value of equity securities, following an accounting change requiring fair value changes to be recognized in income beginning january 1, 2018. prior to 2018, the net unrealized gains and losses on equity securities were recorded in other comprehensive income. the remaining decrease in revenues was due to a $47.0 million reduction in amortization of deferred gains primarily associated with the sale of assurant employee benefits and a reduction in income from transitional services provided in connection with the sale of assurant employee benefits. these transitional services were contractually completed in the first half of 2018. additionally, the decrease was partially offset by an increase in net investment income mostly driven by $4.8 million in third-party investment management fees from consolidated investment entities and $4.5 million of income from sales of certain real estate joint venture partnerships.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses increased $150.9 million or 70%, to $365.9 million in twelve months 2018 compared with $215.0 million in twelve months 2017. the increase was primarily due to a $50.4 million increase in transaction and integration expenses associated with the twg acquisition, a $50.8 million increase in interest expense primarily due to additional interest from acquisition related financing and a $40.3 million net loss on the sale of our mortgage solutions business. the increase in total benefits, losses and expenses was also due to a $20.8 million loss from an impairment of certain intangible assets associated with the acquisition of green tree insurance agency (as partially offset by a $4.8 million reduction of a contingent earn-out liability) in the fourth quarter of 2018, a $15.2 million reduction in net pension benefit and $14.7 million of net losses from foreign exchange, primarily related to the remeasurement of net monetary assets from our operations in argentina. these decreases were partially offset by a gain on the sale of time insurance company, a legal entity associated with the previously exited assurant health business and absence of $17.4 million of expenses pertaining to an estimated indemnification related to a previous disposition that was recorded in 2017.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016
net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders corporate and other net income decreased $18.6 million or 9%, to $194.0 million for twelve months 2017 compared with $212.6 million for twelve months 2016. the decrease was primarily related to $266.5 million of lower after-tax net gains associated with the sale of assurant employee benefits, including a reduction in amortization of deferred gains and lower net realized gains on investments associated with the transaction. this decrease was partially offset by a one-time $177.0 million tax benefit from the reduction of net deferred tax liabilities, a $27.1 million tax benefit from the release of a reserve for uncertain tax positions, and $15.0 million after-tax loss on extinguishment of debt recorded in 2016. additionally, the decrease was offset by the absence of a $10.8 million after-tax intangible asset impairment charge recorded in 2016. the $177.0 million benefit was related to the re-measurement of the total deferred tax assets and liabilities of the company, including those that are allocated to the other reportable segments. this presentation is consistent with how management views the adjustment related to this item.
total revenues total revenues decreased $460.9 million or 70%, to $193.9 million for twelve months 2017 compared with $654.8 million for twelve months 2016. the decrease in revenues was mainly due to $437.3 million of lower after-tax net gains associated with the sale of assurant employee benefits, including a reduction in amortization of deferred gains and lower net realized gains on investments associated with the transaction. also, twelve months 2016 included a $29.6 million curtailment gain associated with our pension plan freeze.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses decreased $110.2 million or 34%, to $215.0 million in twelve months 2017 compared with $325.2 million in twelve months 2016. this decrease was primarily driven by activity from 2016, including a $26.6 million loss on the retroactive reinsurance component related to the sale of our assurant employee benefits segment, a $23.0 million loss on extinguishment of debt, a $16.7 million intangible asset impairment charge related to trade names no longer used or defended by the company and overall higher residual expenses related to the sale of assurant employee benefits. additionally, expenses in 2017 were significantly lower than 2016 due to the ongoing expense management initiatives. these decreases were partially offset by $12.5 million of integration and transaction related expenses associated with the twg acquisition.
assurant health we began to wind down our major medical operations in late 2015 and substantially completed our exit of the health insurance market in 2016.
the affordable care act the affordable care act introduced new premium stabilization programs in 2014: reinsurance, risk adjustment, and risk corridor. we participated in the premium stabilization programs during 2014 through 2016. with the exit from the health insurance market, we no longer participate in these programs. as of december 31, 2018, we had no net reinsurance recoverables related to these programs and we had not recorded a net receivable under the risk corridor programs because payments from the u.s. department of health and human services are considered unlikely.
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017
net income segment net income decreased $8.0 million to $2.6 million for twelve months 2018 compared to $10.6 million for twelve months 2017. the decrease was primarily due to a reduction in favorable claims development as we continue to run off the business.
total revenues total revenues decreased $13.2 million to $3.5 million for twelve months 2018 compared to $16.7 million for twelve months 2017, primarily due to our exit of the health insurance market.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses were $0.3 million for twelve months 2018 compared to $0.7 million for twelve months 2017. the decrease was primarily due to a decrease in general expenses, partially offset by a reduction in favorable claims development, as we continue to run off the business.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016
net income segment net income was $10.6 million for twelve months 2017 compared to a net loss of $41.0 million for twelve months 2016. the change in results was primarily due to lower expenses and favorable claims development as we continue to run off the business.
total revenues total revenues decreased $49.0 million to $16.7 million for twelve months 2017 compared to $65.7 million for twelve months 2016. the decrease was primarily due to our exit of the health insurance market.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses were $0.7 million for twelve months 2017 compared to $113.0 million for twelve months 2016. the decrease was primarily related to lower expenses due to the substantial completion of the runoff of the business in 2017.
investments we had total investments of $13.40 billion and $11.55 billion as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. net unrealized gains on our fixed maturity securities portfolio decreased $483.0 million during 2018, from $906.1 million at december 31, 2017 to $423.1 million at december 31, 2018, primarily due to an increase in u.s. treasury yields and widening credit spreads.
the following table shows the credit quality of our fixed maturity securities portfolio as of the dates indicated:
fair value as of fixed maturity securities by credit quality                     december 31, 2018                     december 31, 2017
aaa / aa / a                                         $7,329.8           65.1    %          $6,155.4           63.7    %
baa                                                   3,322.7           29.5    %           2,982.5           30.9    %
ba                                                      447.9            4.0    %             400.8            4.1    %
b and lower                                             156.7            1.4    %             123.9            1.3    %
total                                               $11,257.1          100.0    %          $9,662.6          100.0    %
the following table shows the major categories of net investment income for the periods indicated:
years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                 2017                  2016
fixed maturity securities                               $451.6                $411.8                $419.3
equity securities                                         21.5                  22.8                  25.1
commercial mortgage loans on real estate                  33.4                  31.5                  41.7
short-term investments                                    22.0                   7.2                   5.5
other investments                                         41.6                  25.2                  24.3
cash and cash equivalents                                 25.7                  15.8                  17.5
revenue from consolidated investment entities (1)        $77.8                  $9.8                    $-
total investment income                                  673.6                 524.1                 533.4
investment expenses                                      (23.3    )            (21.9    )            (17.7    )
expenses from consolidated investment entities (1)       (51.9    )             (8.4    )                -
net investment income                                   $598.4                $493.8                $515.7
(1)   the net of revenues and expenses from consolidated investment entities of $25.9 million for twelve months 2018 includes $9.2 million, $9.5 million, and $2.1 million of investment income from our direct investment in the real estate fund, clos, and the related non-controlling interest, respectively, and $5.1 million related to investment management fees. the net of revenues and expenses from consolidated investment entities of $1.4 million for twelve months 2017 includes $0.5 million and $0.6 million of investment income from our direct investment in the real estate fund and clos, respectively, and $0.3 million related to investment management fees. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further detail.
net investment income increased $104.6 million, or 21%, to $598.4 million for twelve months 2018 from $493.8 million for twelve months 2017, benefiting from the acquisition of twg, which contributed $62.5 million of net investment income. excluding twg, the remaining increase was primarily due to $25.5 million of additional net investment income from consolidated investment entities related to additional clo structures that were launched in 2018 and a $16.4 million increase in net investment income from real estate investments. the increase from real estate investments is due to a $10.5 million increase in earnings from our consolidated real estate fund that was mostly driven by increases in the fair market value of certain real estate properties and a $5.9 million increase in income from sales of certain real estate joint venture partnerships.
net investment income decreased $21.9 million, or 4%, to $493.8 million for twelve months 2017 from $515.7 million for twelve months 2016. the decrease is primarily attributable to lower invested assets, lower investment yields and a $0.9 million decrease in investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships.
as of december 31, 2018, we owned $72.5 million of securities guaranteed by financial guarantee insurance companies. included in this amount was $57.6 million of municipal securities, whose credit rating was a+ with the guarantee, but would have had a rating of a- without the guarantee.
for more information on our investments, see notes 7 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
liquidity and capital resources regulatory requirements assurant, inc. is a holding company and, as such, has limited direct operations of its own. our assets consist primarily of the capital stock of our subsidiaries. accordingly, our future cash flows depend upon the availability of dividends and other statutorily permissible payments from our subsidiaries, such as payments under our tax allocation agreement and under management agreements with our subsidiaries. our insurance subsidiaries' ability to pay such dividends and to make such other payments will be limited by applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries are domiciled, which subject our subsidiaries to significant regulatory restrictions. the dividend requirements and regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and by type of insurance provided by the applicable subsidiary. these laws and regulations require, among other things, our insurance subsidiaries to maintain minimum solvency requirements and limit the amount of dividends they can pay to the holding company. see "item 1 - business - regulation - u.s. insurance regulation" and "item 1a - risk factors - legal and regulatory risks - changes in insurance regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth." along with solvency regulations, the primary driver in determining the amount of capital used for dividends is the level of capital needed to maintain desired financial strength ratings from a.m. best company ("a.m. best").
regulators or rating agencies could become more conservative in their methodology and criteria, increasing capital requirements for our insurance subsidiaries. in 2018, in addition to assigning ratings to the our new debt issuances, the following actions were taken by the rating agencies:
a.m. best
•   affirmed all ratings of legacy assurant entities with a stable outlook, except for a revised negative outlook on the financial strength ratings for our two subsidiaries that sold the assurant employee benefits business through reinsurance due to their diminished profile following the sale.
•   upgraded the financial strength ratings of rated twg entities from a- to a with a stable outlook.
moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's")
•   in connection with the acquisition of twg and the related financing, lowered our senior debt rating to baa3 from baa2 and our subordinated debt rating to ba1 from baa3.
•   revised the insurance financial strength ratings of property and casualty operating subsidiaries to a3 from a2, life insurance subsidiaries to baa1 from a3 and the commercial paper rating to p-3 from p-2, with a stable outlook on all ratings.
s&p global ratings ("s&p")
•   in connection with the acquisition of twg and the related financing, lowered our long-term issuer credit rating from bbb+ to bbb with a stable outlook.
•   affirmed our short-term issuer credit rating.
•   affirmed financial strength ratings of rated operating subsidiaries with a stable outlook.
for further information on our ratings and the risks of ratings downgrades, see "item 1 - business - ratings" and "item 1a - risk factors - financial risks - a decline in the financial strength ratings of our insurance company subsidiaries could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition."
for the year ending december 31, 2019, the maximum amount of dividends our regulated u.s. domiciled insurance subsidiaries could pay us, under applicable laws and regulations without prior regulatory approval, is approximately $353.3 million.
holding company as of december 31, 2018, we had approximately $473.0 million in holding company capital. we use the term "holding company capital" to represent the portion of cash and other liquid marketable securities held at assurant, inc., out of a total of $608.0 million of holding company investment securities and cash, which we are not otherwise holding for a specific purpose as of the balance sheet date. we can use such capital for stock repurchases, stockholder dividends, acquisitions and other corporate purposes. $250.0 million of the $473.0 million of holding company capital is intended to serve as a buffer against remote risks (such as large-scale catastrophe losses).
dividends or returns of capital paid by our subsidiaries, net of infusions and excluding amounts used for acquisitions or received for dispositions, were approximately $739.0 million for twelve months 2018, which included approximately $727.0 million from legal entities in our global housing, global lifestyle and global preneed operating segments and approximately $12.0 million from assurant health and capital formerly backing assurant employee benefits. for twelve months 2017 and twelve months 2016, dividends, net of infusions and excluding amounts used or set aside for acquisitions, made to the holding company from its operating companies were $374.0 million and $1.65 billion (including approximately $894.0 million of dividends from statutory insurance subsidiaries that received cash proceeds related to the sale of assurant employee benefits), respectively. we use these cash inflows primarily to pay expenses, to make interest payments on indebtedness, to make dividend payments to our stockholders, to fund acquisitions and to repurchase our shares.
in addition to paying expenses, making interest payments on indebtedness and making dividend payments on our preferred stock, our capital management strategy provides for several uses of the cash generated by our subsidiaries, including without limitation, returning capital to common stockholders through share repurchases and dividends, investing in our business to support growth in targeted areas and making prudent and opportunistic acquisitions. from time to time, we may also seek to purchase outstanding debt in open market repurchases or privately negotiated transactions. during twelve months 2018, twelve months 2017 and twelve months 2016, we made common stock repurchases and paid dividends to our common stockholders of $266.1 million, $508.5 million and $994.8 million, respectively. we expect to deploy capital primarily to support business growth, fund other investments and return capital to shareholders, subject to board approval and market conditions.
in 2014, we made a 40% investment in iké asistencia ("iké"), a services assistance business, for which we paid approximately $110.0 million. we have a call right and iké has a put right relating to our acquisition of the remainder of the company by mid-2019. there can be no assurance whether we will exercise our call right or iké will exercise its put right and the acquisition will be completed.
in management's opinion, dividends from our subsidiaries together with our income and gains from our investment portfolio will provide sufficient liquidity to meet our needs in the ordinary course of business.
assurant subsidiaries the primary sources of funds for our subsidiaries consist of premiums and fees collected, proceeds from the sales and maturity of investments and net investment income. cash is primarily used to pay insurance claims, agent commissions, operating expenses and taxes. we generally invest our subsidiaries' excess funds in order to generate investment income.
we conduct periodic asset liability studies to measure the duration of our insurance liabilities, to develop optimal asset portfolio maturity structures for our significant lines of business and ultimately to assess that cash flows are sufficient to meet the timing of cash needs. these studies are conducted in accordance with formal company-wide asset liability management guidelines.
to complete a study for a particular line of business, models are developed to project asset and liability cash flows and balance sheet items under a large, varied set of plausible economic scenarios. these models consider many factors including the current investment portfolio, the required capital for the related assets and liabilities, our tax position and projected cash flows from both existing and projected new business.
alternative asset portfolio structures are analyzed for significant lines of business. an investment portfolio maturity structure is then selected from these profiles given our return hurdle and risk preference. sensitivity testing of significant liability assumptions and new business projections is also performed.
our liabilities generally have limited policyholder optionality, which means that the timing of payments is relatively insensitive to the interest rate environment. in addition, our investment portfolio is largely comprised of highly liquid fixed maturity securities with a sufficient component of such securities invested that are near maturity which may be sold with minimal risk of loss to meet cash needs. therefore, we believe we have limited exposure to disintermediation risk.
generally, our subsidiaries' premiums, fees and investment income, along with planned asset sales and maturities, provide sufficient cash to pay claims and expenses. however, there may be instances when unexpected cash needs arise in excess of that available from usual operating sources. in such instances, we have several options to raise needed funds, including selling assets from the subsidiaries' investment portfolios, using holding company cash (if available), issuing commercial paper, or drawing funds from the credit facility. in addition, on january 22, 2018, we filed an automatically effective shelf registration statement on form s-3 with the sec. this registration statement allows us to issue equity, debt and other types of securities through one or more methods of distribution. the terms of any offering would be established at the time of the offering, subject to market conditions. if we decide to make an offering of securities, we will consider the nature of the cash requirement as well as the cost of capital in determining what type of securities we may offer.
dividends and repurchases on january 18, 2019, the board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.60 per common share payable on march 18, 2019 to stockholders of record as of february 25, 2019. we paid dividends of $0.60 per common share on december 17, 2018 to stockholders of record as of november 26, 2018. this represents a 7% increase to the quarterly dividend of $0.56 per common share paid on september 18, 2018 to stockholders of record as of august 27, 2018, $0.56 per common share paid on june 19, 2018 to stockholders of record as of may 29, 2018, and $0.56 per common share paid on march 19, 2018 to stockholders of record as of february 26, 2018.
on january 18, 2019, the board declared a quarterly dividend of $1.6250 per share of mandatory convertible preferred stock payable on march 15, 2019 to stockholders of record as of march 1, 2019. we paid dividends of $1.6250 per share of mandatory convertible preferred stock on december 17, 2018 to stockholders of record as of december 1, 2018, $1.6250 per share of mandatory convertible preferred stock on september 17, 2018 to stockholders of record as of september 1, 2018 and $1.6792 per share of mandatory convertible preferred stock on june 15, 2018 to stockholders of record as of june 1, 2018.
any determination to pay future dividends will be at the discretion of the board and will be dependent upon various factors, including: our subsidiaries' payments of dividends and/or other statutorily permissible payments to us; our results of operations and cash flows; our financial condition and capital requirements; general business conditions and growth prospects; legal, tax, regulatory and contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends; and other factors the board deems relevant. payments of dividends on shares of common stock are subject to the preferential rights of the mandatory convertible preferred stock described below. the credit facility also contains limitations on our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders if we are in default, or such dividend payments would cause us to be in default, of our obligations thereunder. in addition, if we defer the payment of interest on our subordinated notes, we generally may not make payments on our capital stock.
on november 5, 2018, the board authorized us to repurchase up to an additional $600.0 million of our outstanding common stock. during twelve months 2018, we repurchased 1,269,683 shares of our outstanding common stock at a cost of $132.3 million, exclusive of commissions. as of december 31, 2018, $761.2 million remained under the total repurchase authorization (including amounts remaining under the prior authorization). the timing and the amount of future repurchases will depend on market conditions, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors.
mandatory convertible preferred stock in march 2018, we issued 2,875,000 shares of our 6.50% series d mandatory convertible preferred stock, with a par value of $1.00 per share. each outstanding share of mandatory convertible preferred stock will convert automatically on march 15, 2021 into between 0.9358 (the "minimum conversion rate") and 1.1229 shares of common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. at any time prior to march 2021, holders may elect to convert each share of mandatory convertible preferred stock into shares of common stock at the minimum conversion rate or in the event of a fundamental change at the specified rates defined in the certificate of designations of the mandatory convertible preferred stock.
dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock will be payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared, at an annual rate of 6.50% of the liquidation preference of $100.00 per share. we may pay declared dividends in cash or, subject to certain limitations, in shares of our common stock, or in any combination of cash and shares of our common stock quarterly, commencing in june 2018 and ending in march 2021. no dividend or distribution may be declared or paid on common stock or any other class or series of junior stock, and no common stock or any other class or series of junior stock or parity stock may be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration unless all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock for all preceding dividend periods have been declared and paid in full, subject to certain limited exceptions. we paid preferred stock dividends of $14.2 million for twelve months 2018. for additional information regarding the mandatory convertible preferred stock, see note 19 in the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
credit facility and commercial paper program we have a five-year senior unsecured $450.0 million revolving credit agreement (the "credit facility") with a syndicate of banks arranged by jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. and wells fargo bank, national association. the credit facility provides for revolving loans and the issuance of multi-bank, syndicated letters of credit and letters of credit from a sole issuing bank in an aggregate amount of $450.0 million, which may be increased up to $575.0 million. the credit facility is available until december 2022, provided we are in compliance with all covenants. the credit facility has a sub-limit for letters of credit issued thereunder of $50.0 million. the proceeds from these loans may be used for our commercial paper program or for general corporate purposes.
our commercial paper program requires us to maintain liquidity facilities either in an available amount equal to any outstanding notes from the program or in an amount sufficient to maintain the ratings assigned to the notes issued from the program. our commercial paper is rated amb-1 by a.m. best, p-3 by moody's and a-2 by s&p. our subsidiaries do not maintain commercial paper or other borrowing facilities. this program is currently backed up by the credit facility, of which $441.0 million was available as of december 31, 2018, and $9.0 million letters of credit were outstanding.
we did not use the commercial paper program during twelve months 2018 or twelve months 2017 and there were no amounts relating to the commercial paper program outstanding as of december 31, 2018 or 2017. we made no borrowings using the credit facility during twelve months 2018 or twelve months 2017 and no loans were outstanding as of december 31, 2018 or 2017.
covenants the credit facility contains restrictive covenants including, but not limited to:
(i)   maintenance of a maximum consolidated total debt to capitalization ratio on the last day of any fiscal quarter of not greater than 0.35 to 1.0, subject to certain exceptions; and
(ii)   maintenance of a consolidated adjusted net worth in an amount not less than a "minimum amount" equal to the sum of (a) the greater of 70% of our consolidated adjusted net worth on the date of the closing of the twg acquisition and $2.72 billion, (b) 25% of consolidated net income for each fiscal quarter (if positive) beginning with the first fiscal quarter ending after the date of the closing of the twg acquisition and (c) 25% of the net cash proceeds received from any capital contribution to, or issuance of any capital stock, disqualified capital stock and hybrid securities, received after the closing of the twg acquisition.
in the event of the breach of certain covenants, all obligations under the credit facility, including unpaid principal and accrued interest and outstanding letters of credit, may become immediately due and payable.
senior and subordinated notes the following table shows the principal amount and carrying value of our outstanding debt, less unamortized discount and issuance costs as applicable, as of december 31, 2018 and 2017:
december 31,
2018                    2017
principal amount                                 carrying value
2.50% senior notes due march 2018 (1)          $350.0                        $-             $349.8
floating rate senior notes due march 2021 (2)           300.0                     298.1             -
4.00% senior notes due march 2023           350.0                     348.1                   347.7
4.20% senior notes due september 2023           300.0                     296.8             -
4.90% senior notes due march 2028           300.0                     297.6             -
6.75% senior notes due february 2034           375.0                     370.9                   370.7
7.00% fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due march 2048 (3)           400.0                     394.5             -
total debt                                  $2,006.0             $1,068.2
(1)   repaid upon maturity on march 15, 2018.
(2)   bears floating interest at a rate equal to three-month libor plus 1.25%.
(3)   bears a 7.00% annual interest rate from march 2018 to march 2028 and annual interest rate equal to three-month libor plus 4.135% thereafter.
2021, 2023 and 2028 senior notes in march 2018, we issued the following three series of senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of $900.0 million:
•   2021 senior notes: the first series of senior notes is $300.0 million in principal amount, bears floating interest at a rate equal to three-month libor plus 1.25% (4.06% as of december 31, 2018) and is payable in a single installment due march 2021 (the "2021 senior notes"). interest on the 2021 senior notes is payable quarterly. commencing on or after march 2019, we may redeem the 2021 senior notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest.
•   2023 senior notes: the second series of senior notes is $300.0 million in principal amount, bears interest at 4.20% per year, is payable in a single installment due september 2023 and was issued at a 0.233% discount (the "2023 senior notes"). interest on the 2023 senior notes is payable semi-annually. prior to august 2023, we may redeem the 2023 senior notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at a make-whole premium plus accrued and unpaid interest. on or after that date, we may redeem the 2023 senior notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest.
•   2028 senior notes: the third series of senior notes is $300.0 million in principal amount, bears interest at 4.90% per year, is payable in a single installment due march 2028 and was issued at a 0.383% discount (the "2028 senior notes"). interest on the 2028 senior notes is payable semi-annually. prior to december 2027, we may redeem the 2028 senior notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at a make-whole premium plus accrued and unpaid interest. on or after that date, we may redeem the 2028 senior notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest.
the interest rate payable on each of the 2021 senior notes, the 2023 senior notes and the 2028 senior notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time, if either moody's or s&p downgrades the credit rating assigned to such series of senior notes to ba1 or below or to bb+ or below, respectively, or subsequently upgrades the credit ratings once the senior notes are at or below such levels. for more details on the increase in interest rate over the issuance rate by rating, see note 18 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
subordinated notes in march 2018, we issued fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due march 2048 with a principal amount of $400.0 million (the "subordinated notes"), which bear interest from march 2018 to march 2028 at an annual rate of 7.00%, payable semi-annually. the subordinated notes will bear interest at an annual rate equal to three-month libor plus 4.135%, payable quarterly, beginning in june 2028. on or after march 2028, we may redeem the subordinated notes in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest provided that if they are not redeemed in whole, a minimum amount must remain outstanding. at any time prior to march 2028, we may redeem the subordinated notes in whole but not in part after the occurrence of a tax event, rating agency event or regulatory capital event as defined in the global note representing the subordinated notes, at a redemption price equal to (i) with respect to a rating agency event 102% of their principal amount and (ii) with respect to a tax event or regulatory capital event, their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest.
in addition, so long as no event of default with respect to the subordinated notes has occurred and is continuing, we have the right, on one or more occasions, to defer the payment of interest on the subordinated notes for one or more consecutive interest periods for up to five years as described in the global note representing the subordinated notes. during a deferral period, interest will continue to accrue on the subordinated notes at the then-applicable interest rate. at any time when we have given notice of our election to defer interest payments on the subordinated notes, we generally may not make payments on or redeem or purchase any shares of our capital stock or any of our debt securities or guarantees that rank upon our liquidation on a parity with or junior to the subordinated notes, subject to certain limited exceptions.
other notes in march 2013, we issued two series of senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of $700.0 million. the first series was $350.0 million in principal amount, bore interest at 2.50% per year and was repaid in a single installment in march 2018. the second series is $350.0 million in principal amount and was issued at a 0.365% discount. this series bears interest at 4.00% per year and is payable in a single installment due march 2023. interest is payable semi-annually. we may redeem the outstanding series of senior notes in whole or in part at any time and from time to time before maturity at the redemption price set forth in the global note representing the outstanding series of senior notes.
in february 2004, we issued senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of $475.0 million at a 0.61% discount, which bear interest at 6.75% per year and are payable in a single installment due february 2034. interest is payable semi-annually. these senior notes are not redeemable prior to maturity. in december 2016, we completed a cash tender offer and purchased $100.0 million in aggregate principal amount of such senior notes.
see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for more information.
retirement and other employee benefits we have sponsored a qualified pension plan, (the "assurant pension plan") and various non-qualified pension plans (including an executive pension plan), along with a retirement health benefits plan covering our employees who meet specified eligibility requirements. effective march 1, 2016, benefit accruals for the assurant pension plan, the various non-qualified pension plans and the retirement health benefits plan were frozen. the reported amounts associated with these plans requires an extensive use of assumptions, which include, but are not limited to, the discount rate and expected return on plan assets. we determine these assumptions based upon currently available market and industry data, and historical performance of the plan and its assets. the actuarial assumptions used in the calculation of our aggregate projected benefit obligation vary and include an expectation of long-term appreciation in equity markets, which is not changed by minor short-term market fluctuations, but does change when large prolonged interim deviations occur. the assumptions we use may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates or longer or shorter life spans of the participants.
as of january 1, 2014, the assurant pension plan and executive pension plans are no longer offered to new hires. subsequently, effective january 1, 2016, the assurant pension plan was amended and split into two separate plans (plan no. 1 and plan no. 2). plan no. 1 generally covers all eligible employees (including the active population as of january 1, 2016, the remainder of the terminated vested population and all puerto rico participants). plan no. 2 included a subset of the terminated vested population and the total in-payment population as of january 1, 2016. assets for both plans remain in the assurant, inc. pension plan trust; however, separate accounting entities were maintained for plan no. 1 and plan no. 2. effective december 31, 2017, plan no. 1 and plan no. 2 were merged back together into the assurant pension plan.
during 2018, there were no contributions to the assurant pension plan. due to the plan's current overfunded status, no contributions are expected to the assurant pension plan over the course of 2019. see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for more information.
cash flows we monitor cash flows at the consolidated, holding company and subsidiary levels. cash flow forecasts at the consolidated and subsidiary levels are provided on a monthly basis, and we use trend and variance analyses to project future cash needs making adjustments to the forecasts when needed.
the table below shows our recent net cash flows for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                             2017                    2016
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                                $656.7                $530.4                  $108.6
investing activities                                              (2,202.5    )           (541.2    )              725.6
financing activities                                               1,838.0                 (26.7    )           (1,080.3    )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents         (35.0    )              2.3                   (16.1    )
cash included in business classified as held for sale                    -                     -                     5.9
net change in cash                                                  $257.2                $(35.2    )            $(256.3    )
cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
operating activities:
we typically generate operating cash inflows from premiums collected from our insurance products, fees received for services and income received from our investments while outflows consist of policy acquisition costs, benefits paid and operating expenses. these net cash flows are then invested to support the obligations of our insurance products and required capital supporting these products. our cash flows from operating activities are affected by the timing of premiums, fees, and investment income received and expenses paid.
net cash provided by operating activities was $656.7 million and $530.4 million for twelve months 2018 and twelve months 2017, respectively. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the absence of an $85.0 million payment made during twelve months 2017 related to lender-placed market conduct examination settlement agreements. the increase was also due to higher cash from operations due to growth of our connected living business and $26.7 million of cash from the settlement of a series of derivative transactions exercised in connection with acquisition-related financing. these increases were partially offset by a $41.5 million payment of an accrued indemnification liability related to the previous sale of our general agency business and claim payments made, net of reinsurance, related to losses from 2017 reportable catastrophes.
net cash provided by operating activities was $530.4 million and $108.6 million for twelve months 2017 and twelve months 2016, respectively. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to prior year activity as assurant health was paying significant claims without a corresponding collection of premiums while in run-off. also contributing to the increase was the timing of payments in the normal course of business. these items were partially offset by changes in the premium stabilization program receivables related to assurant health and an $85.0 million payment during twelve months 2017 related to the lender-placed market conduct examination settlement agreements. see note 26 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for additional information.
investing activities:
net cash used in investing activities was $2.20 billion and $541.2 million for twelve months 2018 and twelve months 2017, respectively. the change in net cash (used in) provided by investing activities is primarily due to cash used for the twg acquisition. during twelve months 2018, we used $1.49 billion of cash to fund a portion of the $2.47 billion purchase price of the twg acquisition (which was partially offset by twg cash acquired of $308.1 million) compared to $125.0 million used during twelve months 2017 for the acquisition of green tree insurance agency, inc. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for additional information. additionally, net cash used by our consolidated investment entities to purchase senior secured leveraged loans in connection with the planned formation of clo structures increased by $322.9 million. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this report, for additional information. this increase was partially offset by $36.7 million of proceeds from the sale of our mortgage solutions business and $23.9 million of proceeds, net of cash transferred, from the sale of time insurance company during twelve months 2018. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this report, for additional information.
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities was $(541.2) million and $725.6 million for twelve months 2017 and twelve months 2016, respectively. the change in net cash (used in) provided by investing activities is primarily due to the sale of assurant employee benefits in 2016, mainly through reinsurance transactions, to sun life. also contributing to the decrease was the 2017 acquisition of green tree insurance agency, inc., the sale of commercial mortgage loans on real estate in 2016, changes in our short-term investments and the purchase of invested assets related to the consolidated investment entities (the "cies"). see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for additional information. these are partially offset by a decrease in the purchases of fixed maturity securities and equity securities.
financing activities:
net cash provided by (used in) in financing activities was $1.84 billion and $(26.7) million for twelve months 2018 and twelve months 2017, respectively. the increase in net cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to financing related to the twg acquisition. net proceeds from the issuance of debt and preferred stock were $1.29 billion and $276.4 million, respectively. we used $350.0 million to repay principal on the senior notes that matured during the first quarter of 2018. additionally, net cash provided by the issuance of clo notes related to the clo structures that were closed during twelve months 2018 and borrowings from short-term warehouse facilities to fund the planned formation of clo structures increased by $807.9 million compared to twelve months 2017. the increases were partially offset by a decrease of $370.5 million in repayment of borrowings from the short-term warehouse facilities related to clo structures that closed.
net cash used in financing activities was $26.7 million and $1.08 billion for twelve months 2017 and twelve months 2016, respectively. the change in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to a decrease in the repurchase of our outstanding common stock in 2017, partially offset by a net increase in cash provided by our cies. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for additional information.
the table below shows our cash outflows for taxes, interest and dividends for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                        2017                  2016
income taxes paid               $93.9                 $18.8                $226.1
interest paid on debt            79.5                  48.1                  56.2
common stock dividends          133.8                 119.0                 125.3
preferred stock dividends        14.2                     -                     -
total                          $321.4                $185.9                $407.6
commitments and contingencies we have obligations and commitments to third parties as a result of our operations, as detailed in the table below by maturity date as of december 31, 2018:
as of december 31, 2018
total             less than 1year               1-3years       3-5years               more than 5years contractual obligations:
insurance liabilities (1)                           $8,515.5                $1,077.2                    $734.3            $706.3                 $5,997.7
debt and related interest                            3,519.7                   105.5                     502.8                  829.1            2,082.3
operating leases                                       122.5                    24.8                      39.5                   22.7                     35.5
pension obligations and postretirement benefit         549.5                    57.6                     111.8                  105.1                    275.0
purchase agreements                                      9.0                     4.5                       4.5            -                      -
commitments:
investment purchases outstanding:
commercial mortgage loans on real estate                 3.7                     3.7                         -            -                      -
capital contributions to consolidated vies               4.2                     4.2                         -            -                      -
capital contributions to non-consolidated vies          32.8                    32.8                         -            -                      -
liability for unrecognized tax benefit                  13.0                       -                       9.3            -                                3.7
total obligations and commitments                  $12,769.9                $1,310.3                  $1,402.2            $1,663.2               $8,394.2
(1)   insurance liabilities reflect undiscounted estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders, net of expected future premium cash receipts on in-force policies and excluding fully reinsured runoff operations. the total gross reserve for fully reinsured runoff operations that was excluded was $4.82 billion which, if the reinsurers defaulted, would be payable over a 30+ year period with the majority of the payments occurring after 5 years. additional information on the reinsurance arrangements can be found in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. as a result, the amounts presented in this table do not agree to the future policy benefits and expenses and claims and benefits payable in the consolidated balance sheets.
liabilities for future policy benefits and expenses have been included in the commitments and contingencies table. significant uncertainties relating to these liabilities include mortality, morbidity, expenses, persistency, investment returns, inflation, contract terms and the timing of payments.
letters of credit in the normal course of business, letters of credit are issued primarily to support reinsurance arrangements in which we are the reinsurer. these letters of credit are supported by commitments under which we are required to indemnify the financial institution issuing the letter of credit if the letter of credit is drawn. we had $13.2 million and $18.1 million of letters of credit outstanding as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources of the company.
